Conditions of use and conditions for Amazon.pl
Last update: 17.
08.
2021
Welcome to our Amazon.pl
Amazon core europe sarl, amazon eu and related parties of those companies (" sarl amazon ") website and other products and made available to the content of the service to users visitors (" party ") or the Amazon.pl catching on it purchases, benefiting from the products or services amazon, using mobile applications or with software provided by the amazon amazon in connection with any of these services (called " amazon '). a total services
Amazon provides services amazon and sells its products under the conditions of on this side.
Amazon.pl is a trade name amazon.
Conditions for use
Conditions for the sale
Conditions for use
Before resorting to amazon please services a careful reading of these conditions.
Using amazon pronounce agree to comply with these conditions services.
We wide range of services to which amazon in certain situations may apply additional conditions.
Using amazon services (for example from your account, card or mobile applications), you are covered by amazon Podarunkowych also conditions, rules and guidelines in force in relation to the services of the service ") (" the amazon.
In case of discrepancy between these conditions of use and the conditions of service, decisive will have service conditions.
Notice rights violations and the procedure for notifying claims
1 the protection of privacy
Please acquaint himself with all information on privacy and information about files cookie and internet advertising.
2 electronic communication
Using any service or by sending e-mails, text messages amazon or other type of correspondence from your computer or mobile device is with us electronically. komunikujesz
We communicate with you by means of various types of channels of communication, including electronic mail, text messages, push in applications and notifications by posting messages or messages on the website or e-mail in the framework of other services, such as the centre of the notifications. amazon
Between agreement for us permission to receive messages from us talk by electronic means and that any agreement, communications, you have the information disclosed and other communications, which we you electronically, meet all legal requirements for the conservation of such communication, written form except where mandatory legislation will require a different form of communication.
3 copyright and rights to databases
Any content contained in any service amazon or made available through her, in this text, graphics, logo, icons, images, audio files, buttons for digital files, data collection and compilation albums are owned by amazon or providers amazon content and legal protection on the basis of luxembourg and are subject to international rules on the protection of copyright and rights to databases.
Kompilacje any content of any service amazon or made available through her are exclusive ownership and are protected under luxembourg and amazon international regulations for the protection of copyright and rights to databases.
Shall not be permitted downloading and / or use of any secondary content services amazon without our the express written approval.
In particular, without the express written consent is not allowed the use of any tools for wholesale collection or data mining exploration), robots or similar gear for the collection and the extraction of data in order to (single or multiple) collection of any essential elements content in order to re-use any service amazon.
Without the express written consent, you're not also have the power to create and / or publish their own databases containing the essential elements of any services amazon (e.g.
Our pricing and offers products).
4 marks
Click here to see the marks amazon.
Also graphics logo headlines parties, buttons, and the names of the services and icons scripts services forming part of the amazon or made available through her any service marks or objects are industrial design and layouty products and services amazon.
Marks objects and industrial design and products and services can not be amazon layouty used in conjunction with any of the products or services which are not products or services in any way, which could introduce amazon customers in, nor in a dyskredytujący error or amazon. deprecjonujący
All other, not belonging to the trade marks which appear in the amazon the any services are owned by their respective owners, amazon, which may be either entities associated with the amazon or sponsored by the amazon, as well as others.
5 patents
One or more of the patent shall apply to this website, her some functions and services.
Click here to see the applicable patents amazon and licensed patents.
This list is not exhaustive.
6 licence and access
Provided compliance with these conditions you use and appropriate conditions of use of services and pay for you any applicable fees, amazon or supplier providing amazon defined content, and grant you with non-exclusive licence, without the right to grant sub-licences nieprzenoszalnej, on access to services and the use of them on their own, amazon non-commercial use.
This licence does not include the right to resale any services or contained in, content and amazon use them for commercial purposes, the right to collect and use of product offers, information on pricing, the descriptions of products or the exercise of rights subsidiaries to services or of its content, amazon collection or copying information on for another person's accounts commercial operations, nor the right to use tools to wholesale collection or data mining exploration), robots or similar tools used for the collection and the extraction of data.
Amazon licensor, or its, suppliers, publishers, holders and other entities, which provide amazon content, and retain all rights referred to reserve, which were not you clearly granted under these conditions of use or conditions providing the service.
Shall not be permitted, reproduction, copying, sales, multiplied resale or display any services or any part of her, nor the amazon to use her in any other way for commercial purposes without the express written consent.
In addition, without the express written consent shall not be permitted to crop or using amazon techniques to any trade mark logo crop segregation or other proprietary information (including images, text, amazon layout parties or its form).
Without the express written approval of the amazon you don't have also right to use any or other type of " text " hidden metatagów benefiting from names or trade marks amazon.
You can't use the services of amazon misuse or incompatible with destiny.
Services amazon, you can use only as allowed by law.
Amazon licenses granted by to rely on amazon is terminated in case of non-compliance by you these conditions, the use or conditions for the provision of the service.
Licence report before the end of you of this in advance.
7 your account
To exercise certain services amazon may be required to which possession of your own account amazon is attributed an appropriate method the payment, and such a login account.
For problems with the payments using the chosen by you, you can charge the payment methods of payment by means of any other important attributed to your account. the
Click here to manage their payment options.
Services amazon, if you use a any you are responsible for the confidentiality of its accounts and passwords and limiting access to my computer and mobile devices, as well as you run liable for any acts committed using your account and password: (i) by you, or any person who himself or password; or (udostępniłeś ii) directly as a result of failure to you by the confidential nature of your account and password.
You should take all necessary steps in order to secure your passwords and preserve the confidential nature of and immediately inform us in the event of any of the circumstances justifying expect that your password got in possession of any other person, or is used in a way not or are likely to use it in such a way.
Are responsible for ensuring the correctness and completeness of the reported us data and to inform us of their any change.
Tab mine on our website enables you to access to a large part of us data, including information on the notified settings, and updating your account.
Is not allowed use of any services: (i) in a way, amazon which causes or might cause a break or distortion of or damage to any service amazon or operation of access, (ii) for illegal purposes, in connection with an actual crime or other wrongful act or (iii) in order to generate any nuisance, disadvantages or concern.
So we reserve the right to refuse service or closing of the account in the event of breach by you existing legislation, existing contractual provisions, guidelines, or the rules which our is available on our website content.
Regardless limits the possibility of services or closing of the account, you'll have the right continue to benefit from access to the content and services purchased by you to this point.
Services report before the end of you of this in advance.
8 reviews, comments messages and other content
Visitors can advertise on it reviews, comments and other content; sending christmas cards and other electronic messages; reported suggestions, ideas, comments and questions, provide other information, as far as they are not incompatible with the law, dirty, does not contain offensive, nor the threats, respects the privacy or defamatory of intellectual property rights or otherwise not to cause harm to third parties and is not objections, as well as does not contain viruses computer doesn't wear a political campaign, or commercial, and is not constitute sent under the so-called "
Where " communication, or any form of mass mailings " spam. "
Shall not be allowed to benefit from a false e-mail address, impersonation of any other person or entity or taking another type of action misleading regarding the origin of cards or other content.
Remove or edit this kind of so we reserve the right content (while, unless we get declaration form, we are not bound to do that).
If would think that any object or under any information providing services amazon intellectual property rights, let us know your prejudice about it, and by sending us an appropriate report form, in carrying out to which will answer.
Unless otherwise decided by the amazon, placing on the serious indication content or materials: (a) originate nadsyłając amazon, and fully niewyłącznego unpaid law (together with the full right to przenoszalnego grant sub-licences) to use, reproduction, modification, adaptation, publications, translation, distribution and display, and studies such content or worldwide and materials on any medium, and (b) the amazon, and rights-the right to amazon sublicencjobiorcom buyers, according to the choice of the
Entities name or name given by you in relation to the content. zamieszczeniem
This provision does not warrant a transfer of moral rights.
Made above the rights is a throughout the irrevocable protecting intellectual property rights of those for the content or materials, for what this talk agreement.
To the extent permitted by law are not exercise of those rights to zobowiązujesz indicating you as such content and the rights of raising objections to the author's actions affecting their integrity.
Talk consent to make any further acts necessary to give effect the rights granted by you, including the amazon, on a proposal amazon, additional documents.
Proposing zapewniasz and that you own rights to content by you on the party or to appear over them another kind of control; that sprawujesz, at the date of data on the content or materials: (i) the data content and materials are correct; and (ii) the use of the supplied by you content and materials shall not affect the relevant rules or guidelines amazon and will not harm any other person or entity (including that the content of the material or there is no nature). zniesławiającego
You can be held liable for a breach of those statements and assurances in accordance with civil or criminal law, depending on the situation.
9 claim of intellectual property
Amazon respects intellectual property of third parties.
If makes you think your intellectual property rights have been used in a manner which raises concerns that there may have been to their infringement, follow the information contained in section.
Form and the procedure for notifying claims for infringements of the rights.
10 special software amazon
In addition to the use for any of these conditions software (including any updates and improvements software and related documentation), all that we are giving you at any given time for use in conjunction with services (" software "), amazon amazon conditions apply available on this link.
11 other activities
Activities with the shops, the provision of services and sale of the products on this side are also parties other than the amazon.
Also we links to internet sites related parties and other companies.
We are not responsible for the test or assessment of these traders or persons or content uploaded on their websites, as well as we have not provided any guarantee in relation to their offer.
Amazon shall not be liable for any of these people action or any other person nor a third by products or to appear content.
You have an opportunity of determining when your transaction is involved a third party.
We, in turn, we can provide such third party your data in connection with a transaction.
Therefore you should carefully read with information on the protection of privacy and other conditions the use of such services of third parties.
12 the role of the amazon
Amazon enables sellers and the sale of products on the issue of external Amazon.pl.
In this case, the relevant information is always on the relevant detailed product. be recorded
Although amazon facilitates dealing through the amazon, does not act as buyer or seller marketplace for products offered by the seller.
Amazon provides platform for sellers and buyers to negotiate and execution of the transaction.
Therefore, the parties in connection with the sale agreement to be concluded of third party are only the seller and the buyer.
Amazon is not a party to that agreement and not assume responsibility with its title or in connection with it, nor acts as an agent or intermediary salesman.
Entity responsible for sales of products, maintenance and other issues resulting from any claims buyer agreement between seller and buyer or incurred in connection with her remains salesman.
Buyer purchase terms in order to ensure safe, amazon grants "
Guarantee from a to z, which complements any other rights buyer under contract or on a different basis.
13 our responsibility
Are pushing hard to ensure the continuing availability of services amazon and data transmission bezbłędnej.
However, because of the specific functioning of, we can not give in this respect the internet any guarantee.
Also access to services amazon may be suspended or reduce in order to enable the occasional repairs or maintenance or introduction of new facilities or services.
We seek to reduce the frequency and duration of each suspend or limit the availability of services.
This provision does not affect the legal responsibility of the amazon.
In relations with professionals (business), amazon has no responsibility for (i) losses, which were not caused by any tampering from the amazon, and (ii) any economic losses (including the loss of earnings, income, procurement, expected savings, data or goodwill and wasted), and (iii) any inputs or follow-up, indirect losses which neither party could not predict at the time of accession by you to benefit from the services amazon.
We won't be held responsible for any delay in implementation and / or lack of our obligations under these conditions, the implementation of if the delay or failure to exercise would be due to force majeure.
Legislation in force in some countries do not allow the application of all or some of these restrictions.
Where such provisions do apply in your case, then some or all of these restrictions may not have to apply and you may have additional rights. you
None of these provisions does not prejudice or off our responsibility for making false statements or for causing death or injury as a result of our negligence or intentional malfunctioning.
14 applicable law
These conditions is subject to law grand duchy of luxembourg and in accordance with it should be interpreted and applied the provisions of the united nations convention on the agreements international sales of goods is hereby explicitly excluded.
Both succumbed to the city of luxembourg, jurisdiction non-exclusive which means that for the rights of those on the basis of legislation on consumer protection in this respect these conditions you can bring an action before the court of use in luxembourg or in the eu country where zamieszkujesz.
The european commission shall provide electronic platform to the settlement of disputes at: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr / []. external link
Due to the fact that we prefer settlement in direct contact with our users declarations not we participate in procedures alternative dispute resolution for consumer.
- If you want to turn our attention to certain issues, please contact with us.
15 export control
Zobowiązujesz that you won't be made exports, or you will not be given any products (re-exporting including software and other digital products) acquired by you on the website for any country, people, entrepreneurs, organisation or entity for which the export is subject to prohibition or restrictions arising from legislation.
For example, economic sanctions and embargo imposed by the european union, the united nations, the state department, treasury or trade or other governmental authorities (such as the united states embargo imposed on particular countries or economic sanctions to be imposed on persons or businesses for business or terrorist offences related to money laundering) may prohibit take products to other countries-even for their own personal use-and / or dispatch products (whether by mail or by means of the dispatch of natural sent electronically, using electronic mail or by file sharing) individuals, businesses, organisations and entities.
Zobowiązujesz, moreover, that you don't acquire any products or services from the website for which you restrictions (sanctions).
16 changes services and amending the conditions of use
Using amazon services, rules and conditions for the use of amazon policy under services, including the conditions of service and amazon this provision of the service in the shape of the conditions at a time when you are using the services amazon.
Account amazon, and if you have if the amendment does not put you unfairly disadvantaged, we can achieve change policies and conditions for the use of services, including the use of these conditions and amazon conditions of the service, or their any part, at any time for the following reasons: for reasons of legal or regulatory nature; for safety reasons; in order to improve the existing functions or complement our services for additional functions; in order to introduce the changes resulting from technological progress; the introduction of legitimate technical adjustments to our services; as well as to ensure the continuing availability of our services.
Where a change you about it in good time and we will inform you almost to the termination of the use of their individual and from the affected change service or services without having to amazon prior notice.
Your continued use of a service after the entry into force of such amendments will be recognised for their acceptance.
In such a situation the amended versions of these conditions of use and conditions of service will apply to any further connecting us contractual relations.
Keep the the possibility of liquidation your account at any time. amazon
If any amendment will be of any cause declared void or ineffective, then such a change will address and will have no impact on the validity of the separately and effectiveness of any other changes or conditions.
Subject to the same conditions, then we reserve the right to amend any services amazon at any time.
17 waiver
In the absence of a us action in response to your breach of the right to benefit from any use of keeping our own rights and legal remedies in the event of any other violation by you these conditions of use.
18 adolescents
Sold by the us products are not intended for the purchase by adolescents.
Sold by the us products for children are intended for the purchase by adults.
Persons under 18 years of age may use the services amazon only under the authority parent or guardian.
19 our details
Owner administrator parties (except for the service and this is a company, amazon mp3) musical europe core sarl.
Specific conditions for the use and conditions for the sale of other services, including, for example, amazon mp3, which the operator is music service sarl, are available on amazon media eu our website.
For amazon europe core sarl:
Amazon europe core sarl,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue john f.
Kennedy, luxembourg L-1855
Capital: 37 eur 500
The registered in luxembourg, entered in a register in luxembourg (cs) under number: B180022
In its business licence no: 134248
The vat identification number in luxembourg: lu 26375245.
Other details:
Amazon eu sarl
Amazon eu sarl
Société à responsabilité limitée
38 avenue john f.
Kennedy
L-1855 luxembourg
Capital: 125.
000
The registered in luxembourg
Entered in a register in luxembourg (rcs) under number: B-101818
In its business licence no: 134248
The vat identification number in luxembourg: lu 20260743.
Registered national branch:
Amazon eu sarl limited company branch in poland
Ul.
Goods 28
00-839 warszawa
Entered in the register kept by the district court for m. przesiębiorców
St.
Warsaw in warsaw, xii department under economic no KRS 0000827545
Nip 1080023913
Person representing foreign trader ward: james Stefański
Amazon services europe sarl:
Amazon services europe sarl
Société à responsabilité limitée
38, avenue john f.
Kennedy, luxembourg L-1885
Capital: 37.
Eur 500
The registered in luxembourg
Entered in a register in luxembourg (rcs) under number: B-93815
The number of the activities: 132595
The vat identification number in luxembourg: lu 19647148
Amazon media eu sarl:
Amazon media eu sarl
Société à responsabilité limitée
38, avenue john f.
Kennedy
L-1885 luxembourg
Capital: 50.
000
The registered in luxembourg
Entered in a register in luxembourg (rcs) under number: 112767
The number of the activities: 136312
The vat identification number in luxembourg: lu 20944528
20 notice of infringement of rights and the procedure for notifying claims
If decide that there was a violation of your intellectual property rights and the registration in the register of brands, kwalifikujesz sign up to him and make a complaint through it.
If not, you can lodge a complaint, together with our electronic form.
This form may serve reporting all kinds of claims on the basis of intellectual property rights, including, inter alia, of claims relating to copyright, trademarks, designs and patent's claims.
Upon complaint are able to take appropriate action, including the removal of the prescribed information or position and, where relevant, exclusion perpetrators of repeated infringements.
Any this action will be taken without any recognition responsibility and without prejudice to any rights of legal protection and rights to bring allegations, all of which are hereby explicitly reserved.
These measures shall include addressing a complaint to the people involved in the provision of the content of the allegedly infringing rights.
You can be held liable if your application, including infringes the right for supplying incorrect or misleading information, in accordance with applicable law, civil or criminal.
Detail tenders external: we that offers sellers sellers external third party () shall be placed on the sellers only on the basis of notices published on behalf of Amazon.pl such external, which may be contacted sellers via the containing information on the seller, available from any direction of containing products of the seller as.
Markings asin and: " identification number ' means Isbn-10 asin (standard item (or of amazon amazon) identification number), consisting of ten (10) the characters.
Is placed under each bid in the detailed information about the product. "
Isbn-10 ' means the international standard book number (international standard book number) and a (10) a digital identifier placed in dziesięcio- certain offers books in the detailed information about the product.
Oral amazon note: misleading or fraudulent, inaccurate information in the claim form may raise and / or criminal civil liability.
If you have questions or concerns recommend contact with a solicitor.
Additional conditions for the use of software amazon
Use of software amazon.
Use of software amazon.
Software amazon may only be used in order to allow the use of those services as indicated by amazon and permitted conditions of use, amazon these conditions software and any conditions to provide services.
Shall not be allowed any part of the amazon for their own programmes include software, creating compilation of any part of the software with its own programmes, transfer him to amazon use together with another service nor the disposal, putting in renting or hire, borrowing, sharing or the spread of, as well as the sub-licensing amazon or transfer of otherwise any right to software, whether it is in its entirety, whether amazon, in part.
Software amazon can not be used for other purposes incompatible with the law.
We can stop making available any software and end your right to use the amazon any software in the absence of the amazon to any of these conditions you software, conditions of use or any other existing and binding conditions to provide services.
Services report before the end of you of this in advance.
Amazon software (or software which has been integrated into it) may apply additional conditions for third parties which are concluded or distributed along with and have been identified in the amazon software in detail him documentation.
These conditions third parties will govern the use of such software in the event of discrepancies between such conditions and these conditions of use.
All software used under any services amazon is owned by providers of software and data or amazon amazon enjoys protection under luxembourg and international legislation on copyright.
Use of a service to third parties.
There is a possibility that using software amazon also have recourse to you of one or more third parties, such as the supplier wireless communication or mobile platforms.
Using third parties can services subject to another regime conditions and charges to be determined by such entities use.
Prohibition of engineering backward.
Except where this is expressly permitted absolutely applicable law shall not be allowed to copy, modification, making the so-called
Engineering backward, dekompilacji or in part or in full deconstructivism software amazon, tampering with him in any other way, or the drawing up of any studies or on the basis, software amazon or abetting, promotion or other persons to carry out such operations set up.
Updates.
News software amazon in order to preserve its automatic or manual updates we can offer at any time and without informing you of this fact.
Conditions for the sale
1 scope
This conditions for the sale shall be governed by sales of driving on your thing. eu amazon sarl
We wide range of services to which amazon in specific cases, may apply additional conditions.
Using amazon services (for example from your account, cards, mobile applications, amazon or centre notifications Podarunkowych), under also conditions, rules and guidelines in force in relation to the services of the service ") (" the amazon.
In case of discrepancy between these conditions for the sale and the conditions of service, decisive will have service conditions.
Before placing orders in the amazon eu we are asking for a careful reading of sarl these conditions.
Contract amazon sarl, you by making eu agree to comply with these conditions.
2 our agreement
Fold amazon offer for product or when submitting the contract products referred to in your contract.
After contracts for the acquisition of you from your notification confirmation of receipt of your amazon send contract and detailed description of the contract (" contract ") confirmation.
If you use a specific services amazon (e.g.
Mobile applications amazon), may be placed in the centre of notifications order confirmation on the website.
Confirmation contract is a statement that was received by the us your order, is not a adoption tabled by you offers for the buying-in of products or services requested.
Your tender and contract sales ordered the adoption by you product only once sent to you of follows and messages you e-mail or for notification at the centre on its website, with confirmation of notifications of dispatch to you (" endorsement ") dispatch
If as part of your contract was sent more than one consignment, then for each consignment get separate dispatch and each confirmation of dispatch and confirmation of the corresponding will be a separate sale agreement concluded between the consignment us in relation to the product or products indicated in the confirmation of dispatch.
Entity, which made agreement is amazon eu sarl.
Regardless awards you the right of withdrawal provided for in section 3 below, you can cancel his contract the free of charge at any time before sending the confirmation of a product. we dispatch
Cancellation this right does not cover certain categories of products and services, including digital products and software, which is not supplied on a support material (e.g.
Ramp cd or dvd), after the initiation of collection or use of him (depending on what has happened previously).
Talk consented to receive sales invoices electronically.
Electronic invoicing will be made available in pdf format in tab on the website. my account
In there is supply you in confirmation of dispatch of the availability of the invoice, we will inform by electronic means.
Further information on the electronic invoices and instructions for receiving copies can be found on our side of the paper tab aid.
We that sales of products solely for the quantities corresponding to the demands of ordinary we typowemu household.
This applies to both the quantities ordered within a single contract, as well as in a number of orders placed on the same product, where a single contract do not cover the typical of normal household.
3 a right of withdrawal within 14 days, off the right of withdrawal and our voluntary return, under warranty guarantee powers
Information almost withdrawal
Laws the right of withdrawal
You have the right of withdrawal from the contract without giving any reason within 14 days from the date of receipt by you or indicated by you person (other than carrier) acquired goods (or the last item, lot or part of the goods if the contract covers several lots or part of the supplied separately) or from the date of conclusion of the agreement, in the case of services or digital content, which are not delivered in a durable medium (e.g.
On cd or dvd).
You should tell us (amazon eu sarl, 38 avenue john f.
L-1855 kennedy, luxembourg) of the decision withdraw from a contract.
Statement waiver can make in accordance the instructions in our recovery centre, using it forms made available online, making contact with us or using a standard form available here.
Where the through recovery centre immediately recount to you (e.g.
E-mail) confirmation receipt of the declaration of withdrawal.
Date departure is deemed to be met if the statement by the use of the right of withdrawal has been sent before the deadline for departure, and the return of goods through our recovery centre has been made in due time. online below
In order to obtain additional information on the scope and content of these rights and instructions on how to execute it please contact with operating a client.
Effects of withdrawal
For withdraw from the contract we return all payments received from you bought the goods and we will return with all the supply charges at the rate offered by the us for the cheapest way of delivery.
Repayment will be made without undue delay and, except in cases described below, no later than within 14 days from the date of receipt by the us your statements of withdrawal.
Unless you in an unambiguous way payment, repayment of other will be done at using the same method payments, which has been used for the original transaction.
Regardless, you're not charged in connection with the reimbursement of any charges.
Cease repayment measures until we can reimbursement of goods or to provide proof of their references, depending on what comes first.
Reference goods should take place in accordance with instructions available in our recovery centre online, at the latest within 14 days from the date of us statements of withdrawal.
Consignment feedback is free.
Can be responsible for reducing the value of products returned as a result of using them (with the exception of benefit to the extent necessary to determine the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods).
Off the right of withdrawal
The right of withdrawal is not or, where appropriate, expired in the case contracts for:
Supply of goods, which are not suitable for return on grounds under the rules of health protection or hygiene, if, after delivery opened and goods that sealed packaging of the product due to its nature were upon their arrival at the inseparably mixed with other things.
Provide sound, visual or computer programs in sealed packages, if, after their arrival at was opening of the packet;
Delivery produced according to the specifications provided by the customer nieprefabrykowanych or clearly adapted to its personalised needs;
Delivery of short time limit and highly rapidly deteriorated;
Service if it was fully carried out by the amazon (e.g.
For of use music) if before placing orders amazon mp3 and unambiguously, that you did you confirm we start the service and that no you have the right of withdrawal after its complete implementation;
Provide digital content (including software applications, digital mp3 files, etc.), e-booków
Which are not delivered in a durable medium (e.g.
Ramp cd or dvd), if your consent before the contract and unambiguously wyraziłeś did you confirm that we can start providing content and that, once the content delivery don't you have the right of withdrawal;
Provide newspapers, periodical or magazine with the exception of agreements subscriptions; and
Provide alcoholic beverages, the price of which was agreed at the time of conclusion of the contract, where delivery can take place sales only after 30 days, and the real value depends on fluctuations in the market, on which we have no control.
End of information about the right to withdraw
Guarantee voluntary return
In addition to the rights of those grants you following voluntary statutory, amazon guarantees on:
Amazon sarl products sold by the eu can be returned to the amazon eu within 30 days following their receipt sarl, unless they apply none of the exemptions, and if they are complete and can be found in the same state in which they were at the time of their receipt.
More information on this can be found here.
Return products should be carried out by recovery centre online.
This voluntary guarantee reimbursement shall not apply to digital products and software which is not provided in a durable medium (e.g.
On cd or dvd).
If dokonujesz products under this guarantees on voluntary return, we will pay you paid the purchase price and the cost of supply of your original contract.
You bear the risks inherent in a turning point.
Consignment feedback is free.
This guarantee of return is without prejudice to powers you, under the laws.
Therefore it is without prejudice to the right of withdrawal, which was you enjoyed described above.
Details reimbursement and descriptions of the examples situation are here.
Powers under warranty:
In addition to our 30 days, under the rights resulting from the guarantees on warranty, you may require repair or replacement of goods purchased on the amazon, if such goods have disadvantages.
You are also entitled lower purchase price or withdraw from the contract require on the basis of relevant legislation.
Under warranty, amazon bears responsibility for the products identified in the period of two years from the defects of providing them.
If stuff that was delivered in providing you, you're supposed to supplementary reimbursement delivered you originally commodity at our expense within 30 days.
Return defective goods, must be paid in accordance with the rules of law.
Amazon reserves the right to claim compensation on the principles resulting from the provisions.
For second-hand warranty period is one year after the delivery of the product.
Further information on the conditions are present in the terms and conditions for reimbursement. warranty
4 the
All prices are given, taking into account the vat at the rate.
Despite our best efforts, there is a risk that in the case of a limited number of articles shown in our catalogue their prices could be given in an irregular manner.
When performing the contract before your from you payment of the price. we verify regularity
If it appears that on our side there was an error, a normal price of the product is significantly higher than prices given on the website and the price difference is clearly a mistake price (which can be easily by mistake you), we shall return to you noticed before the dispatch of whether you will purchase the product for normal price, or in order to inform you of the cancellation of your contract.
If severe price of the product is lower than indicated by the us prices, lower amount and we'll send you product. naliczymy
5 supply
Unless otherwise agreed, will be delivered to the designated by you delivery address.
On our side, you will find information concerning the availability of products sold by amazon (e.g.
On the detailed product).
We that any information on the availability of dispatch or supply of the product are only indicative, contain estimates, which are not binding or guaranteed or delivery unless in terms of dispatch options explicitly stated otherwise dispatch.
If when performing the contract are not available carried out for product, you can see we will inform you about it in a separate e-mail or through the centre of the notifications.
This situation will have no impact on your laws of law.
If we can not provide goods to you, because the goods is not located in your front door, the front door or on the staircase building, or because of your absence into indicated by you at despite sufficiently in advance information on the planned transfer you delivery date, you will be charged at the expense of a delivery.
6 duty
Questions amazon in products from the place of delivery outside the european union can be obliged to pay the import duties and taxes which are levied once consignment to indicated destination.
You also bear any additional costs of customs clearance, for which the costs we have no influence.
Policies duty in force in the individual countries may vary considerably.
In order to obtain additional information you should contact their local customs office.
Also order the amazon, you're regarded as when the importer and you're required to discharge any formalities laws in force in the country in which you receive products.
Przywiązujący as a great importance to the privacy customers that we are keeping our international consignment cross-border can be opened or controlled by the customs authorities.
7 procurement mode 1-click
Function 1-click the fastest and easiest way safe procurement in the amazon.
Accessible preshared or if you use a computer, we do recommend feature is the absence of the device. 1-click
8 warranty on products sold by the amazon and limitation of liability
In addition to our 30 days, under the rights resulting from the guarantees on warranty, you may require repair or replacement of goods purchased on the amazon, if such goods have disadvantages.
You are also entitled lower purchase price or withdraw from the contract require on the basis of relevant legislation.
Under warranty amazon bears responsibility for the products found during two years after the birth of providing them.
If stuff that was delivered in providing you, you're supposed to supplementary reimbursement delivered you originally commodity at our expense within 30 days.
Return defective goods, must be paid in accordance with the rules of law.
Amazon reserves the right to claim compensation on the basis of arising from laws.
For second-hand warranty period is one year after the delivery of the product.
Further information on the conditions are present in the terms and conditions for reimbursement. warranty
Are making efforts to preserve the professional standards service offered our customers.
Nevertheless does not have a responsibility in case of delay implementation of our contractual obligations or their infringement if delay or breach occurred as a result of force majeure.
We all means at our disposal in order to perform services subject to these sales conditions.
In situation to use the website or the conclusion of the contract of sale between you and us, we are responsible for injury, the occurrence of which is reasonably foreseeable (normal consequences act or omission).
In cooperation with professionals (business) no liability for the loss of profits, we are, loss of data or for other loss of orders indirect damage, which none of the parties could not foresee at the time of the conclusion of between us sales contract products.
Indicated above the limitation of liability does not apply in the case of fraud or gross negligence, for our part, in a situation in which there has been an injury, and in relation to responsibility created on the basis of products as well as in the case of the defective nature of products by legal and it does not comply with the specification (including hidden defects).
9 applicable law
These conditions is subject to law grand duchy of luxembourg and in accordance with it should be interpreted and applied the provisions of the united nations convention on the agreements international sales of goods is hereby explicitly excluded.
Both succumbed to the city of luxembourg, jurisdiction non-exclusive which means that for the rights of those on the basis of legislation on consumer protection in this respect these conditions you can bring an action before the court of sales in luxembourg or in the eu country in which the zamieszkujesz.
10 amending the conditions of sale
So we reserve the right to carry out at any time change our website, as well as the content of our principles and conditions, including sales of these conditions.
Apply you will terms and conditions of, including the conditions of sale, as in force at the time of by you orders for products, unless they change data conditions, rules or these conditions sales will be required under the provisions of the law or by the competent authorities (in which case they change it may also include orders placed by you at an earlier date).
If any provision in these conditions of sales will be declared null and void, ineffective or impracticable for any reason, it will be regarded as separable other terms of, and will not result in effect on the validity or of any other feasibility of its provisions.
11 waiver
In the absence of a us action in response to your breach of these conditions, the right to benefit from any sale of keeping our own rights and legal remedies in the event of any other violation by you these sales conditions.
12 adolescents
Sold by the us products are not intended for the purchase by adolescents.
Sold by the us products for children are intended for the purchase by adults.
Persons under the age of 18 may benefit from the only under the supervision of parent or guardian. Amazon.pl
13 our details
Our contact details are as follows:
Amazon eu sarl,
Société à responsabilité limitée
38 avenue john f.
Kennedy
L-1855 luxembourg
Capital: 125.
000
The registered in luxembourg
Entered in a register in luxembourg (rcs) under number: B-101818
In its business licence no: 134248
The vat identification number in luxembourg: lu 20260743.
Registered national branch:
Amazon eu sarl limited company branch in poland
Ul.
Goods 28
00-839 warszawa
Entered in the register kept by the district court for m. przesiębiorców
St.
Warsaw in warsaw, xii department under economic no KRS 0000827545
Nip 1080023913
Person representing foreign trader ward: james Stefański
If this information is helpful?
So
Not
‹ all subjects aid
Legal information
Conditions of use and conditions for service Amazon.pl
Information on privacy Amazon.pl
A non-exhaustive list of patents and amazon licensed patents
How to provide electronic services
Quick solutions
Your contract
Your contract
Herring or cancel orders
Returns products and costs
Returns products and costs
Return or name products
Settings payments
Settings payments
Add or modify the method of payment
Account settings
Account settings
Change the login data and / or address
Prime
Prime
Contact us
