This translation describes only for convenience; in the case of any non-compliance is english version.
The conditions for using services published: 17 april 2018 dropbox
Is from: 25 may 2018.
Our previous conditions for the use of services can be found here.
Thanks for the use of dropbox!
Conditions for the use of services (" the conditions ") shall be your access to our services, software and internet sites (" services " klienckiego) and the use of them.
If you're living outside the united states of america, canada and mexico (" north america "), your contract is with international company, but if you live dropbox unlimited in north america, your agreement is concluded, inc., dropbox
Privacy explains how our policy shall be collected and used information, while our rules lay down your duties when using an acceptable use our services.
By using our services you agree on compliance with the conditions, of our privacy policy and the principles of an acceptable use.
When using our services for the organisation, you agreed to these conditions, on behalf of the organisation.
Materials user and of the licence
When using our services us things such as the files, the content of the dostarczasz, news, contacts, etc. ("
Your material ").
Your materials belong to you.
These conditions do not give us any rights to your materials except for limited rights that allow us to provide the service.
Need your permission to carry out such operations as keeping your materials our servers, the creation of their backup and making them available when us you ever asked.
Our services also functions such as photos, documents, comment on the thumbnails preview, editing, sharing and easy sorting the search.
These and other functions may require that our systems received access to your materials, so that they can keep them and scan.
Bringeth permission to carry out these activities, and such authorisation extends to our bodies associated and third parties, we are working with trusted.
Release of the user.
Our services allow made available, so you must think hard about your other materials, what you want to share.
The user
Responsible (a) for your behavior.
Your materials and you alone (a) you must abide by our principles acceptable use.
The content of services can be protected by intellectual property rights of others.
None not, do not download or do not make available the contents of the przesyłaj, unless you've got the right.
We have the right to verify your behavior and your content for compliance with our principles acceptable use.
, Nevertheless, we have no obligation to do this.
Not bear responsibility for the content of other persons published and made available via the service.
Help in providing the information and protect your material.
Secure your password to services and keep that information concerning your account is up to date.
Their statements to account or do not make available don't give right of access to accounts to others.
, You can use our services in a manner permitted by applicable law, including rules and regulations for the control of exports.
In order to benefit from our services must have at least 13 years, and in some cases, even more.
If you live in france, germany or the netherlands, you must have at least 16 years.
Check local rules on consent digital age.
If not you meet those requirements, you can't use the services of age.
Software
Some of our services allow collection (" software ") client software, which may update automatically.
As long as these conditions, we give you abide by the restricted, an inalienable, a licence to use odwołalną niewyłączną solely for the purpose of software access to the service.
In insofar as any software component may be offered under the licence open source, you this license, and the provisions of that we can unlock a licence may replace some of these clearly conditions.
Provided that the following restrictions are not prohibited by law, the user agrees not to submit a engineering or services do not attempt to those backward dekompilować nor anyone to help in the implementation of actions of such activity.
Services beta
Once in a while we products and functions, which we still and we see.
This service is marked as beta preview, early access or evaluation (or with the assistance words or phrases of similar importance) and they may not be as reliable as the other services-what we ask to take into account dropbox.
Our materials
Services are protected by copyright, trademarks and other rights usa and foreign.
These conditions do not give you any rights, or shares of the services, other people's titles content of services, trade mark, its logo and other characteristics of the brand dropbox.
Your advice is welcome, but remember, that we can use their comments and suggestions without any obligations relating to the user.
Copyright
Respect intellectual property of other and we ask the same thing.
Reacting to notice of the alleged infringement of copyright, if they are in accordance with the law.
Such notification should be drawn up on the basis of our policy of copyright.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to erasure or blocking content presumably copyright and the closure of the accounts of infringing which repeatedly infringed those rights.
Below are the our agent designated to receive notifications of the alleged infringement of copyright for services:
Copyright agent
Dropbox, inc.
333 Brannan street
San francisco, ca 94107
Copyright @ dropbox.com
Accounts payable
Payments.
Can increase disk space and add paid to his account (turning their functions account on account "). " paid
Automatically obciążymy you, from the date of transition to account and on the day of each interim recovery paid until the date of the cancellation.
If you have a tariff annual in due time we'll send you by e-mail a reminder of the impending renewal of tariffs.
Responsible (a) for all due taxes, and we them, where this is required. naliczamy
In some countries there are mandatory provisions concerning the right to cancellation, and local this paragraph shall not invalidate these rights.
Without reimbursement.
At any time you can still cancel account paid dropbox.
Reimbursed only where this is required by law.
Users living, for example, in the european union are entitled to the cancellation account within 14 days of paid subscription assumptions such accounts, tariffs on account paid or renew the account.
Any switch at a lower rate.
Your account will be active until its cancellation or payable closure in accordance with these conditions.
If you don't pay for account paid in time, then we reserve the right to suspend or reduce it to the size of which is kontom disk space free.
Change.
Can change amounts of fees, but we will inform you in advance of any such changes via the message sent on e-mail address related to account.
Teams dropbox
E-mail address.
Dropbox account if you using delivered by your organisation e-mail address, that organisation may be able to block the use of until you go to the dropbox in the band (e.g. dropbox
Under tariffs or business enterprise) or dropbox dropbox personal e-mail account powiążesz dropbox.
Using teams dropbox.
If join the team, you have to use it in accordance with the dropbox principles and policies of your organization.
Remember that account teams are controlled organisation. dropbox
Administrators may have access to information and may disclose, restrict or remove the information contained in account team dropbox.
They may also restrict or pick up access to accounts team dropbox.
After przekonwertowaniu existing accounts within the team on account dropbox administrators may prevent subsequent separation of your account dropbox from accounts team dropbox.
The termination of the use of a service
You free choice to stop using all our services at any time.
So we reserve the right to suspend or blocking access to the services subject to the notification, your if: (a) naruszysz this; (b) you benefit from special services in a manner causing real risk of injury or loss by us or other users or (c) without account paid, you give up the service we continuously for 12 months.
Notification we'll send you in advance for e-mail address associated with your account, enabling action that led to the failure to our contact with you, and giving the possibility of export of our services. your materials
If following such notification is not you that steps said, access to the services or we'll hang your block.
Not report you before the access if: (a) substantially naruszysz, (b) that impose these conditions on us legal commitments or adversely affecting the our ability to provide services to other users or (c) it is legally prohibited.
Completion of service
Can decide to terminate the service in response to unforeseen circumstances beyond the control of dropbox or due to the necessity to meet the legal requirement.
In such a case report in a timely manner in order to allow you your materials with our systems. wyeksportowanie
If we conclude service in this way before the expiry of any permanent or for which the minimum time we (15.), we will return with you paid part of the fees, which have been paid in advance, but for which did not (15.) services.
Services " such as they are "
Trying to provide the best service, but there are some things that can not be guaranteed.
Fully permitted by the law and its operators, suppliers and associated dropbox distributors do not provide any guarantee clear or, in respect of services provided implicit.
The service is provided " such as they are. "
We abandon any guarantee commercial value, suitability for any purpose and integrity.
In some countries, these exemptions responsibility are not permitted-in this case, do not apply.
The limitation of liability
Nor we do not rule out our responsibilities in cases where this would be incompatible with the law-this includes responsibility for fraud or be misled by or his conscious entities associated during the provision of services dropbox.
In countries in which the following types are not allowed, exclusions our responsibility is limited to the loss and damage which are foreseeable the result of our investigations without respect legitimate precautions and skills or our breach of contract.
This paragraph shall not affect the consumer rights, which can not be renounced or reduced any contract.
In countries in which they are permitted elimination or reduction of responsibility, its operators, suppliers or associated dropbox distributors are not responsible for: and.
Any indirect losses deliberate, accidental or resulting or punitive damages examples of or ii.
Any loss of entitlement to use data contracts or profits, regardless of the legal basis.
These elimination or reduction of regardless of whether or not apply or its operators were informed of the associated dropbox for the possibility of such losses.
When using services for commercial purposes, business or resale, its operators, suppliers or associated dropbox distributors do not correspond to before you for any loss of profit, loss of contracts, interruption in business or the loss of commercial opportunities.
Dropbox and its entities associated are not liable for behavior-on the internet or beside him, any user of services.
Outside types, which can not be reduced in the light of the liability law (as described in this section), our responsibility is limited to the amount of usd 20 or 100 % of any amount paid by you under the current tariff service, depending on which of the dropbox these two amounts is higher.
Settlement of disputes
Try first reach an agreement.
We want to respond to your concerns without the need to raise matters at the level of. formalno-prawnej
Before submission of the application against consent to try to resolve the dispute dropbox talk informally, making contact with us at the following address: dispute-notice @ dropbox.com.
We try to settle the dispute informally and by e-mail.
If dispute is not resolved within 15 days from the date of the request, you have the power to open a formal investigation against dropbox.
Forum legal disputes.
Dropbox wyrażacie consent, you and that any judicial proceedings in order to address claims for these conditions will be addressed to the federal or state courts county of san francisco, california, subject to the mandatory rules of arbitration below.
Dropbox wyrażacie you and agreed to jurisdiction partnership and local such courts.
If you live in the country (e.g.
In one of the member states of the european union), which provisions allow consumers authority to settle disputes before the court of local, this paragraph shall not affect those requirements.
Resident if you are the united states, in addition to mandatory arbitrage agreed to talk:
Consent of both parties to arbitration.
You dropbox agree and resolve any claims linked to these conditions or services by the final and binding arbitration conducted by an arbitrator except the cases referred to in section exceptions from the arbitration.
Includes related to the interpretation or application of disputes arising and of this section concerning compulsory, including its feasibility, arbitrage or date. revocability
Surrender of arbitration.
Reject this agreement for arbitration by clicking here and sending form within 30 days of the original registration resignation account.
But if you accepted (15.) earlier version of this conditions to dispense with arbitration shall remain your previous decision to opt out or the lack thereof.
Arbitration procedures.
American arbitration association (aaa) will lead the arbitration procedure on the basis of their rules and procedures relating to consumer disputes supporting commercial arbitration.
Arbitration takes place in the united states, in which you live or county, you work in san francisco, california, or in some other place on which agree.
The resulting from the arbitration.
Rules aaa will regulate the height of all charges panels.
Dropbox pay any fees for individual claims by the smaller than arbitrage 75,000 usd.
When receiving an arbitration award, which is more favourable than the tenders that we have tabled in order to settle the claim, we'll pay you 1000 usd in addition to the decision.
Dropbox it will not strive reimbursement for their lawyers, unless an arbitrator considers that cardiac arrest a claim is ridiculous.
Exceptions from the arbitration.
Both you and you may seek redress (if qualify dropbox) at the
Small claims in the county of san francisco, california or any county the united states, where you belong or you work.
Either party may file a suit only on security, to prevent the unauthorised use or abuse claims services, or intellectual property infringement (e.g.
Marks business secrets, copyright or patent rights) without prior to engage in arbitration or informal dispute settlement procedure described above.
If arbitration agreement does not apply to you or your claim, do you agree on the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts state and federal in san francisco, california, in order to settle your claim.
Lack of class actions.
Disputes with us, you can only decide individually and you can't make complaints as a reason or a member of a group class action, consolidated or represented.
Arbitraże collective, class actions, actions representing the interest of collective and with other legal consolidation are not permitted. arbitrażami
If this point will be considered to be impossible to comply with, the whole content of this section on compulsory arbitration shall be considered invalid.
Applicable law
These conditions will be governed by the law of california, with the exception of the legal conflicts.
Yet in some countries (including the countries belonging to the european union), there are provisions according to which the agreement must be local line with current law in the country of the consumer.
This paragraph shall not invalidate any of those provisions.
All contracts
These conditions are all agreement between you and in relation to the conditions and replace the object dropbox any prior or concurrent agreement or the conditions applicable to the subject and have before them first.
These conditions shall not create any rights which the benefit of third parties.
Renunciation clause salwatoryjna and assignments
Dropbox inability to for the implementation of provision is not resignation from the right to enforce it later.
If any provision will prove to be feasible, the other provisions of conditions will remain fully effective and will be determined condition, which will be most faithfully feasible substitute reflect our intention.
You can't carry any rights from these conditions and any such attempts will be invalid.
Dropbox may transfer their rights to any of its affiliated entities or subsidiaries, or to any successor in title in activities related to the service.
Changes
From time to time can update this in order to better reflect the conditions: (a) changes in legislation, (b) the new legal requirements or (c) improve or improvements introduced in our services.
If will affect your use of any updating of the services or your rights as a user of services, we'll notify you of this before the entry into force, by sending a message to update e-mail address associated with your account or by notification within the framework of the product.
Such updated conditions will enter into force at least 30 days from the date of our communication.
If you don't agree on our updates, please closure of account before their entry into force.
In cases where appropriate, we will propose you proportionate reimbursement for services, taking into account the amounts of prepaid closing of the account.
Continue the use of services after the entry into force update is equivalent to the new conditions. acceptance
