This service conditions that were published on 20 january 2016 and apply to all new service users under in accordance with the set out below dates. armour
Other important comments on this policy:
For users, which is located in the eea will apply the additional conditions laid down under disclosure of data in the various countries.
For users based in the eea, to submit an account deletion request, data, data access request, request removal and any other related date inquiries, please use one or more of the following resources.
More info
Users from indonesia, malaysia, philippines, singapore and thailand can click here to see options language and national parties.
More info
The needs of users from turkey is at a separate party distributor turkish http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
More info
For users from japan, our distributor in japan operates a separate web site http: / / www.underarmour.co.jp.
More info
Rules of use
Previous versions under armour terms 2016
Entry into force: sunday, 20 may 2018.
Welcome to under armour.
Passionately approaching the development of innovative products and services that add by people throughout the world.
We are delighted that the state to join our team.
These rules of use is as rules of the game in order to build-created a positive and community for our users. praworządną
Using products and services under armour is synonymous with our consent to all of the following provisions.
Company under armour, inc.
And under armour europe b.
V.,
As well as its subsidiaries and associates, including au Connected, llc (hereinafter together called " fitness armour " or under all forms of " we ") is to be made zaimka, offer a wide range of products and services under the brand under armour, websites and apps covering (" " etc.), Mapmyfitness
Equipment to be worn on the body, equipment and other equipment and the content of the technology related to our physical fitness and wellbeing; our websites and applications to electronic commerce (hereinafter " shops under "); and armour all current and future made available by the us products and digital services, including any products, services and content provided in cooperation with our partners (hereinafter together called " services " * *).
This regulation contains a binding and waiving action block the arbitration clause part 15.
This provision has an impact on the rule of law to the settlement of disputes with its armour and should be under carefully considered.
State decision to keep accounts, gaining access to our services or the use of them (regardless of whether or not wearing or not in our state account) is equivalent to your consent to these rules of procedure and on our privacy policy, which is part of the regulation.
If you do not agree to any part of this state, you can not use our of services.
It should be noted that access to our services or for the defence of them is tantamount to a declaration that you understand that personal data (as defined in privacy policy and content by users (definition) below to appear available by member under one part of the service may then be made available at all under armour and also between other belonging to her services and that the state consent. wyrażacie
It should be noted that in fields located at the top of summaries zacienionych most parts of are given in order to facilitate understanding).
In case of conflict between any part of the regulation, and any of a summary of the rules should be given priority.
Please contact through our team
Aid for questions or suggestions.
1.
Use of a service and user accounts
1.
1 who can benefit from the services under armour
Company under users at any age, but invites armour in order to benefit from the most of our service, you must have completed at least 13 years, and at least 18 years of age, in order to benefit from the shops under armour.
Must be at least 18 years of age, in order to benefit from shops under (unless otherwise specified in the armour section conditions applicable international across jurisdictions).
Users aged 13 to 18 years of age may benefit from other services (with the exception of shops) only with the consent under armour parent or guardian and under its supervision.
To persons below the age limits must not be to use the facilities, available under armour of their personal data or in any other way to send their personal data (e.g.
Name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) via the services.
1.
2 the account
Access services may be associated with the need to the creation of a user accounts under armour.
Is very important that the information related to the state account user are accurate and up-to-date (especially the e-mail address where forget state, e-mail address is often the current passwords and the only way we can confirm the identity and help you regain access to accounts).
To gain access to certain services or their use may be associated with the creation of a user accounts under armour need to.
Such account may also automatically give access to benefit from any new services.
During account creation in any of our service, you must give us accurate and complete information, in accordance with instructions while creating accounts and registration and wyświetlanymi also take care that the information to be valid.
Otherwise, some of our services may not work properly, and we will not be able contact the member in important matters.
You observe the confidentiality of any activities that have taken place during the use of it, and to the immediate notification of our team
Assistance in case of suspected or certainty of loss, theft or unauthorised use of user accounts or to him. password
Not are responsible for any losses incurred as a result of unauthorised use of the user name and password.
Concerns in the european union: you have the right to remove his account.
To do this, you must contact with our team for
Aid.
If decide to state permanently remove her account classified personal data which of you account will also be deleted. powiązaliśmy
1.
3 updates, changes and restrictions services
Our services are constantly developing.
Together with the implementation of new products, services and the functions must have the flexibility amend, impose restrictions, and sometimes suspending or certain services. withdrawal
Services may not work properly, if not the state which to them we update's installed.
Services are subject to frequent changes and their form and functionality may vary without prior notification.
Can provide updates (including automatic updates) certain services, if and when we deem it appropriate.
This may include improvements modifications, repair, and any other amendments errors patches or the introduction of new functions (hereinafter together called " updates ").
Some parts of our services may not work correctly, if not the state all update. zainstalują
State acknowledge and you agree, you accept that service may not work very well, if not for such updates, as well as the state zezwolicie clearly state agreed to automatic updates. wyrażacie
Also that you express consent rules (and any additional changes to him placed) was also applicable to all updating our services.
Anytime can amend the one or all of the services, suspend or completely put an end to their offer.
It can also refer to the availability of all products, functions, databases or content.
Also do not have any obligation to introduce nor continue to offer of a update within either of the services.
Can also without any notification and unbound restrictions imposed on certain services or limit the access to some or all of the services.
1.
4 monitoring and the suspension of services
So we reserve the right to refuse to service any persons and to monitor, withdrawal or suspension of the user accounts or access to services, at any time.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to monitor-but we don't have such an obligation-all accounts or actions which are in any way related to services (including inviting other users to community or group of) as well as to monitor this, as to how users shall make use of personal data and profiles and how other users that they gain access to this information.
Anytime we can also disable, suspend or close the user account or state access to certain services: (1) if we find as we sole discretion, that is or there has been an infringement of directly or indirectly (which was stressed in our guidelines), (2) if the user communities beforehand, according to our sole discretion, that there is a or may be incurred legal risks for under armour, society or any third party or any user services (3) in response to a request of law enforcement authorities or other government agencies (4) in the case of terminate or significant changes to the one of the services or (5) in the case of unexpected difficulties and technical problems.
We will make every effort to notify the member by e-mail or at the next attempt to access their accounts in its, suspension or closure. deactivation
1.
5 security
If you believe that someone broke in on your account or breached its safety, immediately inform us.
The safety of our users is very important to us.
Although we have made every effort to ensure the security of a state of personal data, content to appear by users and user account, it can not guarantee that unauthorised third parties can not defeat our security.
Please immediately notified to our team
Aid actual or suspected infringements security or attempts to access to state account or of its unauthorised use.
Account.
2.
Property content and their use
2.
1 definitions
Content that everything is displayed on the screen when the benefit of our services.
Content included by users are created by the state and other content users, and it's all other content. content au
For purpose of this regulation (i) " content " means any form of information or manifestations of which may be generated, creative expression to appear or otherwise made available in services or through them and shall include in particular videos, audio, photos, paintings, pictures, animations, tools, ideas, text messages, replies, " like it, " comments software, scripts, executables, graphics, map, route, geographic data, coaching and data on training, biometric data and the data elements developed on the basis of plans, information on the training, information on nutrition, sleep, notes the functions interactive, copyright, projects trademarks, service, branding, and other similar assets, patents, logos sounds, applications and any intellectual property which is a part of them; (ii) * " content by the users ' means any content to appear reported, sent or otherwise made available to or using services; and (iii) " content au " means any content other than content by users. zamieszczanymi
2.
Property 2
Content that you create, there are countries owned, while the text that we create, are our property.
All content and any copyright, au marks, design rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights (registered and) related to belong to services which are not registered under or its partners, or other relevant actors armour outside.
Each user retains title, responsibility and / or other appropriate rights to created by yourself content by users, but grants under armour to appear licence these by users, as explained to appear content in the following part 2.
5.
Company under armour and / or its partners, or third parties retain ownership, responsibility and / or other appropriate rights to all the content of the au.
Nothing shall rule of law and licences for the use of any content, including content owned au our partners or other external actors or controlled by them, except clearly defined in this regulation.
Zobowiązujecie you not replicate, no, no, no, to publish the display does not modify or not to create works of materials presented via the services, derivatives unless member for this special written consent from you will achieve under armour.
2.
3 licence granted you by us
You can obtain access to the content and services and to use them. au
Are making efforts to provide our users experience, we call for an respect our great intellectual property rights and the use of services and the content of the au only for the purpose for which they are intended.
This also includes underspending content or for commercial purposes of services au without our consent.
Interfaces software applications (api) we have and other tools, which you can use to develop their own applications and products.
Contact us if you want to find out more details.
Subject to compliance with this regulation, we are to limited cancellable personal, transfer and the law and we are not non-exclusive of such a licence in gaining access to services and content au to own personal and non-commercial purposes and using them, with the exception that you will not copy, adjusted to create works subsidiaries, not to source code, sell, allocate, to further licences, grant rights to collateral, transferred or in any other way use any right to the content or the services of the au.
2.
4 guidelines permissible
- 2.
4.
1 the content of the au.
Undertake state not adjusted, not, not rent don't give in rental, not wypożyczać sell and protect software contained in the services or any content au offered by the services (other than content by users), in its entirety to appear or in part, nor does it create works on the basis of services subsidiaries contained in software or any content services offered by the services, with the exception of the au situation where this is explicitly allowed by relevant legislation or permitted by under armour.
Must not be collected or write unless copy content au (and) this is clearly allowed in view of the functionality of certain services (e.g.
Map printable) under specific guidance or additional conditions applicable to these services or where (ii) they will be used exclusively for personal use or documentation purposes.
- 2.
4.
2 use of services for commercial purposes.
Except certain products and services provided through the internet sites of brand under armour and certain widgets made available as a tool to websites (hereinafter together called " owners tools '), commercial services are intended solely for personal non-commercial use.
Must not use the services (other than some commercial tools) for the purpose of selling products or services, increasing the views of its website or website an external body for commercial purposes such as the sale advertising, or to any other action aimed at obtaining revenues.
Must not be e.g.
Change format and display search results in services or copy our of the main parties or pages of results and put them in the state's website.
Must not be our services using meta search engines also search.
To call on the services for commercial purposes in a different way than using tools commercial, you must have a contract in this respect. conclude with
More information on the tools commercial contains portal for our developers.
Using tools commercial and adopt rules of procedure and any other state support additional provisions applicable to those selected services.
- 2.
4.
3 creation of links to the services.
Included if you want links to our services in member's website or an application, should comply with the following rules: (i) any link to the services must be clearly marked " format only text under " (without the use of any other armour trademarks, logo, copyright or any other intellectual property belonging to or under controlled by it) or any other armour format required by under; (ii), the location of the appearance of the armour whether other features link can not harm or value of the company associated with our brands; detract from (iii) name must indicate the domain name services, the main link not names of other persons in services; (iv) appearance, the location and other characteristics shall not constitute a link pretend to the undertaking or entity are financed by under armour, are or are related to it its affiliates; (v) by clicking on the link must display services in full screen, not in the window on the website or in service, in which there is a link and (vi) the company under armour reserves the right to withdraw their consent for the insertion link at any time and at
2.
5 licence granted by the us
If place content associated with the services, the content of those you belong to the state; we are, however, the authorisation to use the content in relation to our services and the sharing of the content of the other.
Can edit or remove the content of our services at any time and for any reason.
Should not be published any content, which do not belong to the state or to the publication of which you do not have permission.
When communicate to the state under armour content by users through services to appear under armour and you must admit our users, irrevocable, free of charge, subject to dispose of non-exclusive and to provide for the possibility of granting further licences, existing worldwide right and grant such a licence in respect of exploitation, storage, saving the cache hostowania, duplication, publishing, display (or otherwise), reproducing publicly (or otherwise) publicly, dissemination, transfer, modification, (including, in particular in adapting to bring them into networks, equipment, services or any requirements of the media, through which services are made available), the creation of subsidiaries and the use of the works komercjalizowania otherwise such content by users in view of any services to appear.
Confirm state and agree that: (a) have the right to determine place display content to appear by users as we please; (b) under armour is not obliged to in any way determine state as a person these content, however, if the under armour zamieszczającej decides to state determined on the size and location of such indications as we please, and we decide you are not entitled to receive © from us any remuneration or other forms of payment in connection with the use of the communicated by the member to appear content by users.
Rights granted under this licence are designed to enable action under armour and enable the use of services to other users in accordance with their capability, improve services and create new ones.
Anyhow will not be used by the users in a way incompatible with content to appear privacy settings laid down by the member to our services.
Information on the management settings can be found in our privacy in services privacy policy.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to monitor, disposal and modify the content to appear by users for any reason and at any time; this is also the content by users, which we believe to appear violate the terms of this regulation, the guidelines for the community users or our policies.
Zobowiązujecie you to respect intellectual property rights of others.
Oświadczacie and that you have all the necessary state you promise law to provide this licence all content armour under by users, which zamieszczacie state to appear in connection with the services, and the state of the responsibility for any infringement of the us zwalniacie this statement and guarantees.
2.
6 recommendations
If udostępniacie us personal data of other persons, you must first obtain their agreement.
We hope that the good you benefit from our services and, to tell you about that we encourage their friends.
Should you decide to use the available to our services functions of our offer, then we inform friend member to give us an e-mail address a friend or his profile on social media.
Information we can then use in order to inform the person concerned about our services.
Can for some time to keep the information given us, but they will not be made public.
States gwarantujecie and that you are the state to provide any information contact entitled third parties which we state as recommendations and we tell you of the responsibility for any infringements of zwalniacie that statement and guarantees.
2.
7 store content
Please remember that once the something on the internet the removal of all copies of this element of the public in the future becomes virtually impossible.
After erasure member or by any member which accounts by users of our content to appear services, we can keep the content to appear by users for a reasonable time, as a backup files for commercially or audit, and if it's objectives archives in any other way required or permitted by law.
Under furthermore, the company and its users may retain and armour still use, store, display, or made available, adjusted to create, play and disseminate any member works related content by users, which in a different way to appear stored or via the services available
Therefore please note that the licence for the content to appear shall remain in force, even by the users when they cease to state benefit from services.
Other users can comment on publicly available from the member posts, which makes member content become part of the conversation available for the entire community.
For more information, please read our privacy policy.
2.
8 content to appear by users and qualification criteria for membership in certain sports organisations
What is happening on the internet, may entail consequences in the real world.
Some sport organisations have rules on the eligibility criteria, which may relate to and amatorstwa also release content by users in our services, whether or not to appear if you think are of a non-commercial nature.
Your responsibility is to determine whether in terms of access to such content to our services will state the opportunity to participate in any sport, in accordance with any relevant rules of any sport organisation.
2.
9 the feedback
Appreciate member feedback and often benefit from your suggestions to improve under armour and support users worldwide.
Thank you, and we are awaiting further ideas.
If you decide send us comment, their ideas or opinion, this should be done through our feedback internet site to for ideas.
We thus that you express consent to any use by us these ideas without any restrictions or having to pay remuneration on your thing.
Assuming sent by the member ideas under not renounces the rights to use any armour similar or related feedback known before under developed by our workers or mobilised armour from sources other than you.
Certify and ensure that the information or the feedback sent via the services are not confidential information or reserved.
3.
Guidelines for the community users
3.
1 areas interaction
Our services often contain social functions.
When place state through these functions, the content of the content of may become publicly available.
Can, even though we don't always, to monitor our social, definitively it functions are responsible for their interaction with other users.
Please have common sense and also be fair.
Some of our services may contain reviews, discussion forums, the interactive, blogs or any other areas or social functions that allow interaction and other users to provide content to with each other by users and come to appear in interaction (" "). areas interaction
You are solely responsible for the use of areas interaction and any made available by yourself content by users, including to appear for the transmission of, the accuracy and completeness of to appear by users.
Confirm state understanding that due to the fact that the interaction are often available to the public, including users may become and content to appear by remain available to the public.
Therefore should not be placed any personal data in the area of interaction.
We have the right, although we do not have the obligation to monitor our social functions.
You are solely responsible for their interaction with other users, both on the internet, as well as in face-to-face situations; this applies in particular comments, challenges and friendly competition.
Not bear any liability for any loss or damage resulting from the interaction with other users subscribing to services, those services or those who through poznanymi will state through in services or through them zamieszczanym content.
Under armour is not obliged to engage and excludes any responsibility associated with any disputes between the users and the armour from any liability resulting from zwalniacie under such dispute or in connection with such a dispute.
3.
2 guidelines for community users
Our services are intended to be safe and support to help you environment in achieving its objectives regarding the fitness and well-being.
You can't use our services to throw materials, other, sending messages of inadequate harassment, violations of intellectual property rights or other spam improper behaviour.
Behaving responsibly and should act responsibly.
Our services are aimed at creating a safe and supporting community for all users.
In order to maintain safe and positive atmosphere in this environment, we demand from all accept and comply with certain principles (" guidelines ") in user communities by users and during the use of content to appear services.
Our community guidelines are based in many cases, on the basis of the applicable law.
Undermine our community guidelines for state may expose criminal charges and civil liability.
Using services confirm that originating from a member state, content and the use of services by users to appear, including, inter alia, areas of interaction, do not infringe the guidelines for the user communities.
So we reserve the right to receive you access to services in infringements of the guidelines on the user communities.
Prohibition of publishing inappropriate content.
Posting should not be content to to stalking, intimidation, which make the pain, are offensive or so embarrassing for other afflict the members of the community.
Prohibited derogatory remarks are about gender, gender identity, age, weight or physique, disability, ethnic origin, religion or sexual orientation, and to promote violence against any person or a group of persons, whether or not a light-hearted tone.
This includes speech on any group of people or stereotypical communities.
Posting must not be content has,, a pornographic, disrespect, oszczerczym obscenicznym, or materials having a full of hatred podżegającym erotic.
May state with respect to disagree with some news, post or theme, but please do not attack other users, with them or their. taunting znieważając
If attack member, and the country is another user, you may incur the same zrewanżują consequences.
Driving activities such as " hijacking " (not on), littering threads speeches and " " (provoking the fighting trollowanie flame-baiting). website
If you are involved in our forums, please keep to the topic in existing and new threads in the appropriate forums to assume threads.
The talks in a thread to issues bringing irrelevant is considered action type " " hijacking.
Includes entries who provoke or are intended to incitement.
Dangerous slimming or of banning the promotion techniques stimulus.
Recourse to the services in order to promote, or a dangerously low quantities of food consumed idealizowania is prohibited.
Therefore do not include the following types of content, which can be removed without prior warning:
Content aimed at promoting the potentially dangerous or controversial products or methods, including by supporting the supplements or distributed in the framework of marketing doctors nieprzepisywanych multi-level.
Profiles group messages posts or comments on that promote anorexia bulimia boards or very low calorific diet.
Includes positive comments about anorexia and bulimia nervosa, gut. the case of fasting or przeczyszczania
Photos aimed at idealizowanie extreme thinness.
Prohibition of hurting minors.
Do not benefit from the services in any way that could be for minors (whether for anyone suffered by another).
Prohibition distortion, use or abuse of resources.
Do not affect services or interfere with, inter alia by unauthorised use him, disturbing the, attacks or abuse resources. the use of automated
Prohibition on the dispatch message type. " or " spam wiadomości-śmieci
Must not be sending messages in posts, replies or other type of spam news.
Prohibition posting illegal content.
Must not be supported, or promoted or illegal assist any illegal activities (e.g.
Violence impersonation of another person and misuse of the computer).
Ban solicitation to grant access to personal data.
Nor demand that do not include personal data concerning third parties or received from them, including photographs, names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses or passwords in the areas of interaction.
Ban on public access to private conversation.
E-mail nor must not make publicly available private messages from other users, moderator or administrators.
Prohibition of legal obligations.
Posting content, which must not be any contractual obligations or other legal obligations prejudice against external actors.
Prohibition insertion or false connects. zwodniczych
Posting zwodniczych or must not be false lines.
Connects containing misleading descriptions, this also applies to " source ' posts in fields insertion irregular, set on images and insert links connects misleading advertising for przekierowujących type has been or pop-up (popup window).
Prohibition of violations of intellectual property rights.
There should be respect intellectual property of other.
Posting don't proprietary work or other people without a permit to use their podobizn (under licence or exceptions and limitations of law such as permitted). the
In particular, if you will have reason to believe that the content of the users contained in our services to appear by infringe intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others, please refer to the part of the intellectual property rights / the dmca our rules of procedure.
Prohibition administration for under armour or other entities.
Posting content, which can someone must not be confusing be used for the someone or false present member lining identity or links with other, including under armour.
Account deceive other users or to the creation of a circumvention and a basis for suspension is not allowed permanent ban on the use of services.
Prohibition automatically send questions.
Send should not be any automatic questions for any systems or networks, through which we deliver our services, without the express written consent.
Other.
Posting content must not be anything under containing according to inappropriate, prevent the use of other armour services or may expose under or users at any injury or our armour legal consequences.
Posting content, which may damage must not be or weaken the value associated with brand under armour or our trademarks.
If we find that violate the guidelines for the community users, or otherwise you have violated these rules of procedure, we can take action to tackle this problem, including in particular the cancellation of the to benefit from the services, removing content by users, to take against the state to appear legal acts (in this case, you express consent to that we obtain reimbursement of reasonable and cover legal costs) or disclosure of information by law enforcement authorities.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to enforce these guidelines for community users by or not exercised discretion, while not exclusive they impose on us obligation or contractual obligation to act in any manner.
3.
3 reporting wrong content by users to appear
People present inappropriate content on websites created by the users.
Are making efforts to our community is safe and protected (aid us in that users who respect guidelines for), but you can still user communities onto inappropriate content, before we remove it.
If you will see that any content, please inform us wrong.
Although we demand from our users on compliance with the guidelines and we will reserve the right to community users infringements, we can not ultimately monitoring to ensure that all users will always comply with those guidelines or of this regulation.
If you consider that the content of the set out in our services guidelines for community users either you know violate or suspect someone uses the content to appear in the wrong way by users, please tell your team
Aid.
We have the right, but is not required to browse and take measures or remove any reported by the member content to appear by users.
Understand potwierdzacie and that, once the state access, or any other use of services, you can be exposed to content to appear by users from different sources, and we don't have a responsibility for the accuracy, usability, security, legality, the correctness of the intellectual property rights or associated with such content zamieszczanymi by users.
Not nor we have a responsibility for injury or we hurt you in connection with inappropriate content caused by users or other cases of non-compliance zamieszczanymi by users to our guidelines on the user communities.
4.
Intellectual property / the dmca
Respect for intellectual property rights.
If there is a suspicion of any breach, should be sent e-mail containing all the details of address Connectedfitnessip @ ua.com
If consider that the content to appear by users or content au copyright or trademarks violate within the meaning of law usa or other countries, please tell us about this immediately, using the contact information given in this document.
In line with our policy we are looking at all reported to us the alleged infringement.
Notification suspected infringement, provide the following information:
- Identification of the material being the subject of an infringement;
- Identification of the material constituting the breach, including its location, together with the relevant details, to be able to find him and check exists;
Parties powiadamiającej contact information (hereinafter " "), including notifying party to the name, address, telephone number and e-mail address;
- Statement, that the reporting in good faith, that considers material is not authorised by the owner, his agent or rules of law;
- Statement (submitted under threat of penalty for perjury), that the information contained in the notification are correct and that the reporting is authorised to lodge a complaint on behalf of the owner;
- Manual or electronic signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of the owner of the allegedly violated materials.
Member communication must be signed (either manually or electronically) and addressed as follows:
Agent
Copyright
Apparatus under armour, inc.
1020 hull street
Baltimore, md 21230
Connectedfitnessip @ ua.com
You are to note that the notification will not be valid unless they meet the state all the requirements in this part.
Some of the information given in the notice of infringement may be passed on to the user who posted content allegedly causing the infringement.
In the united states in accordance with paragraph 512 (f) of act any person knowingly false made up the dmca statement that material or activities may constitute a violation of be held liable.
Read the document, in order to obtain more information about www.copyright.gov preparation or replying to notice and / or the dmca / trademark, in order to obtain more document www.uspto.gov information about the right to trade marks.
5.
Links and services of outside bodies
Our services may contain links to services or products outside bodies, such as social media and equipment external actors, interact with such services or products, or be in them available.
In the case of access to the services of outside bodies should be aware that for the use of such services shall apply other rules and privacy.
5.
1 social networks and loginy:
You can allow access to services or login to them through the internet service outside bodies, such as social media and social networks, such as
Facebook and twitter (hereinafter " social networks ").
Can we have that in order to benefit from these member functions and the possibility of their identity, either confirm the rejestrowali to social networking sites in their respective websites logowali operators.
Under this integration, social media services will allow us to access to certain information that you them, and we that kind of information will gave, we will keep them in line with our policy to reveal personal privacy.
Please note that the way in which external actors, including social media services, use, store and on information is regulated only by reveal the policies of these entities and that do not have a responsibility for external practices for privacy or other activities related to any website, or service, which can be activated by external actors in the service.
Apart from that there are responsible for the correctness, nor any information, content, the credibility of the availability of goods, data, opinions, advice or statements within the framework of social networks made available.
Therefore are not liable for any damage and caused or allegedly caused by or in the connection with the use of any such services action based on social networks or not.
5.
2 applications of outside bodies
You access to certain links, applications, contents, services, promotion, offers special or other events or activities outside bodies, (" applications ') through our external actors services.
If you decide to gain access to these applications outside bodies, you may be asked to login and accounts with these applications. zsynchronizowanie member
In no way you are obliged to use any applications outside bodies, access to such applications member and the use of them takes place at risk, and we don't have a state exclusive from this for any liability.
Not we also have a responsibility for correctness, nor any information, content, the credibility of the availability of goods, data, the advice or statements made available in any application external actors.
Therefore are not liable for any damage or take-offs or caused by or in allegedly caused by the use of any such application of external action on the basis of or not.
5.
3 products outside bodies
Access to our services can be obtained from outside bodies or other devices (hereinafter " the products '), and products outside bodies member ability to benefit from specific functions of the services may require purchasing products outside bodies, (e.g.
Meters fitness).
Can recommend, promote or place on the market products referred to partners, but we are not responsible for the purchase or use of any products outside bodies and we can't guarantee that products outside bodies will be compatible with the services or to be free from error.
This does not bear responsibility for all products, including for any external actors outside bodies offered by our partners. products
5.
4 service activities and events of outside bodies
Our services may include able to explore certain services, activities or events (hereinafter " activities '), external actors for gaining access to them or to participate in them.
Qualifies inter alia, we will, in order to obtain under armour site access to information and register in order to participate in voluntary activities outside bodies.
Action external actors are offered and provided by external actors, and not company under armour.
Member presence and participation in activities of outside bodies occurs solely at member risk.
Company armour will not be held responsible for any under an error or omission of any external, including, in particular, if they are the result of either in any way are related to the presence in any activity that participant outside bodies discovered or for which the athlete booked through the use of these services, registered or participation in them, or when they are due to meet either of default by a third party from the provision of services.
Company under armour is not was any action outside bodies. the organizer
6.
Mobile services
We our applications on numerous platforms, however, made available can not guarantee that our applications will be compatible with state devices (yet, if you have any questions or problems tell chapter customer service by).-we
If benefit member of applications, will apply the standard rates for the transmission of data and text messages and for the shop, from which charge state applications.
6.
1 provisions relating to the network operator wireless and equipment
In order to benefit from our application or have access to them, it is compatible device.
We can not guarantee that applications will be compatible with the device or available through it.
Not we toll of certain basic applications; however, the payment of fees may be necessary in order to benefit from application or functions premium.
Besides continue to apply the standard rates of state of the operator for text messages, telephone and data transmission of other services.
6.
2 explicit consent to the use of text messages and mobile
Draw our applications or using them, you express the explicit consent to the driving with a communication on the transaction initiated by member in services or to answer the messages sent via the services in the form of the sms, mms, text messages or other electronic means of transmission aimed at state and for it to give us a automatically using information on the use by the member state the application.
We will not give you the news of a direct marketing without your prior express written consent.
At any time you can decide not to receive from us any news of marketing.
6.
3 licences per application mobile
We restricted to this personal, not subject to sublicencjonowaniu, nieprzenoszalnej non-exclusive licensing of a our application levied odwołalnej directly from authorised shop, only in a file format that building and for captive use only for the purposes of legitimate.
Any code of open source code or entities, which may be included in the external applications, be subject to appropriate authorising the use of such code licencjom of open source or external actors, if applicable. licencjom eula
6.
4 stores with applications
If charge state applications from the applications of our external (hereinafter " the supplier "), you are to application messages and express their consent to the following reservations:
- These rules is an agreement between us and you, and no agreement with the supplier applications.
Contacts between company under a supplier applications, the company under armour armour sole responsibility for their applications;
- The application is not obliged to maintain or to provide any service support in relation to applications under armour;
If application-will not comply with any applicable under armour (i) may notify the warranty supplier applications, and supplier applications can draw your costs for the purchase application (if applicable), (ii) in the maximum laid down by the provisions of the applicable law suppliers will not pose no other application commitment of warranty in relation to the application and (iii) for any other claims, losses, commitments, injury or costs costs associated with the case any failure of the application of an obligation arising from warranty responsibility in accordance with understandings reached between a supplier and applications will bear under armour company under armour;
- Supplier applications is not required to any claim, which may have to consider in connection with applications or possession by member and the use of these applications;
- Where the external finds that application violates intellectual property rights other entity within the framework of relations between the provider of applications and company under armour company under investigation, defence, armour will carry out activities associated with the conclusion settlement and be responsible for meeting the obligation arising from any such claim to the extent required under this regulation;
- The application and its subsidiaries are beneficiaries of this regulation in relation to the external licensing of a applications.
After consent to the content of this regulation, applications will have the right (and supplier, it is considered that he has taken this right) as far as granted to enforce this regulation licence application to the state as a party to the contract; and the niebędącemu
- You must also comply with all the applications concerning the use of the relevant regulations by external actors.
7.
Services paid
If you decide any our extended services, payable to unsubscribe will apply these rules concerning the payment and settlement of.
Paid services and the relevant settlement may be renewed automatically, unless they are by member cancelled.
You can cancel them at any time.
7.
1 conditions for the payment
Versions premium services referred to (hereinafter " services premium ") for nothing. we
By registering and using the services of premium, undertake to comply with the state our rules of procedure and any additional conditions laid down in this document.
You express also agreement to waiver of the right to withdraw from the contract with the 14-day subscribe services within a maximum permitted under the provisions of the premium applicable law, so that you can instantly have access to them.
Services premium allow access to certain products, services, functions and extended functionality (e.g.
Premium graphs and analysis, view without) advertising.
By registering and using any premium, including services using the services of premium by probationary period, undertake to pay the state free of charge any fees or other payments due on the premium services (such as charges for subscription).
After registration with the services premium should be fixed preferred the method of payment (hereinafter " by " payments) and provide information relating to her.
This information must be complete and correct.
You have an obligation to update.
Expressly authorise us state to using automatic debit or collection chosen by the methods of payment of the ah charges for services and purchases via services. premium
You can choose whether you want to pay for services premium every month or once a year.
Unless otherwise agreed, all payments due on the services are payable in advance and will be in premium appropriate automatically placed on an account at the beginning of the monthly or annual payment form the validity of the services premium.
Unless otherwise specified, subscription services will be automatically renewed unless the state shall cancel the premium access to services premium.
All bought services are definitive and paid the amount of the premium shall not be reimbursed, i think that this will happen as we and in accordance with the sole discretion of the principles relating to each service premium.
7.
2 waiving of services or their premium cancellation
Uiszczą state payments or if not the fees due for the use of services premium, can take reasonable steps to notification member of this situation and resolve this issue, but then we reserve the right to prevent or deprive member of access to services (premium and we can do without the notification).
Services premium can be cancelled at any time.
Additional information on how to cancellation can be found here.
Following cancellation of services premium and we can not introduce any other receiving confirmation, changes in.
Cancellation services premium will enter into force at the end of the current accounting period, and the scope of the access to the service premium does not change the rest of this trading period.
, For example, if you are held accountable every month and service during the month concerned shall cancel the state shall bear fees for all this month and you will have access to the service premium until the end of this month.
In the event of resignation or cancellation of the services we do not pay any premium paid amounts.
If you do not want any longer subscribe to premium services in good time is premium cancellation of services on your side, regardless of whether they use state actively with the services or not premium.
7.
3 development fees
In maximum permitted by the law, we can change the services at any time premium.
In good time of any change in prices, by providing a report the new prices in a service premium and provides information through her, or by sending you notification in e-mail.
If you do not want to pay the new prices, you can cancel the premium service before the change of prices will come into force.
7.
4 discounts, coupons or codes upominkowe
State rabat, coupon or if they have received service, in addition to the rules of procedure code upominkowy premium on a specific code shall apply the following entries).
To benefit from the rebate or to achieve a coupon should be login to adequate services and enter the relevant code, to benefit from the right balance.
Any discounts, and the only apply during upominkowe coupons for premium and for registration accounts, which do not yet services premium. subskrybują
Codes rabatowe, coupons and codes may not be combined with any other upominkowe promotion prices, nor the books, and may not wyprzedażami promocjami be exchanged, returned, or to be settled in exchange for cash or converted compensation payments.
To settle or the code of the coupon may be required of the forms of payment. the
Rebate coupon or use, before the expiry of their life is code upominkowego on your side; the costs associated with codes, which had expired, will not be reimbursed and the coupons will not be extended.
Your responsibility is also withdrawal from service premium before the end of period or period of free, if you do not want to benefit from the discount services premium normal price.
Conditions rebates on individual, or codes may include additional coupons upominkowych restrictions on the use of them, including in particular the type of the plan, the duration of the premium and / or services, free services, the period of validity or premium discount coupons purchased quantities.
Company under armour reserves the right to cancellation of rebates and at any time. coupons promotion
7.
5 free probationary period
Sometimes we test our services or premium periods of free other promotional offers (hereinafter " we free "). probation period
Free probationary period gives you access to services premium for some time.
Contact details are available during the registration of promotion.
To save the free probationary period may need to be of details of the chosen by member form of.
After by member information on payments, there will be free of charge probationary period.
By the end of the probationary period, no fees shall be calculated not free.
Unless state services before the end of the probationary period, free of charge shall cancel or if not otherwise stated, state access to the service premium shall be automatically extended and you will be at the relevant payments for this service using the method chosen premium payments.
Any charges shall be final and shall not be reimbursed, unless follows it as we and in accordance with the sole discretion of the principles relating to each service premium.
Can send you reminder of the forthcoming completion of the probationary period, but we can't guarantee that free of such notice shall be sent.
If at the end of the probationary period, that you decide, free of charge you do not want to become a user of the service, you have an obligation płacącym premium itself to follow the end date of free of the probationary period.
If decide that a you do not want to become a user for the service, you must cancel płacącym premium before the end of free subscription probationary period.
Depending on the used services, you may lose their access to her premium immediately after its cancellation or after free probationary period.
Once free probationary period you can not resume free and receiving confirmation, even if he was not of the probationary period used for the duration of the offer.
Functions premium can change and content of the services at any time, and we can not guarantee that the different roles and content will be available throughout the lifetime of a free trial period.
Rates after the free probationary period will be the same as the rate applying to registration on unless we will state probationary period free of any changes.
So we reserve the right to modify or end any offer free trial period, access to services premium during the life of probationary period, as well as to modify, free of charge or cancellation contained provisions here under our sole discretion, without prior warning and without incurring any liability.
May not be registered on more than one free probationary period of the service at the same time premium.
So we reserve the right to restrict member can benefit from free several qualification periods.
8.
Purchases and e-commerce
To shops under may apply additional rules of procedure concerning armour e-commerce.
These rules is below.
At purchase in or near trying to include information on the reimbursement of costs, exchange, renewal, taxation, dispatch and related range basis.
For questions concerning the shops under contact our armour panel on
Aid.
Please refer to these rules prior to buy via shops under armour.
9.
Physical activity and nutrition counselling
It is important for us to users were safe and made their targets for the physical condition at the same time.
Please proceed responsibly and follow their own judgement and common sense.
Provide our services for information purposes only.
Not responsibility, if you will hurt or we have something goes wrong.
In particular, it should be noted that, although the majority of content by other users of our community is to appear helpful, that it comes from foreign persons from the internet and should never be more important than the common sense or advice of your doctor.
9.
1 safety first
Under armour takes care of state security.
Before resorting to our services in connection with any physical activity is good health and fitness, gaining programmes or schemes or advice, you should consult your doctor and consider dietetycznymi associated risks.
Using our services you express consent, and shall ensure that a member state have received the from his doctor agreed to participate in good health and fitness, gaining programmes, exercises and any related activities available lacrosse practice you in relation to the services, and that you check with your doctor before making any changes in diet on the basis of the information available through services.
Each has a different condition and other opportunities.
You are involved in activities promoted by our services at its own risk.
If you decide to to participate in the activities, they do it state voluntarily and initiative, knowingly and intentionally incurring any risks associated with such activities.
Actions promoted in services may pose risks even for healthy subjects.
Understand state and you express agreement to this that we will not carry out any physical checks, surveillance or to engage in the preparation, implementation and carrying out any operation related to services, available by services or discovered thanks to them (e.g.
Firmowanych official, created by the challenges routes training, and the friendly rivalry like operations, or block activity training, any action external actors and other events or activities, which make use of our services), nor we have a responsibility for this.
Guidance maps, and other data or data, including data gps navigation relating to the geographic location may not be available, inaccurate or incomplete.
We invite you to address security in the first place, comply with the applicable traffic rules, equipment in motion, or being settings niezmieniania a bad neighborhood, to remain vigilant and assessing ambient during exercise.
You express explicit consent to that of sports, which can lead to content by users, which country they indicate or to appear included in services or through the plan to services (e.g.
Running walking, cycling, hiking excursions) and certain actions external actors bring some inherent and a significant risk of property damage, injury or death and voluntarily make known and unknown state any risks associated with these aktywnościami, even if in part or in full, it will be caused by the action, the lack of action or omission of under armour or operation, the lack of action or omission on the part of others.
If otherwise specified in this regulation and the maximum permitted by law does not have a responsibility, directly or indirectly, for any injury or damage arising from the physical activity or use or use of any services or functions's inability to services, including the content or activity to which you have access or which they learn you through our services (e.g.
Action external actors, such as seizure), even if they are caused by jogi in whole or in part by the action, the lack of action or omission of under armour or from the other.
This stated that you understand that a the extent permitted by laws do not bear any liability for any of the activities outside bodies or for any races, competitions, attachment, sports activities or sporting event during which are used our services, which are promoted through them or to which are accessible via the services.
9.
2 claim concerning the accuracy and reliability of
Not we any statement or assurances on the accuracy, reliability, completeness or news any content accessible through our services and not we commit to update such content.
Content furthermore, by users, including advice to appear, statements or other information concerning in particular the food products, advice, in the exercise of nutrition their usual diet and training, sports activities and entries in the databases exercises, are not created by under armour and should not be relied upon without independent verification.
For content to appear by users, accessible to the public or to privately, responsibility, from which they are grown. only user
All information shall be provided without any claims guarantee or conditions on their accuracy or reliability of the (" in the state in which is ").
Not all users, who can identify as professional coaches or licensed, are licensed in all the existing nutritionists jurisdictions.
Under armour has no and not assume the duty to verify whether users who identify as licensed coaches or have real powers nutritionists.
If identyfikujecie you as licensed or coaches, and you promise that member states nutritionists you are entitled to operate services carried out in the relevant jurisdiction.
Users should also bear in mind that, even if the user is licensed in one jurisdiction, this does not mean the coach that this user is licensed in the jurisdiction in which the advice of coach benefit other users.
Therefore seek advice from other users is carried out at its own risk.
As allowed by the applicable law under armour in any case not take responsibility by for any loss or damage resulting from relying on information or advice provided by any user of our services.
9.
3 advice niemedyczne
Our aim is to give our community general advice.
Not giving professional medical advice.
Services are not in medical devices, and administered through them no data are intended to be used for medical purposes or serve for diagnosing or treatment of diseases or ailments injuries or prevention.
Declare you understand that in the maximum permitted by law not giving medical advice via the services.
All content provided via services, whether by us, or by other users or third parties (even if these people say that they are doctors.)
Are not and should not be used instead of (a) advice or other specialist in the field of medicine, (b) visits, interviews or talking to your doctor or other specialist medical or © information contained in the / in any packaging or labelling of the product.
To the extent allowed by the applicable law, don't have a responsibility for any health problems arising from the exercise on the basis of programmes), the use of advice or recommendations dietetic products or participation at events, the learned member through services.
If there are any questions in health matters, please immediately contact with your doctor or another healthcare worker.
In case of accident immediately call your doctor or on the number of rescue.
Recourse to the services is neither does not establish relations type, or any other type of too lekarz-pacjent terapeuta-pacjent relations with worker health service between the state and company under armour.
9.
4 success stories-atypical
Success stories to appear by users or under in our services may not reflect the typical armour, and even accurate results obtained as a result of a specific physical activity or diet.
To the extent allowed by the applicable law under is not and has not adopted any obligations armour or liabilities relating to the precision credibility or any physical activity and / or recommendations efficacy contained in the success stories of the users. food
9.
5 accuracy
Services are intended to provide information which will encourage member to activity related to maintenance condition and behaviour fitness.
Some services are designed to movements of the body, and to monitor sleep tracking (" monitoring services ') activity.
Action services monitoring is based on compliance with sensors or activity that are now tracking movements or functions gps monitor body in repose.
Data and information collected by monitoring services activity are intended to, as is the present activity, but may not be until the end of accurate, including
For data on number of steps, sleep, speed, defeated distance or by spożytych calories.
Using tracking service activity, to the state and agree, you accept that under armour is not liable for any inaccuracies in the range of such data.
Concerns people new jersey or the netherlands:
Independently of the other provisions of this regulation, none of its provisions does not prejudice or exclude our responsibility for loss or damage as a result of fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or wilful misconduct committed by under armour
10.
Amendments to the rules of procedure and the regulation concerning the specific products
Therefore that company under armour is constantly evolving and perfect, it is likely that we will have to make changes to this regulation or included in its additional provisions relating to specific products.
10.
1 updates of these rules
Company armour under reserves the right to amend these rules of procedure by (i) the revised version of the rules of service or in through them or through (ii) inform member in advance of significant changes in the rules, largely-if possible-via e-mail, and in other cases, via the services (e.g.
By including communication on the main websites companies under or in our applications). armour
Changes will not work back unless they require that legislation.
Sometimes we can ask for your to familiarise themselves with the amended version of regulation and to approve a contained therein provisions or reject them.
In situations like these changes will start to apply upon the expressions by member consent to revised version of the regulation.
If will not you then consent, will no longer be you must call on the services.
In situations where we're not asking you to express consent to the amended version of regulation, such will enter into force on the date specified in the version of the regulation.
Decision assumption of, access to or use of services account (regardless of whether the state account or not), you found after that date means the changed conditions of acceptance.
If will not state not agree, you will have to put a stop to the use of services, because there will be no you must do this.
10.
2 procedure for specific products
We can also ask you to agree to the additional conditions, rules, guidelines or other such policy (hereinafter together called " rules on specific products, " which will relate to the specific services (for example gear commercial).
In such cases, we will be able to ask you for more consent to the provisions of the for specific products.
Will it can do, for example, by checking the or clicking with the inscription " and agree " (permission granted).
If any of the provisions of the staff on specific products will differ significantly from the provisions of the staff, the rules of procedure concerning specific products will complete, correction or, but only in staff will replace the matters under the regulation concerning the specific products.
11.
There is no guarantee
Except where this is prohibited by law, under armour does not grant any clear, implicit, or any other guarantee, claims or statutory assurances, oral or written, including in particular any implicit guarantee trade for a specific purpose and of suitability assurances of infringements within a maximum permitted by the law.
All content and services are made available in their current form, in the state in which they are available and with all its drawbacks.
Without prejudice to the above provisions state that they have understood that the state replaced the extent permitted by law we have not provided any guarantee as to the quality, accuracy, timeliness, the veracity, completeness, reliability or any of the services or the availability of content.
In maximum permitted by the legislation we have not provided any guarantee that (i) services meet your expectations or ensure concrete results, (ii) the services will be continuous free of viruses, errors or other harmful factors and that (iii) the errors will be repaired.
Any oral or written advice by us or our representatives do not constitute any form of guarantee.
In maximum permitted by the legislation we have not provided any statement or also guarantees as to the content; in particular as regards the substance by users, since this type of content to appear are owned by them and only those are people zamieszczających responsibility for it.
No advice or whether it verbal or written, obtained from other users or via the services, is not explicitly its guarantee.
This declare state, therefore, that are well aware that benefit from the services under his own responsibility, and that you are any risks associated with the satisfaction of quality, performance, accuracy and efforts and that grant about that explicit consent.
12.
The limitation of liability
Are making efforts to our services are the best, but we can not promise that will be perfect.
Not bear responsibility for everything that can go wrong as a result of the use by the member of the service.
Extent authorised by law and within a maximum under any circumstances (including, in particular in the case of negligence) company under armour, its subsidiaries, partners or network operators do not bear in relation to your jacykolwiek wireless or any outside bodies responsibility for (a) any type of indirect damage, accidental, specific, arising out of the over-reliance on services, of a criminal nature, retorsyjnym or; (b) loss of earnings, output data, the possibilities for using, revenues, goodwill or other type of losses intangible; gain access to services, © injury for their use or inability to gain access to them; (d) damage arising from the conduct by the external or user benefiting from or with the content of their services, including in particular the procedure or to appear content has zniesławiającym, disrespect or unlawful; or for (e) injury in any way related to all external stakeholders products outside bodies or activities outside bodies, to which are accessible via the services.
In maximum permitted by the law these restrictions shall apply to all claims, regardless of whether they are based on the guarantee agreement, or in any other of non-contractual liability, the legal basis and irrespective of whether the company was informed of the possibility of armour under such injury, and later in situations where the remedial measures prescribed in this regulation do not meet its primary purpose.
In maximum permitted by the law in respect of the total amount of the company's obligations under armour pursuant to this regulation, all claims including for all implicit guarantee, is limited to the greater of the two alternatives: 1000 usd (usd) or of the sum to a thousand paid the state over the last 12 months for companies under armour for the use of the services concerned by the claim.
In particular, to the extent permitted by law are not liable for any claims arising from (a) the use by member of services (including, in particular, with participation in all the activities promoted through the state, to which access such services or can be obtained through them), (b) use, disclosure, display or storage of personal data of the user, any other interactions with us or other © users via the services, even if we were informed of the possibility of such damage or (d) other kinds of content, information services or goods received via the services or by not advertised, or received through links services to appear.
As allowed by the applicable law, the state to the state and agree you accept that we offer services and the services on the basis of reservations, we exemptions and restrictions laid down in the rules and that those reservations responsibility, exemptions and limitation of liability reflect of sound and fair separation of risk between states and the us, and that constitute an essential basis for agreement between the state and the us.
Without such objections, exemptions from and limitations of would not have been able to provide services on economically rational basis.
Concerns inhabitants of california: shall waive rights resulting from the state of the civil code state of california, that paragraph 1542 says, " general exclusion does not cover claims for the benefit of existed, the creditor does not know the creditor or whose existence doesn't suspect at the time of, and that would have to substantially off affect its agreement with the debtor, if he knew about them. "
Concerns inhabitants, new jersey: regardless of the other provisions of this regulation, none of its provisions does not prejudice or exclude our responsibility for loss or damage as a result of fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or wilful misconduct committed by au
13.
Exemption from liability
Concerns of the united states and all other countries outside france and germany: within a maximum permitted by law to undertake the zwolnić spółkę under armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners with responsibility for all claims or, including demands of reasonable accounting and legal, paid by external actors by or on the basis of (a) the content of users to which you have to appear by access in services or that make you by services; (b) the use by the member of the services; © member relating to services (including sporting activity in particular activity associated with any sports competitions, games, group, activities or other external actors aktywnościami events that we can sponsor, in which we can participate or organise within the framework of which benefit from services); (d) the connection with services; (e) breach of the state of this regulation; (f) the use or misuse of personal data by the other users; (g) any breach of the rights of any other person or entity or (h) use made by the services to
So we reserve the right to take independent defence and, to the exclusive control takeover cost, in case of any cases in which requires the exemption us of the responsibility on the basis of these rules of procedure, and the country undertake to cooperate in the framework of our defence against these claims.
Concerns inhabitants of france or germany: notwithstanding the preceding paragraph you agree the secure under subordinates, armour, suppliers and other partners to take responsibility for answering any claims or demands arising from the state or intentionally behaviour, including of squashing, reasonable fees and charges made by accounting bar associations, or in connection with third parties due to (a) content by users to which the state uzyskujecie zamieszczanymi access through the services; (b) breach by the state of this regulation, use or improper use by state of © of personal data, any user (d) all violations by the rights other person or entity, or (e) the use by the services for personal meeting with another or in order to locate and participate in the user anywhere or event offline.
So we reserve the right to take independent defence and, to the exclusive control takeover cost, in case of any cases in which requires the exemption us of the responsibility on the basis of these rules of procedure, and the country undertake to cooperate in the framework of our defence against these claims.
Concerns inhabitants, new jersey: regardless of the other provisions of this regulation any of its provisions would not impose on member the security us against liabilities resulting from its own fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or wilful misconduct committed by the au.
14.
Applicable law
Concerns of the united states and all other countries not members of the european union: this regulation governed by the law state of maryland and provisions in force in the us federal, without taking into account referred to therein conflict-of-law rules, and according to the rules will be interpreted.
Concerns residents of the european union: these rules are subject to the law, regardless of the netherlands referred to therein conflict-of-law rules, and according to the rules will be interpreted.
15.
Disputes and arbitration, property factual and jurisdiction of local courts
In maximum permitted by the law and the company under agree to it that any armour proceedings with a view to the resolution of disputes are carried out on an individual basis, and not by bringing actions block or sample collective.
Except where this is forbidden, with you agree to an immediate and sole proceedings according to the principles arbitration for the american association arbitration disputes related to the general use by member of services.
For more information on arbitration are listed on the www.adr.org.
Any arbitration procedure between the state and us, to the extent necessary, shall take place in baltimore, maryland and shall waive the right to lodge state in this case, objections to the territorial jurisdiction.
You agree not to raise any actions, nor institute proceedings in accordance with any other characteristic. local arbitration
Arbitration will be conducted in english.
One will be appointed independent and impartial, in accordance with the american association of arbitration arbitrator.
Both you and we our commitment is to respect the following principles aimed at simplifying the process of dispute resolution and to reduce costs and burdens for everyone involved:
Arbitration will take place by telephone, via the internet or on the basis of submitted documentation written, whereby only specific way party initiating arbitration selected;
Arbitration will not require personal appear either party or witnesses, unless the parties otherwise mutually agreed in writing, and
All arbitration judgments may be lodged for approval by any court of suitable properties.
Except in special circumstances give its decision within 120 days an arbitrator from the date of its designation.
Arbitrator may extend that period by an additional 30 days, in order to ensure a fair judgment.
Any arbitration proceedings will be confidential and classified and any documentation is on a permanent basis, except for the necessary approval utajniona the arbitration by the court.
Decision arbitrator will take the form of written and include a statement describing the causes of the decisions taken in respect to resolve any claim.
You are also note and confirm that, with regard to any dispute with us arising from, or associated with, or use of choice maintain accounts access services:
Shall waive the right to trial involving jury;
Shall waive the right to act as a representative, he private in paid in the public interest (private powództwie attorney general) or under any other credentials as a reason, and to participate in collective actions involving such disputes and
Claims shall be submitted within 1 (one) year from the of their causes; otherwise, they will limitations.
If these provisions of arbitration void, any dispute between us arising under this regulation will be subject to the jurisdiction in maryland and courts located in baltimore, and both the federal as we welcome this property substantive and local those courts.
This agreement does not prejudice the application in the court of arbitration competent to apply the interim relief measures for arbitration by the member or under, including in particular the orders of suspension armour judicial proceedings or arbitration order approval the arbitration.
In addition, this agreement on the arbitration does not preclude (i) of the application by the member or under armour to the competent court for an order for the provisional refrain from action, initial action or the setting of temporary prohibition of remedial measures, if it would be necessary, or (ii) redress for the infringement or potential breach of intellectual property rights belonging to under armour in any court at the level of the state or federal.
For legal proceedings or arbitration resulting from this regulation, service or connected with them, side, in favour of which the judgment was issued, right from the other side will give all reasonable return costs, including costs of working time staff, legal expenses, legal costs and any other cost accompanying, relating to the judicial proceedings or arbitration.
Concerns of eu citizens, regardless of any provisions of this regulation in dispute arises, which the state and under the situation would not be able to resolve are armour member entitled to lodge complaints via http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
Except stated in this regulation we do not use any adr systems.
Furthermore, no provision of this regulation does not restrict the right to bring an action against the company under local courts out of the country of residence armour before.
Any disputes arising between the state and company under armour under this regulation will be non-exclusive choice of courts located in the state place of residence or courts located in the kingdom of the netherlands, and both state and we welcome this property substantive and local those courts.
Concerns inhabitants of finland: regardless of any provisions of this regulation in in the case of dispute, which the state and under armour would be unable to solve, you have the right to make a complaint through council
Consumer disputes or any other appropriate body.
Concerns inhabitants of denmark: regardless of any provisions of this regulation in in the case of dispute, which the state and under armour would be unable to solve, you have the right to make a complaint through the danish competition authority and consumers (konkurrence- og Forbrugerstyrelsen, center for Klageløsning, carl 35, 2500, valby jacobsens vej e-mail: @ kfst.dk) cfk.
Concerns inhabitants of south korea: regardless of any provisions to the contrary, none of its provisions of this regulation does not affect the state the right to bring an action against company under local courts out of the country of residence armour before.
16.
The international
If they don't live in the united states, and access to state our services you can be provided outside the united states, you agree to transfer to the us of certain information outside their country of residence, and in compliance with all the relevant legislation.
Our services is being made available global community users.
But our servers are mainly in the united states and here, above all, we run our operational activities, and our policies and procedures are mainly based on the us law.
Therefore users located outside the united states, the following provisions: (i) you express consent to the transmission of information, including in particular the content of their by users and any personal data, to appear in the united states or other countries and for the storage and processing of this information in those countries; (ii) if the use of services in the country now we by the united states or you are on the list of " specially designated citizens " carried out by the us treasury, must not be to obtain access or use the services and (iii) you agree to respect all the local rights, rules and regulations, including in particular any rights, rules and regulations in force in the state's country of residence and in the country from which you can be provided access to services.
Services are not intended for distribution or use by any persons or entities in any jurisdiction or country where this distribution or such use would be incompatible with law or regulations or where would this company under armour or its associates obligation to register in the jurisdiction in question or in the country.
Names countries or regions used in this regulation, privacy policy and any of their associated functions and / or documentation are based on the database terminology the united nations.
Concerns residents of the european union, hong kong, russia, new zealand and south korea: regardless of any provisions of this regulation it should be noted that the provisions in force in certain legal systems can not permit surrender or restrict a kind of security, liability or compensation, and therefore, some of the exclusions and restrictions contained in this regulation may not involve member.
No part of this regulation does not prejudice or exclude our responsibility for (1) submitted by us false declarations, (2) the death or damage to health as a result of negligence or incorrect behaviour on our part or (3) the failure to respect any relevant contractual obligations.
Concerns inhabitants of the new zealand: regardless of any provisions to the contrary, none of its provisions of this regulation does not prejudice or off our responsibility or rights if you are member within the meaning of the law on guarantees for consumers consumer of 1993.
Or of the law on fair trade of 1986.
Concerns inhabitants of germany, france, austria or finland: independently of the other provisions of this regulation " maximum extent authorised by law " and other terms having a similar effect is deemed to be removed from the regulation wherever they come along and they will have no legal force.
Concerns inhabitants of japan: regardless of any provisions to the contrary, none of its provisions of this regulation does not prejudice or off our responsibility or member if you consumer rights within the meaning of the law on consumer contracts.
Concerns inhabitants of south korea: regardless of any provisions to the contrary of this regulation all its changes will be announced at website before the date of their entry into force; unless you intend to for rejection of such modifications or alterations wyrazicie after a reasonable period from, it is considered that such an announcement you have agreed to such amendment or modification.
17.
Stay in power
Break our cooperation or cancellation of this regulation does not entail the restriction of our other rights or remedial measures, and all the provisions of this regulation, which must remain in force, to this regulation meet their destiny and objective, shall remain in force after the cancellation, including in particular parts: 2 (property content and their use), 9 (physical activity and nutrition counselling), 11 (there is no guarantee), 12 (limitation of liability), 13 (exemption from liability), 15 (disputes and arbitration, property factual and competent jurisdiction) and 17 (remaining in force).
18.
Supplementary provisions
You are to note that, as a result of this regulation or use by the member of services are not created between the state and us a joint venture company, partnership, employment or the ratio of the representation.
Rules of procedure and rules of procedure concerning specific products constitute a whole agreement concluded between the state and us as regards the use by the member of the services.
Niedochodzenie non-execution or by us implement any law or the provisions of this regulation is not a waiver of the right or the provisions.
If competent court declares invalid the any of the provisions of this regulation, the parties agree that in spite of this court should make an effort to carry out a party in the order and intentions reflected the other provisions of this regulation shall remain fully binding.
You can not make divestitures transfer or in any other way to transmit account or their obligations under this regulation without the prior written consent.
We have the right under our sole discretion to transmit or make all or part of our assignment powers under this regulation and we will be entitled to deploy or to benefit from the services of external contractors in order to fulfil our responsibilities and obligations arising from this regulation and within the framework of.
Notification sent by us in e-mails, ordinary mail or notification or link in relation to the services are displayed for the purposes of this regulation. notifications limit
Not bear responsibility for the notification by the member, if e-mail nieodebranie will be transferred by the security system electronic mail for folder " " or " spam " or if the basket not update state their e-mail address.
Notification is deemed to be withdrawn after forty-eight hours after its dispatch, if it was sent by e-mail or ordinary mail.
If notice is provided through links displayed in connection with the services, are considered to be removed after twenty four hours after the first show.
19.
Contact
If feedback, questions or comments in respect of services, please contact with our team for
Aid by e-mail, telephone under the number or at: under armour, 1-888-727-6687 1020 hull street, baltimore, md 21230 (usa) and as " determined the legal terms and conditions of Attn:-use. "
Please make sure that by e-mail or messages transmitted by is simple your full name, e-mail address, postal address and news.
Annex a: shops under armour
Buying through shops under undertake to comply with the provisions of this armour state regulation.
These conditions apply to all tenders and contracts relating to internet sales and supply of clothing, footwear and appliances under (" au ") protective armour, excluding products and digital services (e.g.
Membership premium), which were clearly dealt with in section 8 of this regulation.
Therefore specific conditions set out below shall apply when procuring (i) from the au clothing or with any enlargement of national; underarmour.com Ua.com (ii) from any website, which is directly connected with Ua.com or (iii) application to electronic commerce or purchases under (called " shops under armour armour including ").
(A) registration accounts
Holding account is not required to purchase through shops under armour.
However, in order to accelerate and facilitate purchases over the internet, you can register account on one of our websites or in applications.
Acknowledge his e-mail address while creating accounts, because we will use given by the e-mail address to be with you contact.
If spawn state, using the account user name and password, you will be able to follow shipments, view and you will have a previous procurement rapid access to information on dispatch and settlement.
If you do not want to assume, you can make purchases over the accounts as " guy. " shops under armour
(B) the availability of products online
During purchasing after selecting product, that you want to buy, you can see what color or size is available, the first color (1 by choosing.
Select color) and then size (2.
Select size).
If chosen by the size shall not be displayed for the selected color, this means that it is not available.
Although shops under armour have been developed with idea reflect the intervention " in real time ', so that the only items that are storage are visible and available for purchase, may occur due to the huge popularity of the various models, shortages storage size and we can not guarantee or colors that items that are displayed as available at the warehouse are available in reality.
If position that you want to buy, is currently not available, we apologize for the inconvenience and we invite you to contact with our office customer service, so that we can help accompanied you find the like product.
© model number
State model number of the product, and if they is he after inside the clothes on a small white tag.
Will the inscription e.g.
Fw081100200 or older models Fw060375.
First four characters shall refer to the season of the model (e.g.
Fw06 = fall / winter [fall / winter] 2006) depending on the region's model number (although some products may not include the first four characters), and the last seven characters (in new models) or four characters (in older models) refer to the model number.
Through our services can be search model number and find exactly what you're looking for.
If there is no search results, it is possible that model is no longer produced by under armour.
Contact our team customer service in order to provide assistance in finding of replacement.
(D) the submission and amendment of contracts
When will you order, we'll send you e-mail with advice on which you gave address.
If benefit state with an official e-mail address, please be aware that many of the companies used to reject incoming generated automatically filters antyspamowych e-mail messages which may impede the delivery of our e-mail with confirmation or direct it to folder " spam. "
" Confirmation ' are presented at the stage of detailed information on the final contract. member
On this basis, we'll send you the e-mail hosting contract specifying all ordered by the member of the products.
Please note that the e-mail does not constitute an order confirmation or adoption of the contract under armour.
Contract for the completion and implementation of the agreement between the adoption of us agreement takes place after the sending to state, unless the products ordered state that we do not accept the contract has been notified to the or annulled state order.
Due to their small interval between order and dispatch, to make changes following the contract is difficult.
If, however, the with us within the hour would contact of an order, we'll try to allow for modification of the contract.
(E) taxation
Sales tax and similar taxes such as value added tax (" vat ') are calculated on the basis of local and national rates, depending on the location.
Where vat is due, you will be at that tax rate, which will be in force local included in the price of the product.
(F) payments
Company under armour reserves the right to supplement the list forms of payment accepted by shops under armour.
Can require that the credit cards and debit cards were issued by an institution at the country of residence, and forms of payment must be connected to an address trading in the same place.
For most legal systems check that address trading given bank credit card issuing or a debit card is identical to address trading administered during of the order.
Afraid not personal, transfers of funds or cash payments online.
Due to the fact that under armour does not charge for products before they are sent, and we can use functions to reserve products to dispatch the initial authorisation.
To avoid unnecessary charges oversubscription account, banks often benefit from method known as " preliminary " in order to verify whether authorization of used credit card or debit card is valid and whether they are in it sufficient funds.
Please bear in mind that described transactions an extract from a " under armour " will account.
Approval expires usually within five to seven days, however, the final the duration of the authorisation shall be issuing bank.
Final amount the state card credit or debit card only sent to products with reflects the value of the transport costs and tax due.
If you have any questions, please contact with our team customer service.
In case of problems with the payment please contact with our team customer service, which i'd like to will provide you help.
(G) the supply and dispatch
Locations exist, to which we can not send consignments; we don't send also consignments to postal systems should be so before placing orders able to deliver the delivery confirmed.
Estimated delivery time and costs for the contract will be laid down by a consignment its finalisation.
Although are making efforts to provide goods within a specific timeframe, may occasionally occur delays.
Under armour shall not be liable for any company or consignment within a specified time. delay's failure to supply
Company armour stipulates that may require signature under consignment by adults aged reception at least eighteen years.
Not always living on a given area may acquire customers products from under armour with another area. shops
Please visit our local website, to see how the products are available for the state.
When send consignment, usually you will receive by e-mail her number tracking.
Numbers tracking you can find their on their account and consignments at login entry number contract appearing in the e-mail with confirmation of award.
Before the use of tools to wait two to four traceability of consignments of working days following the award.
During tracking in our website if you will receive the information that member is " transport contract ', it simply means that the consignment is being prepared for dispatch to or that information relating to the status of consignment has not yet been updated by the carrier.
Usually passes between two and four working days before our information relating to the tracking reaches of the carrier.
Trying to send all products in a single consignment, but ordered the right to provide products in member so we reserve the separate consignments if one or more products is not available at the time of broadcasting the first consignment.
If member the contract will be divided into a number of consignments are not the state liable for the costs of additional items.
For each consignment of send e-mail with confirmation / e-mail with information on the tracking.
If during the implementation of any part of the country you have a problem, it will not contract basis to cancel a dispatch contained in the contract notice. subsequent products
Any provided to contract will be at the time of receipt, owned by state provided that the company has received full payment for the contract. under armour
(H) cancellation of the procurement, exchange and reimbursement
Policies and procedures for cancellations of orders, exchanges and reimbursement of expenses for member contract may vary depending on the location in which benefit from state shops under armour.
In order to obtain additional information regarding policies applicable to a particular contract, please refer to the policies set out in part customer service and an additional rules of procedure for e-commerce, which website set out in the local member of the order. benefited during
(I) conflict provisions; applicable law
In case of conflict between these shops and regulation-this regulation under armour under shops shall prevail in relation to the armour procurements in shops under and use of shops under armour. armour
In case of conflict between the provisions of this regulation under armour and rules in force in the local shops website used for by the contract staff in force in local site will have prevail with regard to your contract in the shops and the use of shops under armour armour under.
Concerns inhabitants of south korea: entity from under armour in the case of a contract shops under is under ltd., armour armour korea
In order to benefit from the shops under, you gotta have you completed at least armour 14 years old.
For persons aged from 14 to 18 years, the member state or the legal representative may cancel the contract concluded with shops under armour, sales where member legal representative did not agree to such a sales contract.
Concerns turkish people: some of the conditions relating to e-commerce specified in this annex and shops: au do not relate to who buy garments of the turkish people from our turkish au distributor (Doğuş Perakende DOĞUŞ PERAKENDE ve tic. Satış Giyim Aksesuar
A.
Ş.)
At http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
To users of turkish http: / / purchasing for will apply only those conditions of www.underarmour.com.tr approved by such users, which are valid under the law of the turkish.
In cases of conflicts or inconsistencies between the conditions laid down in annex a: shops and guide on transactions au conditions agreement concluded at a distance or form prior information, conditions guide on transactions agreement concluded at a distance or form (depending on the case preliminary information) and replace will be superior to conflicting or inconsistent conditions contained in annex a: the stores of the au.
After purchase send you contracts which contains the data zamówionej clothing confirmation of the au.
Address trading in the context of bank credit card issuing may differ from the address of the order on the settlement administered at http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
Unless we can send to a location, we will inform the clothing au of this fact by e-mail.
Under a contract at a distance delivery will be made during the au clothing thirty (30) days.
Guiding transactions in accordance with an agreement at a distance and form prior information you have fourteen (14) days the cancellation of a contract on distance without any consequences.
We will not change of advertised or offered for sale, prices and / or specifications of such goods in connection with the already carried out and offers of promotional purchases and / or currently at http: / / przetwarzanymi transactions www.underarmour.com.tr.
Concerns inhabitants of canada: regardless of any provisions to the contrary of this regulation or specific conditions laid down in this annex and in relation to the au by credit card clothing on the canadian website under visa to settle any disputes in connection with such armour shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law purchase canadian, irrespective of the rules on conflict of laws of law.
Concerns inhabitants of malaysia, philippines, singapore, thailand and indonesia: regardless of any provisions to the contrary of this regulation or specific conditions laid down in this annex and in relation to the au by credit card clothing or mastercard, visa in malaysian philippine, singapore, thai or indonesian website under any dispute related to the purchase will armour regulated and interpreted in accordance with law, irrespective of the law on conflict of laws rules for singapore.
(J) the product descriptions and prices
Shops aim to administration as possible under armour accurate information.
We can't guarantee, however, that the product descriptions, photographs, videos and other content concerning products presented in the shops are entirely under armour accurate, complete, reliable, current or foolproof.
If product offered by the company under armour disagrees with the description, the only counter-measure is the return of intact in order to obtain the reimbursement of expenses.
In spite of our great efforts, a small number of products can bear the wrong price.
If the price product sold by the company under armour is higher than given by us, we'll contact you before sending the price of the consignment for a decision on its dispatch or we order and we will inform the this country, as we please.
Prices displayed in shops under may be given in local currencies. armour
(K) changes
Please note that, in accordance with the relevant legislation so we reserve the right to make changes in advertised products or products offered for sale in the shops under armour, prices or specifications of these products and any offers promotion and content available in shops armour at any time and under what some time without having to notify state and without any responsibility with regard to any state or any other person.
