Conditions for use
Shall apply from 5 february 2020.
This conditions of use (hereinafter " the agreement ') is a binding agreement between you (" you ") and flo health, inc.,
Company based in delaware (", " " we, " " the us '), governing the use of a mobile applications, an internet service (flo.health flo Femⓡ and), the parties offering courses (reg.flo.health) (" "), courses courses.flo.health servers used by the application of computer files stored on these servers and all related services, functions and content offered by the company (called " application "). together on
This agreement was not concluded with apple, inc.,
Google, inc.,
Or with any company from them, as well as with any other entity subsidiary.
1.
Acceptance conditions
Please close consultation with this agreement.
Creating account or by using the application you confirm that you accept the provisions of this agreement.
If you don't agree with this agreement, not be and don't use applications. LOGUJ
This agreement may from time to time subject to change.
If changes will significantly alter your rights, we'll notify you of this via e-mail messages by application, or by providing you a new version acceptable.
Continued use of applications after the date of entry into force of an updated version of the agreement will mean your consent to the changes made in the agreement.
2.
Reservation concerning medical services
Company is not licensed service medical care, and application is not intended to replace professional advice or medical diagnosis, treatment and treatment of any events, can not serve as a method of birth control and prevention of pregnancy.
Check with your doctor or another qualified healthcare provider licensed before any decisions or actions, which may affect the health and safety of yours, your family or foetuses.
Never underestimate the professional medical advice or don't wait in obtaining because of the information obtained in the course of its use of applications.
Always consult with your doctor if you questions or doubts about your state of health, disease, or when you change its state of health.
Emergency immediately call number 112, or go to the nearest active branch ambulance.
Not are liable for any errors or omissions for unintended technical or errors to material inaccuracies typographical as well as the infringement or moral ethical standards in force in the communities in the material on your sex education and the like.
3.
Registration and qualification
Prior to the use of applications we can ask you assume or (" ") and to update account account to give personal data, which may include your full name, sex, date of birth and e-mail address.
These data will be stored and used in accordance with our policy of privacy, which you can see at flo.health / en / polityka-prywatnosci? locale = en (" privacy policy ").
Zobowiązujesz be given to accurate and complete data and update them on an ongoing basis in the event of changes.
Account access to start applications and be able to benefit from application in accordance with applicable law, you must have completed at least 13 years (16 years in the eu.
If you have less than 18 years of age, your parent or carer must read and accept conditions of this agreement, and the use by you, applications will mean that your parent or guardian has read and accepted this agreement.
So we reserve the right to limit access to certain content in application users under 18.
Years at their own discretion.
4.
Use of applications
Dialogues through the application, subject to the conditions of privacy policy company / en / polityka-prywatnosci? locale = flo.health of
In case of discrepancies between the provisions of this agreement and the privacy policy, priority is given to this agreement.
Ponosisz sole responsibility for his speech, the consequences of publishing of questions and answers and for his actions, taken on the basis of expression, found in the publicly available content applications.
Company licensor and its shall not be liable for the consequences of expression, to appear in the publicly available areas applications.
If you feel threatened or do you think that someone else is in danger, you should immediately inform the local law enforcement agencies.
If you think you need urgent medical attention, immediately contact your doctor or call the emergency number 112.
Condition necessary for the use of the application is your consent to applications for any purpose, contrary to the failure of this agreement.
Ponosisz responsibility for all of its activities in connection with the killer app and you have a duty to respect all the local, national and international law.
You agree that taking any of the following operations will be a material breach of this agreement and therefore the ZOBOWIĄZUJESZ
A.
Not are, rent,,, to sub-licence, disseminate dzierżawić wypożyczać or in any other way to transfer rights to applications;
B.
Not change, to engineering, or not to dismantle applications; inverted dekompilować
C.
Not copy swiftly, change, adjusted nor create derived products explain without written consent companies;
D.
Not allowed to another person to the use of the application, including, inter alia, on shared use through internet connection is unless it will take place in accordance with the terms of this agreement;
E.
Not ignore nor any functions or technical measures applications block to copyright protection;
F.
Not use the application with a view to use, or using, equipment, programmes or the services for circumvention technical control and to protect rights to access content and other works protected by copyright irrespective of the jurisdiction;
G.
Not benefit nor capable of being in order to compile data in a way applications used by or useful for a competitive product or service;
H.
Not advantage of its account to advertising, promotion or transfer to another commercial advertising, including the so-called
Chains correspondence, unwanted e-mail or mass mailings;
And.
Do not use their accounts to illegal activities;
U
Not report content in order to provide statements that violate the rights of others;
K.
Not sent any kind of multimedia content containing hatred or violence, speech or behaviour, content, obscene images offensive content pornography, sexual or other materials resulting clearly civil liability or legal in the light of existing legislation or not complying with the provisions of this agreement and personal privacy as well as companies;
L.
Not sent any materials containing computer viruses or other snippets, files or computer programs for distortion, destruction or reduce any computer software or site. this functionality
Each prohibited the use of such will result in the immediate appeal your licensing of a applications.
5.
The protection of privacy and children age limits
Our commitment is to protect the privacy of children.
Please note that this application is not intended or designed for children less than 13.
Years of age.
We're not personal data from people that we know that they have less than 13 years.
Persons living in the european union must be at least 16 years, in order to benefit from application.
To the extent allowed by law we do not to anyone under 16.
Years living in the european union, to use the application.
You must be at least 18 years of age, in order to benefit from some of the functions of the application (e.g.
From certain courses, content or discussion on certain topics in secret talks).
If you have information on the person who uses the application contrary to the restrictions, please contact with us at support @, so that we can take appropriate steps in flo.health towards closing of the account of such a person.
6.
Export controls and economic sanctions
Software serving application may be subject to on exports and re-exports of the united states, including provisions export (regulations, " ear ") administration export trade, as well as the us department of trade and economic sanctions imposed by office
Control foreign assets (office of foreign assets control -) of a us treasury and international rules OFAC in terms of trade in arms (international traffic in arms regulations-the state department.) ITAR
Proposing that (1) you haven't got the place of residence / established in the country or region of the embargo the united states government or (2) are not on the list to the referred to refusals above.
Zobowiązujesz comply with any rules of the united states and other countries that export application on its technical data, nor any product direct were not exported or re-exported directly or indirectly, in a way incompatible with the law, nor have they been used for the purposes of prohibited by law.
7.
Limited licence to use applications
We you personal global, inalienable and non-exclusive licences for access odwoływalnej and use of applications for personal purposes and non-commercial in accordance with the terms of this agreement.
All rights, ownership interests and shares in applications that have not been clearly granted licensee in this agreement shall be reserved for the company.
To software, title, trade name, trade mark, mark service, logo, the domain name or any other identifier to which specific features or from other companies owned brand content, it is essential to's prior written consent of the company.
Applications consent may be submitted to the address support @ flo.health.
In order to avoid any doubt, clearly we that all the texts, images, photos, videos, audio and materials, location information and any other data and information produced by the company and made available by it in connection with the application are owned by.
This also applies to, inter alia, visual, functions, interactive graphics interface projects compilation users and users, and assessments compilation content also other elements and components of the application, excluding (as defined below) the content of the users.
Except clearly and unambiguously set out in this agreement, we don't you clearly or any rights, and all the rights to the implicit applications and content companies belong to us.
8.
The rights to the users
Application allows users to add personal notes, sharing their stories, publishing and to reproduce the wording, transmission content (including also in public spaces applications, such as secret talks) and on the recording of certain information in application (" user "). content
You all the rights to the user, which, or in applications. write you post udostępniasz
Linking its user in applications, (a) the content of the company, marketable, subject to the non-exclusive you sub-licence, global and the licence unpaid, copying, modifying, public display, public playback, creating on the basis of the use of its derivatives version, in other studies, changing, and the dissemination of your content in relation the user reformatowanie with the provision and management and related services or for promotional purposes killer app companies (for example by display in our service, in our application, on social media, at any service or on any platform on the internet, according to our recognition) in accordance with the personal privacy; and (b) the company and its responsibility towards zobowiązujesz associates, directors, board of management and employees for any claims and costs, including lawyers ' fees collected as a result of all materials or breach of the conditions of this agreement.
Company reserves the right to assess any content user before they mix the and to remove applications of multimedia content for any reason, at any time without prior notice, as we wish.
9.
Use at their own risk
Our aim is to facilitate the access to useful content on health.
Application can not, however, and does not guarantee health improvement and is not liable for results.
Using applications and information or suggestions provided in the application on their projections their own risk.
Not giving any guarantees on the accuracy of the data, information, estimates and projections, and you agree supplied by the application and to note that the application does not serve you accept such common purpose, what medical devices or scientific.
10.
Reservation concerning the use of applications by minors
Information contained in the applications do not encourage does not inspire, or in any other way do not promote behaviour or sexual activities among minors and are not directed at any particular person.
All the information in the application only serve to general as an educational facility.
Exactly materials made available to anyone between 13. we
And 17.
Years by the application in order to avoid transmission of them inadequate or harmful content.
We fully understand that, in the individual countries moral and ethical rules governing the extent of information about sexuality acceptable to may vary. minors
We are not publishing and we are not publish content sexual which clearly in the light of existing law can be regarded as harmful to minors or minors.
We appropriate measures aimed at ensuring that all material to appear by us in applications are to contain only content based on the facts and backed up by science.
Please note that individual in terms of what is the ethical views of harmful to minors, may diverge from the requirements set out legislation governing the content of. the niepełnoletnim
11.
Subscriptions
Subscription flo premium.
Mobile application offers subscription premium providing access to the additional functions, such as anticipating menstrual cycle assisted based on a lot of data, personalized algorithms on the basis of your symptoms and mode monthly information tools for the detection of physical and emotional or full patterns reports on the state of health, which you can show your doctor.
Subscription include some of our free probation period during which you can try functions mobile applications, free of charge.
Subscription with free probation period is automatically renewed upon its completion and shall then become payable subscription.
If you decide to dispense with paid subscription before we charge for her charges by subscription before the end of free of the probationary period.
We opportunities for monthly and annual subscription.
Fee will be charged with your credit card / debit through your account itunes or google play by selecting subscription and confirmation of the purchase.
Paid subscriptions are, as far as option to automatically renewed automatically pending its renewal is not excluded cancellation in section management in the subscriptions to your account.
Report you where the subscription, and if necessary, we will increase your permission to continue their subscription.
Entry charge will be collected not earlier than 24 hours before the latest paid the subscription period.
Courses.
We monthly, three months and an annual subscription rates.
Fee will be charged with your credit card / debit by Stripe-paying company, inc., platform Stripe-by selecting subscription and confirmation of the purchase.
Understand and clearly you agree to processing all its payments and cash transactions by Stripe.
Shall not be allowed to use platform and with the stolen or unauthorised Stripe account credit cards.
Paid subscriptions are, unless will be disabled automatically extended the auto unless extension or will not be cancelled subscription by contact with our chapter support support @ flo.health.
Report you where the subscription, and if necessary, we will increase your permission to continue their subscription.
To obtain repayment of payments or for other problems with the payment for courses, please contact with our chapter support support @ flo.health.
Subscription flo premium + Telehealth.
Mobile application offers subscription premium to united states users only + Telehealth available.
Subscription premium + are subject to specific conditions. Telehealth
Please careful reading of them before the repurchase subscription.
12.
Secret talks
Secret chat, " the secret talks ") is flo (special function applications, allowing users to communicate with each other on various topics related to human health.
All comments users in secret talks are to be anonymous.
Himself, your comments will be if you remove an visible to other users talks. secret
Users secret talks it shall be prohibited:
Add rude,, vulgar, provocative, discriminatory napastliwe intolerant, religious, racist, homophobic, political or offensive comments and expression;
Posting images or other materials (including links to such materials), which may contain content, regarded as offensive, obscene, pornographic, copyright, having sexual nature clearly violate, which are prohibited in the light of the applicable law or not in accordance with this agreement;
Provide medical advice or be for health professionals;
Advertise products or services.
Perform other prohibited operations referred to in secret talks. rules
Discretion, then we reserve the right to: the removal of any inappropriate or irrelevant comments or materials; disposal or modify the comments, containing personal data, such as the name, address or e-mail; restrict or prohibit access to secret talks at any time and without notice, if we consider that the content or the use of secret talks constitutes a breach of this agreement; use, copying, modification, mixing, movement, change, public presentation, public and dissemination of discussion, comments and reproducing materials; blocking your comments from any reason or their moderowania, if we deem it appropriate; exclusion from access to secret talks at any time and without prior warning.
No information in secret talks should not be regarded as advice for prescription or treatment. a suggestion
If you have any doubts about its state of health, % of licensed professionals. a
It should be remembered that our users are not health professionals and their recommendations may be not only inaccurate, but also for your health and well-being of harmful.
Read more about the rules for communication in secret talks in our principles of secret talks.
Rules secret talks are an integral part of the agreement.
Accepting agreement, do you agree with the conditions described in the secret talks.
In maximum extent allowable (including, inter alia, by the law, but not limited to " the law on the standards for telecommunications ' from 1996) decency
Company shall not be liable for any direct or indirect effects resulting from information and material by users, any links to appear acts or omissions of users, infringements existing legislation.
13.
Password
Ponosisz responsibility to take reasonable steps in order to secure access to the accounts and passwords to applications before people. niepowołanymi
Ponosisz sole responsibility for (1) the supervision of the dissemination and use of data to log in, user name and password; (2) the authorisation, monitoring and control of access to your account and password in the application and to benefit from him; and (3) immediately informs, if you think your account companies or password, or if there is another reason were intercepted needs dezaktywowania password.
Write to us at the address support @ flo.health.
Originate firm and all other persons or entities involved in the action right to transmission, monitoring search applications, storage and use of your data in connection with the application.
Company can not and does not assume any liability for any of the data, which, for the use of or misuse or you by you or external actors information sent or received by means of applications.
14.
Off guarantee
Company controls and supports application from various locations and does not ensure that the application is appropriate or available for use in all locations.
Application or some of its functions may not be available in your location.
Application supplied is based on the " as is " and " how available, " without any clear or implicit guarantee, including, inter alia, implicit guarantee legal title, rights, sales opportunities and suitability for NIENARUSZENIA defined objective, as well as any guarantees implicit by transaction; all guarantees with respect are expressly excluded, except for the scope of the required by law.
Company its board of directors, employees, representatives, the contractor, partners and content providers can not guarantee that: (a) the application will be secured or within a specified time available or location; (b) any shortcomings or errors will be corrected; (c) any content or software available in or by the application will be free of viruses or other harmful elements; (d) the results of the use of applications meet your requirements.
Using applications is only your own risk; or (e) that content, texts, images, software, graphics and messages from third parties and available for or in the application, including the secret talks are accurate, reliable and complete.
Legal systems several u.s. / countries do not provide for possibilities to reduce the duration of the guarantee (statutory), so these restrictions tacit may not apply in your situation.
15.
The limitation of liability
In any event, the company, its board of directors, directors, representatives, associated employees, advertisers or entities data providers will not be responsible for any indirect damage, accidental or criminal damage (including resulting, inter alia, the loss of profit or loss of data inability to use), both in its action on agreement and the infringement of the non-respect (including, inter alia, negligence), law or otherwise, of equity resulting from or in any way related to the use of this application.
Total responsibility arising from these conditions, with the use of or can not benefit from in any case not exceed respectively applications amounts to you paid for the use of company application or a $ 100 bill ($ 100), if you didn't have previously any payment obligations towards companies.
Some jurisdictions do not provide for the possibility to exempt or limitation of liability, so these restrictions may not apply in your situation.
Company and none of the third parties listed in the application are not liable for any personal injury, including death caused by your use or misuse of applications.
16.
Use of mobile devices
It should be noted that, if you have a application on a mobile, continue to apply the normal rates and charges your, such as fees for operator text messages and data transmission.
17.
Services outside bodies
Application can give you access to links leading to websites outside bodies, application or other products or services (" external actors ') services.
Firm does not control services in connection with this external actors and does not bear any liability related to services external actors.
You must take the appropriate steps in order to assess whether access to the services of external, including in terms of is the protection of your personal data and privacy during the use of such services outside bodies and respect for existing agreements.
18.
Your feedback
Are always welcome your comments on the application.
All correspondence to send to us, and published in the shops applications content are considered non-confidential, unless expressly you do not check otherwise.
Accept that we can decide to publish such content as we wish.
You agree to give us power of attorney to the use of such content free of charge, and correction, modify, adaptation and change or for any other amendments which kontekstowo we fit.
19.
To exercise the rights
We are not obliged to monitor access or to the use of applications.
Nevertheless so we reserve the right to do this in order to ensure the operation and maintenance, while respecting the provisions of the agreement and applications in keeping with the existing legislation.
Proceedings illegal may be reported by law enforcement authorities.
In addition, in the course of legal proceedings we can work with law enforcement authorities, to punish users offenders.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right (but we are not obliged to remove) or blocking any content published on the application or access to the application at any time and without prior warning, and according to our own recognition, if we find that your content or the use of the application are inadequate or constitute a violation of this agreement.
Company did not have any responsibility to users applications, any other persons or entities for the implementation of or failure to exercise described above activities.
20.
Changes in applications
Application may be amended and extended upgraded for some time, without prior notification.
We can also at any time no longer use part or all applications or selectively to block specific functions of the application.
Use by you, applications shall not entitle you to require continuous operation or the availability of applications.
Any modifications or liquidation applications or any functions will be done according to our own defined recognition and without commitments or responsibility towards you.
21.
Compensation
Agree defend release and secure and its management company, directors, employees, representatives of, and providers against any claims, actions licencjodawców and responsibility, and any costs and expenditure linked to the defense, including, inter alia, before the legitimate costs legal and accounting based or resulting from breach of this agreement.
22.
Final provisions
Disputes arising from this agreement will be settled in accordance with the provisions of the law of the state of california (usa) regardless of their contradiction with other legislation.
Full exclusive jurisdiction for litigation and arising in connection with this agreement belongs to the court for the county or federal in san francisco, the state of california county, and the parties shall waive the right to process this unconditionally involving grand jury.
Any lawsuits action in relation to the use by about you with application must be lodged within one (1) year from the claims or grounds for legal action.
If for any reason, the competent court finds that any of the provisions of this agreement or parts of it is impossible to comply with for any reason, then such a provision will be carried out as much, so that the intention of this agreement, acceptable range and other provisions of this agreement remains in force.
In judicial proceedings or administrative may be printed version of this agreement use.
Renunciation by the rights under this agreement can not be considered as surrender for the future permanently this or any other law, and by the company with the provisions of this law or nieskorzystanie agreement does not constitute a waiver resulting from them rights in the future.
If any of the provisions of this agreement will be recognised by the competent court or any other authorised operator in the relevant jurisdiction null and void, illegal or feasible, such a provision will be removed or limited to narrowest of the scope to other provisions of this agreement have retained at full power.
After termination of the contract all of its provisions, which due to their nature should remain in force, will continue to apply, including
Provisions relating to property rights, exemption guarantees and limitation of liability.
Any claims between the parties arising from this agreement will be dealt with in court individually and pages will not be merge them or class actions in connection with any claim made unless previously agreed in writing by the parties.
Can at any time the provision of services to close your account or refuse to change the rules for the provision of services.
23.
The procedure for reporting and disposal of
If you think material available in or through the application affect your copyright, you can request removal of these materials (or access to them) from this applications, calling the company and by providing the following information:
A.
Identification works protected by copyright, which is your opinion, used in a manner legitimate.
Describe work and, if possible, attach a copy of or the location (e.g.
Page application) authorised works. version
B.
Identification material that you think is the subject of the infringement and its location.
Describe material, as well as the given url or any other material information that will enable us to locate the material.
C.
Your name, address, telephone number and (if possible) e-mail address.
D.
A statement confirming that acting in good faith, do you suppose the dissemination of as described in the notice shall be content without the consent of holders of copyrights or his representative or takes place outside the boundaries acceptable by law.
E.
Statement certifying that the information that is accurate and indicating that " delivered under penalty " that you're proposing krzywoprzysięstwa copyright holder or you have authority to act on behalf of the copyright holder.
F.
Signature or its electronic equivalent complex copyright holder or his authorised representative.
By efforts to protect the rights of copyright holders company maintains policy in order to termination of the contract in appropriate circumstances, for subscribers and holders of, in applications, who repeatedly accounts undermine.
Your questions and comments
In the case of comments or questions concerning the application of these conditions or use, the need to obtain aid or if you have problems, please contact with us at support @ flo.health.
