The conditions for use
Last updated: 3 april 2014.
Welcome websites company entegra ltd.
And its branches (" "). entegra
" Websites companies ' includes the garmin.com, garmin.blogs.com, entegra, and other websites, my.garmin.com connect.garmin.com on which is this the conditions of use.
Used therein verbs in first person plural (" we ") and the words " us " and " our " relate to firms. entegra
Please accurate to learn more about these conditions before the use of any internet company entegra.
Use of any internet company implies acceptance of these conditions of use. entegra
People who do not accept these conditions of use, they can't use websites of entegra.
Please note that for the part of services or functions in certain websites companies made available may be in force for the special conditions. entegra
These conditions shall be published on the incidence of a particular service or functions.
Any conditions for such complement these conditions for the use and in case of conflicting take precedence over the conditions laid down in that document.
Company entegra may modify the conditions of use this at any time, by publishing their updating.
User has to comply with all modified conditions and should therefore from time to time to visit this way to see conditions of use.
The use of content
Content websites companies, including text, graphics, entegra images, films and other materials, as well as the domain names, slogans, the names of and the overall image, and how to use (also called " content "), a total of parties are protected by copyright in the united states and other countries and are owned by companies or other companies which have her entegra license their materials.
Unauthorised furthermore, the use of this content may constitute a violation of copyright, rights concerning trademarks and other rights.
For web companies, which allow users to download a certain amount entegra, the user can get and save in one computer one copy such content solely for personal use at home, non-commercial subject to the following reservations: (a) all the information about copyright and other information contained in the original content will be maintained in all made copies content; (b) can not sell and modify the content and the her or display, presented publicly, distribute and use in any way and in any public or commercial purposes without the written consent of entegra; (c) must not be used in a way that would indicate on its content relationship with any of the products, services or brands of the user.
Can not be without the written consent companies perform in any of the server copies of the material entegra available on the website of the company any mirror effect becomes entegra.
Use content to other web sites or in environments computer for any purpose without written consent of entegra is prohibited.
Marks logos and marks of services (" ") displayed on websites of signs are owned by companies or third parties entegra entegra.
The use of these characters without written consent companies or third parties shall be prohibited. entegra
Information on the approval by the companies to use their own website content entegra are available at the e-mail address webmaster @ garmin.com.
If at any website companies will be made available for download and software entegra take such software, it will be-user including
All files, images representing an integral all or it generated and contained therein data (including called " software ")-covered by the licence by our company or other user allocated and covering the personal at home licencjodawców non-commercial.
This does not mean to transfer the title software for the user.
Must not be distributed or in any other way use software, and him, not to his dezasemblować dekompilować source code or in any other way possible to read in character convert part or in full.
Except where it is clearly identified, the company does not provide any guarantee-clear or entegra implicit software, including-for m.
In.
Guarantees as to the commercial value, suitability for any purpose, legal title and not harming rights.
Entegra company is not responsible for: (1), incorrect action or their lack of internal software; inaccuracies (2) the loss of or damage (including m.
In.
For any damage resulting intermediate incidental, special or moral damages) arising from the collection and use of software or resulting from the inaccuracies, errors or lack of performance of the software.
If the records are unacceptable in the law, responsibility is limited to the full extent by entegra DOPUSZCZANYM right.
Public forums and exchange of information
" Forum public ' means an area party or function made available through any internet company, which allow users to upload content (entegra " content sent by user ") displayed by one or more users of websites, including, inter alia, companies entegra
Mailing lists, forums, the environment, the parties capable of conducting talks and social blogs.
User acknowledges that public forums and made available through them serve to public and private functions not, exchange of information, and confirms that the protection of privacy is not expected for a sent by the user for a public forum.
We can not guarantee security disclosures through such mechanisms; user voluntarily and shall disclose information at their own risk.
Placing information notes or other type of content relating to other users, service providers, companies or any other third parties, the user entegra should be guided by prudence.
User can be held liable for damage suffered by legal other users, a company or by third parties as a result of actionable under entegra or comments, observations or other information or oszczerczych content uploaded by the user to any company website entegra.
Company entegra has no legal responsibility for the content transmitted by the user, even if the content that is nature or contains content at risk of legal consequences. oszczerczy
User sole responsibility for content, which distributes to any website companies or through her a entegra public forum, and for the consequences of their transmission and publishing.
Not we have the obligation to monitor any public forum.
User sole responsibility for damage resulting from the copyright infringements or property rights and for all other damages arising in connection with the content of sent by the user.
Materials any internet company by sending, the user shall be granted or guarantees, automatically entegra that their owner clearly admitted to free from royalties, solid entegra irrevocable, law and a licence to use a reproduction non-exclusive, modify, adaptation, publishing, translation and distribution of such materials (in part or in full) throughout the world and / or putting them in other works in any form, by any means and using any technology, known today or in the future, to the full period developed copyright or other rights which may be applicable to this type of materials.
User allows users to access to other furthermore materials and their browsing, storage and reproduction for private use.
User recognises this right to editing, copying, company entegra publishing and distributing any materials made available for any company website entegra.
User confirms that using or building on content sent by the user published in any public forum at their own risk does it only.
Not responding, for example, for opinions, advice and recommendations published or sent by the user to any public-don't be under them signing forums and strongly, we are foregoing any related responsibilities.
Not we also nor qualifications, preparation, education or skills weryfikujemy users or particulars to appear by them on any public discourse.
Therefore recommend caution and the use of common sense and prudence when using any website or any forum public companies entegra.
Conduct: user confirms that it will not be sent to any website content which: companies entegra
Oszczerczy abusive or is a, offensive contains threats or constitutes a breach of the right to privacy of another person;
Contains content, hatred or disparaging remarks about expressing prejudices race or other issues;
Contains content related to violence,, obscene, pornographic material or reimbursements wulgaryzmy other clearly relating to sex, or content, which in any other way harm or may predictable harm other individuals or entities law;
Contains illegal content, calling for committing the offence or defending such attitudes, raises issues in conjunction with the intention of committing unlawful activities; this includes also content transmitted by user that is proof or is an attempt to engage in activities related to child pornography, other persons, sexual attack, deception dręczeniem, trade prohibited or materials, distribution of drugs and / or stolen being abused, theft or in aimed at napastliwością committing acts legally prohibited;
Breaks or contravenes any rights of third parties, including:
And) copyright, patents, signs marks, business secrets or other property rights or the right under the agreements; (b) the right to privacy (in particular, must not distribute any personal data of other persons without their express agreement) or the right to disclosure of; or (c) obligations concerning confidentiality;
Is commercial in nature or business, any of the goods, services or other items advertises or offers (regardless of their sales, whether it's the nature of the commercial or not) or contains requests addressed to other people, including requests for donations or legacies);
Contains virus or other harmful ingredients or otherwise interfering, makes action or websites of entegra or any damages the network, or in any other way connected mind to persons or entities legal in the use of websites companies; entegra
(A) do not generally refers to the theme or theme of the flagship; (b) affect public forum in the public forum, including the restrictions in place restrictions on the age and procedures; or (c) is an, distorts peace or is destroying-this includes, inter alia, "
Flaming obrzucanie " (), " is that (send unsolicited manner), " spamming ' flooding " (), " the dissemination of a large number of trolling " (or users) and " ridicule insulting forum " (play games (griefing irytowanie contributors to the) for their own pleasure) within the meaning of in so far as these notions are widely used in the internet; or
Contains incorrect or misleading information.
We can not guarantee that other users will adhere to the described above rules of behaviour or other provisions of these conditions of use, and therefore takes over all the risk associated with user possible damage and wrongs of those rules and provisions. caused failure
Zastrzegamy reserve the right, we give up on this any obligation and responsibility, to prevent the publication and / or disposal content sent by user to any website company that violates these conditions of use (entegra including conduct).
Accounts
Some services are available on websites companies are able to fund accounts (or that require entegra) in order to participate in specific activities or provide additional benefit.
User undertakes to provide, maintain and true, accurate, and current update complete data about yourself, according to the requirements under registration (" data registration).
User confirms that it will not be said he was the other person or a legal entity and made false statements on identity or links with other persons or legal entities, the user will not.
Used names passwords and other users or data account names, voting, image or other photographs podobizn people.
User will also tell us immediately-message to address sending webmaster @-of any known cases garmin.com unauthorised use of the names, and other data accounts and of infringements passwords safeguards in connection with using any internet company entegra.
In case of non-compliance by the user these conditions for the use or special conditions relating to a particular service we can withhold or permanently block access by him with accounts or any internet company (or their parts). entegra
Responsibility entegra
Company entegra does not grant any assurances or guarantees for the accuracy, reliability, completeness and timeliness the content and the results obtained through the use of websites of companies and content. entegra
User is relying on websites companies and content at its own risk. entegra
From time to time on the internet companies are the amendments; they may be entegra introduced at any time.
Part of the content available on the internet companies may be supplied by third parties, entegra for which the company is not responsible. entegra
Company entegra does not guarantee their websites or the action BEZBŁĘDNEGO that its websites and servers from which they benefit, are free from computer viruses or other harmful elements.
If use of websites companies or content will lead to the need for repair or entegra replacement of equipment, loss of earnings or data, the company is not responsible for those costs. entegra
Websites companies and the content shall be made available in the form of " entegra which are " without the granting of any such guarantee.
Company entegra, the maximum permitted by law, does not provide any guarantees, including m.
In.
Guarantee suitability commercial property rights or the rights of third parties or not harming suitability for a specific purpose.
Disclaimer for some losses
User is relying on websites companies exclusively on its own responsibility. entegra
Failing satisfaction with content or other materials or consent to the conditions of use should be discontinued use niewyrażenia websites of entegra.
Company entegra and the third parties listed on the internet companies are not, in any case entegra liable for any loss (including, inter alia, specific and performance, accidental losses to the benefits or losses resulting from the loss of data, loss of business opportunities) arising from the use or lack of the possibility of using websites of companies and, regardless of the content of entegra, is the basis for claims would be default on agreements or guarantees or committing, even if the company act non-authorised has previously been informed about the possibility of such entegra damage.
Some states do not recognise the elimination or reduction of loss or performance and in this case, these random limitation or exclusion may not be applicable.
In such a situation such exclusion or limitation applies to the maximum extent possible by the applicable law. DOPUSZCZANYM
Links to other parties
In websites companies may have links to websites entegra third parties held by other companies.
Link shall be published only for the convenience of users and do not constitute a recommendation companies presented there content. entegra
Company entegra has no responsibility for the content of these parties and does not grant any assurances or guarantees for the accuracy of the materials presented on these sites or procedures relating to the confidentiality of data used by third parties.
User is relying on websites other companies only on its own responsibility.
Applications of third parties
On websites companies may be an opportunity of applications, entegra nadarzyć that we created, in cooperation with third parties.
Company entegra does not grant any assurances or guarantees with regard content or functional such applications or on third parties rules the protection of privacy, as well as those software developers does not take responsibility for this.
Decisiveness is to collect and use in the case of any of those applications user does it at its own risk.
Compensation
User agrees to protect and safeguard the company and its representatives, managers, employees entegra and agents against any claims, legal action and the costs arising from the alleged or actual infringement by the conditions of use.
Export control
The united states and some other countries export products and supervise the information.
User agrees to respect such restrictions and not to export or content to countries and persons subject to prohibition reeksportować according to the law on export controls.
Draw content, user confirms that is not in the country ban this kind of export, and that is not listed in the table prohibition orders (table of denial orders) of the us doc or on the list of entities covered by the sanctions (Specially designated nationals) carried out by the us treasury.
User is responsible for compliance with the provisions of the local jurisdiction on import, export or re-export of content.
Note special on potential of collecting data on users the my.garmin.com
When attached personal navigation device or devices the company to usb port entegra nüvifone computer and transition to the parties (if this applies to the specific device companies my.garmin.com) will message from equipment company entegra entegra to the company specific data stored in the, archival entegra including
Graphs traces (points on which the device list was in referred to) and information on advertising accompanying moments in the application, such as information as to which have been shown how often they were advertising selected and how often had specific actions, such as
Saving coupon connections, location, which is initiating telephone advertising, or route to that determination of location.
More information on how to collect, use or dissemination of such information by the company can be found in the privacy statements entegra set out on the product / privacy / www.garmin.com.
Using from the user agrees to the collection, my.garmin.com exploitation and sharing of such information in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph and privacy statements by the company entegra.
Policy copyright
Company entegra comply with intellectual property rights other.
Principle company is closing, at its own discretion and entegra when appropriate, accounts users who are likely to affect or repeatedly violated copyright of third parties.
For reporting infringements of copyright to should be sent notification in accordance with law entegra digital millennium copyright act (" the dmca ') providing below referred to copyright in writing representative, the following information:
Physical or electronic signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right, about which there is a suspicion that is being violated.
Term work copyright concerned covered by copyright infringements, or, in the suspicion if the notification concerns many work on a single website, the list of these work on this side. representative
Identification of the material, which is suspected of copyright infringements or subject to the action, which must be removed or affecting these rights to which should be closed access and oral sufficient information to allow service providers to locate this material.
Sufficient information to enable service provider contact with the party, such as making the complaint: address, telephone number and, if available, electronic mail address at which they can contact with the party making the complaint.
Statement that the lodging a complaint goodwill directs convinced that a material is used in an illegal manner by the copyright holder, his representative or the right.
A statement that the information contained in the notification are precise and the penalty for perjury, that party is empowered to take action lodging a complaint on behalf of the owner, for which there is suspicion of exclusive rights, that is violated.
It should be noted that in the event of all the requirements set out in the preceding paragraph, the failure to comply with in conjunction with law the dmca can be considered as null and void.
See the 17 u.
P.
C.)
512 in order to obtain more precise information about the law and notifications related to this law. the dmca
With our representative for the
Notifications suspicion of copyright infringements may be contacted as follows:
By electronic mail: copyright @ garmin.com
By ordinary mail:
The dmca designated agent
Attn: legal department
Entegra international, inc.
1200 east 151st street
Olathe, ks 66062
General
To an acceptable level by the provisions contained in the following paragraph, all the legal issues arising from the use of internet companies law applied to the state of kansas entegra regulates contracts performed in the state of kansas, except under the existing legislation conflicts.
Using internet companies, user agrees that exclusive entegra instance decisive any claims and legal actions arising from the use of internet companies will county court of the united states for the entegra kansas or other court located in johnson county, the state of kansas.
User as irrevocable in the maximum permitted by law departs from any objections, now and in the future, on the hearing in court and claims which may be in such a court presented.
If user: (a) is not a citizen of the united states; (b) not resides in the united states; (c) does not have access to the internet companies from the territory of the united states; and (entegra (d) is a national of one of the countries listed below, the user this states that any disputes or claims arising from the application of these conditions benefit will be settled under laid down in that document the provisions of the applicable law, except by conflict of law, and in a final existing agrees to abide by jurisdiction in the state region or country of judicial force set out below which the law governing the:
If the user is a national of:
Any eu country
Applicable law and court:
English law; london, england
If necessary, submit a complaint or contact further information can be international, inc., entegra
1200 151st east street, kansas, united states, 66062 Olathe, under number (913) by telephone (please ask contact your system administrator 397-8200), or using e-mail: webmaster @ garmin.com.
