Staff
Company facebook ireland limited has changed its name to meta Platforms ireland limited.
Zaktualizowaliśmy our rules of procedure, the rules governing data and rules on file in order to reflect the new name cookie, 4 january 2022
Although name of our company has changed, still we intend to offer the same products, including the application from instagram meta.
Our rules concerning the data and rules of procedure shall continue to apply and the change of name does not affect the way we use or is being made available data.
Learn more about the company and our vision meta metawersum.
Staff
Welcome on instagram.
This regulation (or " staff ') governs the use by the user of, except in cases where we find clearly instagram that apply other regulations (and not this regulation) and contains the following information about the service (" service "). instagram
Account instagram or use of the creation of a means accepting this regulation.
To services does not apply the rules of company meta.
Clicking here will appear agreement, and other information, a summary of here which transfer requires us to the european code of electronic communications.
If user is an economic operator, set up in the eu and benefits from purchasing instagram to sell goods to consumers in the eu, can learn more about the trade relations with us, verifying content of the notification to business, which complements platforms our rules of procedure.
Instagram service is one of the company's products supplied by a user meta meta Platforms ireland limited.
This regulation constitutes an agreement between the holder and meta Platforms ireland limited.
Metryczka
Meta Platforms ireland limited, 4 grand canal square, dublin 2, ireland
Meta Platforms ireland limited is a company registered in accordance with the law of the republic of ireland.
Reference number: 462932
Contact e-mail:
Network enforcement act (law law) (" ") online Netzdg
To learn more about the law and about how the content of the report Netzdg which user considers incompatible with its provisions, please go to help center associated with the act right online.
Law enforcement personnel may request for information in accordance with the law, using the online submission system Netzdg for law enforcement authorities.
Representative for the
Administrative proceedings and proceedings before the court of civil as defined in article 5 (1): Netzdg freshfields part (berlin bruckhaus Deringer Steuerberater), rechtsanwälte Gmbb potsdamer platz 1, 10785 berlin.
Act copyright protection providers (" ") Urhdag
Authorised recipient in court proceedings, in accordance with paragraph 20, it: freshfields bruckhaus Deringer Urhdag (düsseldorf), rechtsanwälte Steuerberater Partg mbb 1 40545 düsseldorf Feldmühleplatz.
Information to the media state
Notification administrative under () (german treaty between Medienstaatsvertrag Mstv landami for
Media meta Platforms) for ireland ltd.
May be transmitted to: facebook germany gmbh, c / o Freshfieldsbruckhausderingerrechtsanwältesteuerberaterpartgmbb, 7, hamburg. Hohebleichen 20354
Ranking of
Here presenting information on the ranking of content.
Service instagram
Our commitment is to provide a service instagram user.
Service covers all the products, functions, applications, services, technologies and software, which provide for the implementation of the mission instagram instagram: by him of persons and goods favorite user zoom.
Service consists of the following elements:
Offer personalised opportunities for content and they become available, networking, communication and discovery novelties.
People differ.
Enabling user strengthening relations through the exchange of important for him information and experience.
We systems, trying to meet important issues for users and use this information to help user in developing and which affect them finding information and joining the important for him events and exchange important experiences.
One manifestation of this approach is the presentation of the content, function, offers and which might interest user accounts and offer to take advantage of his various service on the basis of its actions and actions instagram other in other than him. serwisiei
Support positive, open and secure environment.
Formulate and we use tools and we offer our community measures for the use of service members in a safe, even if we believe that may need assistance.
We also assemblies and involved in combating fraud and violations of our systems regulations and rules of behaviour and cases of harmful and fraudulent.
We are using all available information, including user data, to ensure the security of our platform.
We can also make available information on cases of fraud or harmful content to other firms belonging to the meta or law enforcement authorities.
More information can be found in the rules concerning the data.
Development and use of technology in which we can consistently serve our growing populations.
Key our service is cleaning and analysing information for our growing populations.
A big part of service is the creation and use of state-of-the-art technology, which allow us, the protection and improvement of service to the incredibly personalizowanie large scale for enormous worldwide.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning gives us the possibility to apply the complex processes throughout the service.
Technologies automated help also in ensuring the functionality and integrity of our service.
Ensuring consistent and efficient ways of using products of the companies meta.
Instagram is one of the companies belonging to the meta, which benefit from the same technologies, systems, analyses and information, including information available on the user (more on this subject in the rules on data) in order to provide better and safer services and increase security.
We will also provide the possibility of interactions under different user products of the companies that benefit and special schemes meta enabling him to the use of various products of the companies in a coherent and bezproblemowy meta.
Ensuring access to our service.
In order to use our worldwide, and we must keep a transmit data between our worldwide systems, including outside the country of residence of the user.
Preconditions use of our service is an important and the use of such global infrastructure.
Such infrastructure may be owned or may be operated by meta Platforms, inc.,
Meta Platforms ireland limited or their related parties.
Presenting users brands, products and services, on which they care about.
We data given in service and other products of the companies and the instagram meta from external partners to display a user and other content, publicity, offer which, in our view, they will be brought to him of.
We are also that they are equally important, as all the other impression instagram user.
Research and innovation.
Using to develop, test and available information service and improve our cooperation with other players in research improve this and on the contribution to good communities.
Include for the analysis of the data that we have on our users and understanding of the use of our service by, for example by users analyses and tests and solving problems with the new functions.
The method of financing of our service
Instead pay for the use of instagram, through the use of service covered by this regulation user acknowledges that we can display him, for which the promotion in products advertising companies and beyond meta companies and organisations. we're getting paid
Use personal data user, such as information about his activity and interests, in order to display user advertisements, which are for him more interesting.
User wyświetlamy accurate and information on the provision of advertising useful without reklamodawcom user.
We don't sell users ' personal data.
We reklamodawcom for the transmission of such information, as their objective us and business customers, which want to display group type of advertising.
Then their advertising in people who may be we're concerned.
We reklamodawcom also reports on through which it will be easier effectiveness of advertising them to see how customers respond to their content instagram and beyond.
We reklamodawcom, for example, general demographic data and data on interest, in order to facilitate them to understand their own audience.
Is not available information, which allow direct identification user (such as name or e-mail address, which allow contact with the user or to determine who is) without the express consent of the user.
More information with advertising instagram here. find
Instagram appear materials related to brand published by holders of accounts, who promote the products or services on the basis of a trade agreement with partner business that material.
More information on this can be found here:
Rules concerning the data
Sharing our service requires collection and use of data user.
Data explained in the rules governing the way in which we gather, we use and information in products company. we've been revealing meta
Discussed there too many ways of controlling its data, including by the user through settings of privacy and security service instagram.
Commitments user
In exchange for the provision of service user assume we demand from the following commitments.
Who can benefit from instagram.
We want to make our service was so open, as far as possible, but we want to be safe and lawful.
Therefore from users who want to become part of the community, we require comply with the specific limits instagram.
User has to be over 13 years.
Users service can not be prohibiting the use of any of the functions of our service in accordance with the applicable law or the use of payments relating to service in connection with the presence on the list of prohibited.
User services could not have had in the past, blocked accounts due to violations of the law or of any of our principles.
Persons convicted of sexual offences can not benefit from service.
How can not be used on instagram.
To ensure a safe and open service for a large community involvement of all parties requires.
Podszywać can not be under any other person or administered imprecise information.
Need not be disclosed his identity instagram, but information should be given accurate and up-to-date (including registration data), to which may include personal data.
Nor is it the other person or entity or podszywać create account for another person without the explicit consent.
Can not be followed in unlawfully, misleading or implement illegal or illegal purposes. used fraudulently
Affect nor to help other people can not be (or encourage others to violations of) of this regulation or our principles, including in particular the rules, of the rules of the use of services meta community instagram and principles for developers and the rules regarding the music.
Where published materials related to the brand should be followed our rules on related material, according to which must be to make use of the tools for the determination of material related to brand.
Guidance on how to report these behaviour or substance contains help center.
You can't do anything that would harm or action service upośledzało.
Include the misuse of channel for transmission of, dispute resolution or lodging appeals, e.g.
By submitting false or arbitrary declarations or appeals.
Accounts can not be created or try to obtain access to information or charge them in a way unauthorised.
This includes setting up your account or collection of information by automated means without our explicit authorisation.
Can not be sold, made available under the licence or buy data obtained from the us or through our Serwisowi.
Fall into this sample the purchase, sale or transfer of any component of accounts (including user name), collection, or use of the data collection login or other users, or attempts to generate or badges collection usernames service instagram, or misused access. token password
Shall not be published private or confidential information to any other person without her consent or to take any action contrary to the rights of another person, including intellectual property rights (e.g.
Copyright violation, breach of the rights of a trade mark counterfeit or pirated goods).
Can benefit from works of another person subject to certain exceptions or limitations to copyright and related rights in accordance with the applicable law.
User declares that it has or has received all the necessary rights in published or made available content.
For more information, including on the content, which, according to the user, reporting its intellectual property rights, can be found to infringe here.
Can not be modified, explain to create works of derivatives or our products or their components. dekompilować
May not be used in its username domain name or url without the prior written consent.
Licences granted by the users.
As part of our agreement provides us with licences required for this user to provide a service.
Not rościmy to property rights to the content of the user; however, it provides us he licences for their use.
Nothing changes in terms of user rights for its content.
Not rościmy itself rights to the content of published in service or user through her.
User can share their content to any person and elsewhere.
To provide the service but we need from the user (called " licence ") of certain.
Then, in the provision, publication or sending intellectual property rights (e.g. content of
Photographs or films) in our service or in conjunction with him user gives us, including the right to grant niewyłączną przenaszalną sub-licences, global, use, allowing for operating licence, modify, distribution, copying, public or playing starting display, content and creating on the basis of the translation of his works subsidiaries (in accordance with the selected by the user settings privacy and to ensure the availability service instagram applications).
This licence expires, together with the removal of our systems. the content of the user
User may remove the various components of the content or content of all at the same time removing himself.
More information on how to our use of information and the ways of controlling and / or disposal of user contain rules concerning the data and the aid service instagram.
Username use, his pictures and information on its activities and affiliation profilowego undertaken in relation to the accounts, advertising and sponsorship content.
User agrees to display, without any remuneration for the user, his username, photos and information about its relationship (e.g. profilowego
On persons followers) or activities (e.g.
Polubieniach) taken in relation to the accounts, advertising, offers and other content that is observed or on which reacts sponsorship, and which are displayed in products company meta.
Can, for example, to show that user like created by brand, who paid post sponsored us for display its advertising instagram.
Like actions in relation to other content and persons other accounts, action in respect of followers content and those accounts can see obserwujące sponsorship only the person that have sponsored permission to display such content or persons followers.
We also selected by the user settings on advertising.
More information on the settings on advertising can be found here.
User agrees to downloading and installing by us update on its devices.
Additional retained by us law
Chooses username or if you like identifier for his account, we can change it if we deem it appropriate or necessary (e.g.
If break somebody else's intellectual property rights or another user). represents
If user uses the intellectual property rights, which we have covered by content and is being made available in our service (for example, provided by the us images, projects films or sounds that user added to set up or made available by yourself content) all rights in our content (but we're not to the content of the user).
User can use our intellectual property rights, trademarks or similar indications only if their use is expressly permitted when in our guidelines on brand or issued by us prior written agreement.
To modify, creating works or other subsidiaries attempt to obtain from us dekompilacji source code is required our written consent (or authorisation under license open source).
Removing content and blocking or closing accounts
Can remove any content or the information published by the user in service, in the case of belief that they violate this regulation, our rules (including as community service) or where instagram incumbent on us such a legal obligation.
Can refuse or immediately cease to user to all or part of services (including closure or the user access to the company's products and meta) to protect the products of the companies meta our community or where the services or user us at risk or legal responsibility, will in case of non-compliance by the user of this regulation or our principles (including rules communities), in case of persistent violations of the rights of instagram intellectual property of other persons or where the incumbent on us such a legal obligation.
Can we end or change service, remove or the content or the information made available in our service or stop provide service wholly or in part, if we consider that this is justified and necessary to prevent or mitigate the negative effects of legal or regulatory on our side.
In certain cases, if we eliminate content provided by the user, we'll notify him about it and explain to him to apply for a another review, unless a serious and persistent violations of this regulation is allowed or when such measures will put us or other persons under the responsibility of legal, harm our community users or impair the integrity or to any of the threaten our services, systems or, where we have technical limitations products or when we've got a prohibit such behaviour.
If user considers that his account was closed by mistake or wants to block or permanently remove my account, should refer to the information at the centre of the aid.
If you will make a proposal to remove the content or his account, the process of removing starts automatically not later than 30 days after its submission.
Completion of the process of removing content may take up to 90 days.
During the process of removing the content shall no longer be seen by other users, but subject to this, and our rules on the rules of procedure of the data.
After removal of the content, their removal of backup or recovery systems data after the accident could take further 90 days.
Our right to terminate the contract with good reason, remains unchanged.
Legitimate reason is the case in particular where the party is in breach of obligations under this regulation, any provisions, rights of third parties or rules on privacy, and from the agreement can not be expected to maintain its contractual relationship rozwiązującej taking into account all the circumstances of the case and after weighing interests of both parties, until the agreed time of termination of the contract or the expiry of the period of notice.
Solution with good reason, is only possible within a reasonable time after the information about the breach. powzięciu
If legitimate reason is breach of an undertaking resulting from this regulation, the termination of the contract is permitted only after the expiry of its effectiveness to repair breach or when his objection warning.
Yet there is no need to set the deadline for the repair infringement, if the other party strongly and refuses to comply with commitments or irrevocably specific circumstances justify a solution immediately if after weighing interests of both parties.
If you think that his account has been blocked by mistake or wants to exclude or completely suppressed account should refer to the information at the centre of the aid.
Content will not be removed within 90 days after removal of the account or start the process of removing in the following situations:
When content have been used by other persons in accordance with the user given license and these people, they don't remove (in which case the licence shall last until) remove the content; or
When removal within 90 days is not possible due to technical constraints on our systems, in which case the finish, whenever technically possible removal or
When removing content would make our ability to:
Examination or found unlawful activities or breach of our regulations and rules of (for example, in order to determine or examine misuse of our products or systems);
Protection of the safety of our products, systems and users;
Obligation to legal, such as the security evidence; or
Demands judicial or administrative authority comply with law enforcement authority or public administration;
Where content will be maintained for a period of no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which they have been retained (exact duration of will be determined individually.
You delete himself or if we block, this regulation will cease to apply as the agreement between the holder and us, but this section and section below titled " our agreement and what happens if not consent " will continue to apply even after we can express the closure, blocks or deletes the user accounts.
Our agreement and what happens if not consent we express
Our agreement.
User music in service is also subject to the use of rules on music, and the use of api use of services and is subject to the rules of procedure meta rules on developers.
If user benefits from certain other functions or related services, will be able to accept additional regulations, which also become component of the agreement between us.
For example, if a user makes use of the functions of payment will be asked to acceptance of the community on payment.
In case of non-compliance with these regulations provisions of this agreement, priority will have these regulations.
Impracticability any of the provisions of this agreement shall not affect the validity of the other provisions.
Any additions to or derogations from this agreement must be in writing and be signed by the us.
Inability to enforce any of the provisions of this agreement is not considered its repeal.
Any rights which have not been so we reserve the clearly granted to the operator.
Who have rights under this agreement.
This agreement does not grant rights to any third party.
The user can not pass on any of their rights and obligations arising from this agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations may be transferable.
It could happen, for example,
In case of change in ownership (as a merger, takeover or the sale of assets) or under the law.
Who is responsible, if anything should happen.
Responsibility only as regards the following: according to existing regulations are unlimited liability in the event of death, injury on the body or health, in the case wilful misconduct, gross negligence and in accordance with the law on product liability.
Without prejudice to the above entries bear responsibility for minor only in case of breach " significant " negligence of an obligation arising from this agreement. "
Relevant ' commitments are necessary for the implementation of the agreement, the infringement of which undertaking would objective and for which this agreement can be convinced that will be met.
In such cases, the responsibility is limited to the damage and predictable, while the other typical cases, no responsibility for negligence. we have a minor
When we settle the dispute.
If as a result of or in connection with the use of services by the consumer claim or dispute, both as a user as well as we we approve that the user may settle their individual claim or dispute against us and we can resolve their individual claim or dispute against user at any competent court in the country of his main residence competent for the place of its claim or dispute and the law of that country will apply irrespective of the provisions of the conflict rules.
If there is between us claim or dispute relating to the use of a service in any other nature, including
Concerning access to services or use it for business or trade, user agrees that any such claim or dispute had to be decided by the competent court in ireland and that will be applicable irish law irrespective of the provisions of the conflict rules.
Niezamawiane materials.
Always encouraging movement opinions and other suggestions, but we can use it without any restrictions or obligation to pay remuneration to the operator and not incumbent on us the obligation to respect confidentiality.
Update of this regulation
We change our service and rules and may also need to change this regulation, so that it is a reflection of our service and rules. careful
Changes admit only if the rules are already inadequate or only if the changes will be incomplete and legitimate user after taking into account its interests.
Failing other legal requirements report on changes and options user choice (for example, through our service) at least 30 days before the updating of this regulation and give him a chance to understand with them before they enter into force.
Then to the service will be equivalent to the obligation to comply with updated rules.
If you do not agree to this regulation or any of its updated version, may remove account here.
Update: 4 january 2022
