The conditions for using services shopping Klarna
This conditions are agreement between Klarna bank ab (publ), including its branches foreign (", " " we, " " Klarna us " or " our ") and the user (" operator " and " his ") during the use of services and the functions described in these conditions, which may Klarna be amended from time to time (" service ").
User are recorded in order to benefit from services and contracts with by acceptance of these conditions. Klarną
User acknowledges that each use of services are deemed consent to present at any given time version of these conditions.
User may at any time to gain access to the latest version of these conditions through applications or on our website. Klarna
Conditions you can also download here.
Description of the service
For Klarny purchases is not just finding and wonderful things, but also pay for not enjoy in his shop, a fabulous experience zakupowym preferred application and many other things. a
As simply, the use of comfortable both before and after the purchase.
This conditions explain in more detail, what it means.
It should be noted that the specific payment service may apply additional conditions, if the user opts for the payment by one of the payment services offered by Klarnę.
User account
Accepting these conditions and using one of the available payment methods in the process of contract on against the seller or downloading entertaining and payments in the application, expresses logując agreed to the creation of the account Klarna user.
Auto-completion and preferences
Purchases went to and without any problems, we retain a comfortable user information and using it during the purchases for automatic fill out different forms directory.
This makes the user can therefore save time and focus on things is more important than replenishment of the same information continued.
Below we explain in more detail how it works.
Auto-completion when purchasing of Klarną
Services Klarny when using for the first time may be asked to the creation of a user account user in order to facilitate interaction with future Klarna Klarną.
We keep this information in our systems, so that when the visit us or use of one of our payment service user must have given us only some of the information.
All personal data collected in the creation of a user account in line with our privacy policy process we Klarna.
When we are able to identify the user can automatically make up some user information in the process of purchase, such as the name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth and the cards.
Auto-completion is based on the information stored on user account Klarna.
Example uses is purchasing directly from application Klarna autocompletion.
Application Klarna
Application Klarna, made available through the application or web service's assistant, purchasing online, which is the heart of all purchases in and all the other amazing functions offered by Klarnie Klarnę.
Using Klarna can pay for shopping, follow application of the consignment and for many other things.
Some of these functions are activated by taking applications or the internet service, while the login other may be activated by the user at login.
Klarna wants to ensure the best impression of purchases and offer the possibility to search a wide variety of stores in applications Klarna.
We may not have trade relations with all the shops or possible to search in applications wyświetlanymi Klarna.
Klarna acts as a web browser in such cases, thereby to a search engine or przekierowując shop.
Exact content may vary depending on the version of the functions available in your country. applications Klarna
Klarna keep up-to-date application, and to her new and improved Klarna functions.
Here are some functions, of which we are most proud:
Functions:
View their purchases and transactions in Klarna
The management of their payments
Easy interaction with Klarną
Examples of other functions that we can offer, depending on the version available in the country concerned:
Services purchases, such as search functions, which we believe, a review of shops to taste, and personalised user will be attributed recommendations offer and other content
Purchases using payment methods-even in shops, which still Klarna do not cooperate with Klarna
Order tracking, supplies and / or mail
Easy using phrases and recovery
Review of personal finance and management
Display transactions purchases and storage accounts, pictures and other materials
Carbon footprint generated by purchases
Browsing orders placed in unrelated to the shops or entities Klarną
Developing and providing collection of goods or services at his own choice
Assistant proposing assistance in carrying out the different information (such as the method of payment, the cards, address) by means of dispatch autocompletion
Browsing their transactions carried out with one of our subsidiaries sofort gmbh, gmbh and Klarna inc. Billpay
This will be possible only after registration with for this purpose in networks subsidiaries.
Transaction data (such as
Name, address, bank account number / iban code bank / bic reason payments, the date and amount, details) shall subsequently be forwarded to Klarny contract.
User Klarna applications may at its own discretion, sent publish and share their content, such as collections, photos and nickname.
User acknowledges that providing content, makes them publicly available, which means that the user information becomes available to other persons and may continue to be used and made available by the others.
User may send, publish or made available only in respect of which have such content, with the right to use them for these purposes and which do not affect the rights of this agreement and the rights of third parties.
User undertakes not to send, not publish and make available not illegal content, fraudulent, containing threats, contrary to the rights, an abusive other persons, or criminal (such as obelżywych incitement to hatred against ethnic groups, child pornography or illegal images of violence) and not report content containing viruses, trojan horses, spyware, software, malicious software or other harmful or adware off malicious programs; not distribute () and not spam unsolicited advertising to engage in any other form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, but there is no obligation, for the monitoring, browse, adaptation and / or disposal of the content of this agreement or infringing dezaktywowania right without informing the user or third parties, at their own discretion.
User sole responsibility for transmission and publication of content and sharing agrees with liability, exempt Klarnę damages and costs resulting from the transfer, publish or made available by the user, including content in connection with third party claims against Klarny.
Display history purchases and transactions
Record information on purchases and transactions user applications Klarna.
Within services provided under these conditions enables users to display about his Klarna purchases and transactions in applications. Klarna
To find out more about it, how shall use this information and other information, Klarna that we have on the user, read with our policy of privacy.
Tenders and benefits
Klarna user may submit tenders and benefits, such as rebates, special events, access to products, earlier, tenders, samples and shops promotions sprzedażowe souvenirs.
Offer and benefits, will be based on its user receives a previous activities, such as the number purchases, amounts or the use of services and functions Klarny purchases.
Are there any costs associated with the service?
Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, this service is free.
It should be noted that in the case of the use of other services offered by Klarnę may continue interest payments and fees.
Therefore check detailed information on the services enjoyed by the user.
Improving services
Constantly work on improving our services, in order to ensure even greater comfort of use.
This may require make changes in these conditions.
In this case, the user will be asked to accept the new conditions, before will be able to benefit from the services.
Privacy and personal data
In so far as the user action involve the processing by us information such as
Through transmission or making available in the application of data on publishing, which show that the user Klarna political opinion or membership of a trade unions, data, światopoglądowe concerning health or sex life, etc. (
"
Special categories of personal data, in accordance with regulation (eu)), " " 2016/679 RODO user shall express consent for the processing by us such data in order to provide services.
To offer services need to process personal data user-to learn from our policy we encourage privacy, to understand better how to process and protect the data of the users.
Card payments
When buying using, you can configure and benefit from Klarna many different sources of funding, including debit cards, credit or prepaid.
Source of funding will be saved user account until its modification or removal from the Klarna user accounts or to the removal of the user accounts.
In saving data his card in the user to draw it authorises Klarna sources of funding in the case of Klarnę subsequent use of when purchasing. Klarna
Card will not be ordered to pay the until the user purchases.
If default source of funding in the form of charter may not be charged for the purchase, including plans or subscription (if applicable), by instalment, user authorises, to try to load other sources of funding Klarnę as charter registered user account Klarna.
User obligations
User must always given correct information and use their own and normal identity.
Any use of information which do not belong to the user or for which use is not authorised for other reasons, and the use of services in a way not intended will be considered as misuse.
Any data related to suspected fraud or abuse may be taken down and used for future risk assessment and for the protection of the parties involved.
Klarna reserves the right to block may continue to benefit from the services.
For transmission, import or sharing content, such as Klarna images, texts, accounts, information on goods, services or supplies or other content, user grants the right to use and displaying such Klarnie free content in order to provide the service.
Have the right to remove any content sent or made available by the user, if required by the legislation or if we content them for offensive illegal inappropriate, the rights of other persons or of another type of affecting the reservations.
User shall be liable for any sent or made available by its content.
User acknowledges and agrees that in the case of transfer, import or sharing content, containing threats or or the content of an abusive significantly infringing or agreement obelżywych between user and or which Klarna Klarną may reasonably be expected to significantly breach the law or an agreement between the holder and, we can finish or disable the use by Klarną user from application Klarna.
Services to third parties
Some functions used by the user, such as tracking consignments may include services provided by third parties.
Are examples of this functions traceability of consignments offered by the companies logistics.
Where functions, which are based on services third parties, user authorises use of such services to Klarnę on his behalf.
Use user with google maps after shifting to money (e.g.
By searching in field) and postal address current conditions using applications is Klarna services and privacy policy google maps / google earth.
Furthermore, in order to prevent abuse associated with the use of applications via the web service Klarna may Klarna, resulting in that apply the option recaptcha user is subject to conditions using the service and privacy policy google.
Application Klarna is available through distribution platforms of third parties (" stores with "). applications
User may be required prior registration the shop with applications.
Klarna does not affect the collection, processing and use of personal data by the operators of individual stores for applications.
Duration and termination of this agreement
This agreement is concluded for an indefinite period.
It shall apply until terminated by the end-user or by us and may be terminated at any time.
User denounce this agreement shall not, however, if made use of one of our methods of payment and did not include all the payments due to Klarna-in this case, it is possible when the user denunciation all required payments.
It should be noted that in the case of termination of the contract, the use of services, including any functions, made available in applications or managed through her, not Klarna will already be possible.
Electronic communication
Accepting these conditions, the user agrees to use the electronic communications to contact with the user with Klarnę, subject to different requirements resulting from the law.
Without prejudice to requirements resulting from the law information about payment conditions information required by law and other information may be transmitted by electronic means, including user via a website, applications or an e-mail address, which Klarna was us user-defined.
Updating details
User duty is to ensure that had its current e-mail address and the number of Klarna mobile phone, so that we can communicate with it by electronic means.
If need be updated main e-mail address, contact your customer service to amend chapter.
Questions
For questions concerning generally looked, please contact the chapter electronic communications, customer service.
Transfer and the transfer of rights or obligations
User has no right to transfer any rights or of its obligations under these conditions.
In so far as it is not already authorised on the basis of existing legislation, we can transfer any rights under these conditions, at any time.
Klarna
Klarna bank ab (publ), located at 46, stockholm, 34 111 sveavägen is swedish bank registered at the swedish companies register under the number 556737-0431.
Managing director is sebastian Siemiatkowski.
Klarna bank ab (publ) has the power to provide financial services authorised by Finansinspektionen (swedish financial supervisory authority).
Klarny data relating to registration in the financial supervisory authority and a list of the swedish countries in which the services were released on a single passport, Klarny can be found on the website of Finansinspektionen.
Contact details: https: / / www.klarna.com / en / / obsluga-klienta.
Complaints
In cases of complaint, the information given on the side of the www.klarna.com.
Using our services, user agrees to channel all information regarding complaints electronically Klarna, subject to different requirements resulting from the law.
In cases of complaint in relation to, there is an opportunity to complaints through Klarny website dedicated customer service, taking advantage of the functions of Klarny chat or by contacting handling customer on the phone.
Where we can not deal with complaints, the user may refer it to the swedish national council for
Consumer disputes (arn).
Klarna will participate in such an investigation and is obliged to do so in accordance with the applicable law.
More information on this can be found on the website: https: / / arn www.arn.se / / languages / english-what-is-arn / om-arn.
Complaint may be lodged in any official language of the european union via the platform online dispute resolution (odr) made available by the european commission: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
The complaint will be subsequently transferred to arn.
The user can also contact the arn by post or personally: allmänna, po box 174, 101 23 reklamationsnämnden stockholm, sweden, visitor address: Kungsholmstorg 5, stockholm.
User has a right to you in the services under the law of 5 august 2015.
For dealing with complaints by entities financial market and on financial ombudsman
You can make in any of the following ways:
Written sending complaint by post or by making her personally-at the bank ab, 46, Klarna sveavägen 111 34 stockholm, sweden;
Orally-making contact with servicing telephone contact details can be found customer Klarna on the website of customer service; Klarny
In electronic form-using the chat in applications or via the website by making the complaint Klarna customer service Klarny.
Give response to the complaint user without undue delay, no later than within 30 days from the date of its receipt.
If due to the complexity of the case will not be able to meet the deadline, we'll settle reason for the delay, will show the circumstances which the user must be determined for consideration of the case and fix the expected date of complaints and to reply, no more consideration than 60 days from the date of receipt of complaints.
If user is contacting us by function chat or telephone, will answer his complaint by e-mail to the address specified by him or by post in case clearly expressed intentions.
However in the case of sent to us complaints by postal our answer in the same form we send to the address referred to by the user or by e-mail in the case of clearly expressed intentions.
User has the right to benefit from the out-of-court resolution of consumer disputes.
Financial ombudsman that has the power to the resolution of disputes related to the services which may arise between us and a user.
Details financial and details of the ombudsman's are available at www.rf.gov.pl.
Other
In our relations with user we will use the polish language.
These conditions shall be governed by the law polish.
Disputes arising from these conditions are courts in accordance with the rules applicable rules of competent jurisdiction, including the provisions of the code of civil procedure.
User has the right to withdraw from the agreement concluded under these conditions without giving any reasons within 14 days after the conclusion.
In order to implement the right of withdrawal should send a written statement on user address bank ab, 46, Klarna sveavägen 111 34 stockholm, sweden.
If you send before the deadline, the declaration is considered to be maintained.
User is not costs related to the withdrawal.
User should bear in mind that when purchased with and his commitment was not fulfilled, Klarną may not fulfil the right to withdraw from the contract as long as this will not be paid.
Last updated: 10 november 2021
