Published: 1 april 2021
Shall enter into force: 15 june 2021
Print
Print
Agreement microsoft services agreement
This provisions (" provisions ') offered by microsoft products shall be governed by the use of and services listed at the end of this document widespread use in this place (#) " services "). (serviceslist
Providing able to subscribe, use or ordering services, microsoft shall offer. user defined
User accepts provisions by way of creating accounts, the use of the services or continue to use the microsoft services after notification of change of its provisions.
With are to be consulted, with a copy to print and keep, as microsoft does not comply with such a copy to the user.
If mikroprzedsiębiorstwem, a small enterprise or user is, then it should a non-profit organization that read section 15 the waiver powers, which would otherwise be available user under the european code of electronic communications.
User privacy
1.
User privacy.
Microsoft care about the privacy of the user.
Particulars of the types of data collected from the user and user facilities (" data ") and on how to use the data and the legal bases data processing are included in the statement microsoft privacy (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? = 521839) (fwlink Linkid a " declaration of the protection of privacy ").
Statement privacy has also been reported in use by microsoft, including communication user content user entries with others, sent by the user to microsoft in the entries of services and file photos, documents, sound files, works digital a live broadcast and films, stored, sent or made available by the user services as part of the data transmitted (" user "). content
[Go at the beginning of the]
The content of the user
2.
The content of the user.
Microsoft enables the user to many of the services or making available content and / or receiving of storage from other persons.
Microsoft did not claims the ownership rights to the content of the user.
Content user remain the property of the user and user shall bear the responsibility for it.
A.
If user content everyone agrees shall make available to the user to any person, which are made available can take all over the world used to write, record, free of charge, to reproduce, transmitted, made available and display for the purpose for which the service the content of the user and made available without remuneration for the user.
If user doesn't want anyone to have that opportunity, should not be used to give access to the content of the services of the user.
User declares that at the time of provisions has and will have the legitimate rights to the content of which are transmitted, stored or user made available in services or through them, and that the collection, use and retaining the content of through will not prejudice any user services legislation or rights of others.
Microsoft recommends user backup content of the user. systematic implementation
Microsoft shall not be liable for the content of the user or for materials that other persons, store or as part of the services made available to communicate to microsoft.
B.
To the extent necessary to provide a service to the user and other persons (may include amendments to the size, shape or format in order to be better storage or the content of the user display), security and services and user user improvement of products and services, microsoft user worldwide and microsoft grants in force free of charge a licence in respect of intellectual property to use content, including copies, the drawing up of user, the transmission of, the retention, disseminating via the communication tools and formatting display content user in services.
If user content in such areas, service user will publish which allow the public or unrestricted access to the content of the user via the internet, the content of the user can be used in presentations or materials to promote a service.
Some services are financed from advertising.
Settings on how advertising by microsoft are available at personalize https: / / choice.live.com.
Microsoft does not use the information provided by the user in e-mails, talks mail voice documents, pictures or other files of personal to drive to the user. referred to advertising
Rules on advertising microsoft are described in detail in the privacy statements.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Code of conduct
3.
Code of conduct
A.
Content materials or activities affecting the provisions are not permitted.
If you agree to provisions, must comply with the following principles:
And.
Do not take any illegal activities.
Ii.
Must not lead any action using, or of a threat to children harmful
Iii.
Rozsyłać must not be spam nor engage in phishing.
Spam unwanted sent this e-mail messages notice, the invitation to collectively contacts, (text messages or sms) messages fasteners or similar electronic communication.
Phishing is sending e-mail or other electronic messages in order to fraudulent or illegal press customers to disclosure of information or sensitive personal, such as password, dates of birth, social security numbers, passport numbers, the credit card information, financial or other sensitive information or to obtain access to accounts or records or exit documents or other sensitive information, payments or financial benefits.
Iv.
Publicly display or use of services must not be to make available any indecent content or other materials (for example, representing nakedness, cruelty, pornography, insulting language, acts of violence or criminal activity).
V.
Must not engage in activities fraudulent, false or misleading (e.g.
Wyłudzanie money, impersonation of another person, manipulation services in order to increase the number of count or influence, assessment or comments). rankings
Vi.
Must not omit any restrictions on supply or deliberately access to services.
Vii.
Must not engage in activities harmful to the user services or of other persons (e.g.
Provide viruses, torture, publish a terrorist content or extremist spread hate speech or aggressive content for violence against others). approach
Viii.
Must not be violated the rights of others (e.g.
Nieautoryzowany make music or other materials in a protected by copyright, make resale or otherwise disseminated maps or photographs) bing.
Ix.
Lead privacy others must not be to actions that break.
X.
Must not be to help others in the violation of these rules.
B.
Enforcement of the.
Microsoft user if their size may reject content exceeds the limits on the size of disk space or file size allowed by the services.
In addition, if any obligations set out in the above user breaches the section 3 (a) or in any other way is in material breach, microsoft may take appropriate action against him, including, in particular, no longer provide services, without delay to close your account user of legitimate reasons or block microsoft all communication (including e-mail messages made available files or the fasteners) via services. incoming and outgoing correspondence
Microsoft may also at any time to remove the content of services or locked in the user services, if it is informed that they may affect the applicable law or provisions.
During testing alleged breaches of the provisions may consult the content of the user to microsoft solution to the problem.
Microsoft does not monitor services or does not take such tests, however,.
C.
Apply to services xbox.
For more information on the application of this code of conduct for online service, xbox game, games on xbox pass windows live and games, applications, services and content of the games provided by microsoft xbox studios click here (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /?). = fwlink linkid 868531
Infringement code of conduct as a result of the use of services (defined in paragraph 13 (and xbox) (i)) may result in the suspension or the user access to services, together with the forfeiture of licence content, xbox time membership and balances related to microsoft xbox gold accounts the account.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Use services and technical assistance
4.
The use of services and technical assistance.
A.
The microsoft.
To gain access to services, often necessary to envisage account microsoft.
Account such allows for the products and logging services offered by microsoft and some partners microsoft.
And.
The creation of the account.
To create an account, the operator must make appropriate microsoft online registrations.
User agrees should not be given while creating accounts microsoft any fraudulent, inaccurate or misleading information.
In some cases, a third party (for example, engaged by the user internet service provider) may assign user account microsoft.
If user receives their account to another party, it may be microsoft additional powers over the accounts, including the power to microsoft user removal or for gaining access to such accounts.
Read from any additional provisions laid down by a third party, as microsoft did not have any responsibility associated.
If user will account on behalf of such as microsoft user company or the employer then declares that the user is entitled to bind that entity provisions.
User may not transfer their data login account to another user or any other entity microsoft.
In order to protect its account, the operator must remain in the confidentiality of and information on the account. password
User shall bear all the activities account microsoft user.
Ii.
Using account.
User must use their accounts, in order to achieve microsoft active.
This means that at least once every two years the user must login for himself that microsoft and related services account were active, unless in the rules on activity accounts available on the https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? fwlink = or in the tender on pay linkid 2086738 parts of services, a longer period or if the law stated otherwise.
If at the time, not to its account user zaloguje microsoft, microsoft, that it is inactive and wear them close.
In order to obtain information on the consequences of the closure account, read the microsoft (4) (a) (iv) (2).
User must at least once a year login (separately) to his reception in service and the service boxes Outlook.com-otherwise they will be closed Onedrive by microsoft.
User must at least once every five years in services in order to maintain login xbox linked to tag player account microsoft.
If microsoft has reasonable grounds to suspect that there is a risk of accounts microsoft user fraudulently by a third party (for example, as a result of breaking into the account), microsoft may suspend the user account pending recovery by him full control over the account.
Depending on the type breaking into a microsoft may be forced to exclusion from access to some or all of the content of the user.
If problems in obtaining access to its accounts should see at microsoft user website https: / / / /? Linkid = 238656 fwlink go.microsoft.com.
Iii.
Using account by a child.
Assuming account or using services, user agrees microsoft to be bound by provisions and he says he is old enough within the meaning of his residence in force in the parent or guardian or that it agrees to be bound by the provisions in the name of the user.
If you don't know whether, under the laws in force in the country of residence, or if you don't understand is over 21 of this point, it can not create account until they will ask for supports its microsoft parent or guardian.
If user is a parent or legal guardian persons, which is that microsoft, user account under age and person agree, and the user tie the provisions under 21 responsible for overseeing the use by person account or services, including microsoft kid made by it, irrespective of whether the purchases of the person or is already set up under age set up later.
Iv.
Closure of user accounts.
1.
Of user rights to cancel any in addition to the services referred to in the following clause 9 (g) " the principle of return money ', is also the power to user services or cancellation referred to close its account at any time and microsoft for any reason.
Account microsoft to close, please visit the https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink 618278.
Asks microsoft to close the accounts when the user, it can still microsoft user suspended for a period of 30 or 60 days in case he changed his mind.
After chosen period of 30 or 60 days account will be closed. microsoft user
The effects of closure account user are described in the following clause microsoft 4 (a) (iv) (2).
Login be credited to the microsoft within that period, the suspension will reactivation account user. microsoft
2.
If microsoft user account was closed (by the user or by microsoft), shall take place the following events.
First immediately expires right to use accounts in order to obtain the user microsoft access to services.
Second microsoft data or substance linked to the account user will remove the microsoft user or otherwise will remove their links with user account and microsoft (unless under the law of user microsoft must these data or content, to draw or passed on to the user to keep or a third party specified by the user).
User can therefore no longer be able to obtain access to any services account (or to the content of the user requiring microsoft held within these services).
User performed backups should systematically.
Third user may lose access to purchased products.
B.
Account travel.
For certain services user login via official may microsoft e-mail address.
Loguje using such an official if the user e-mail address, agrees that owner related address may be domain informed of the existence of such accounts microsoft and its related, monitor and manage user account subskrypcjach, as well as to access the data, including records and files user and communication actually process.
Furthermore, microsoft may notify the owner of the domain to breach of security or account data.
User furthermore agrees that the use by its services microsoft could fall within the agreements that microsoft has concluded with user or user, and provisions may then not organisation apply.
Account microsoft and if the user has already has access to services covered by the provisions by means of a separate service e-mail address, may be asked to update e-mail address related to account user to be able to continue to use microsoft these services.
C.
Additional equipment and the possibility of data transmission in mobile.
Most often, it is necessary to use the service internet connection or have the data transmission in mobile.
User may also need additional equipment, such as a kit, camera off. or słuchawkowy
User responsible for obtaining all merger plans or equipment needed for the use of services and for regulating charges being charged by suppliers of such merger plans and equipment of the user.
These charges are independent from any service charges paid by the user to microsoft and user has not received from microsoft return by virtue of their pay.
User should be from the suppliers, information on whether to apply any of these charges.
D.
Notification of services.
If microsoft will have to provide information on user used by service, send him notification and user information, which must send under the law of the microsoft.
If user will give his e-mail address or a telephone number microsoft in the context of accounts may send him through microsoft, microsoft messages e mail or notification of services, ‑ sms in this notification to to verify the identity user before registration his mobile phone number and zweryfikowaniem its purchases.
Microsoft may send notification concerning services also in a different way to the user (for example, in the news as part of the products) displayed.
To sms may apply rates for notifications received data transmission or messages.
Microsoft recommends that user monitor and given by yourself e-mail address. aktualizował
If the user does not agree to receive notifications in electronic format, must stop the use of services.
E.
Technical assistance.
Technical assistance concerning certain services is available via the website https: / / support.microsoft.com.
Certain services can take into account the additional technical assistance, in accordance with the offer of available at https: / / www.microsoft.com /, unless otherwise specified. support-service-agreement
Technical assistance may be unavailable for the beta function or service. or familiarisation
If user lives in europe, may also lodge a complaint through union platform online dispute resolution (https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr).
Complaint address should be given in the form should be used (an address on this @ MSODR microsoft.com solely for that purpose).
F.
Complete use of services by the user.
If services were cancelled by the user or user (by microsoft, firstly) immediately right expires to gain access to services and the user to software related to user services.
Second microsoft data or substance linked to the service user will remove user or otherwise will remove their links with and its user account (except under law microsoft microsoft must these data or content, to draw or passed on to the user to keep or a third party specified by the user).
User can therefore no longer be able to obtain access to any service (or to the content of the user within these services) held.
User performed backups should systematically.
Third user may lose access to purchased products.
User cancelled if there is no other his own microsoft and accounts to ensure access to services, service user may be closed immediately.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Use applications and services of third parties
5.
Use applications and services of third parties.
Services may allow user access to products, services, acquisition or websites have in common, content, materials, games, skills, the possibility of integration, boots or applications independent third party (companies or persons other than microsoft) (" applications and services of third parties ').
Many microsoft also helps user find send services or interact with applications and services request third parties or provide the content or user data.
User understands that using services, user asks for access to microsoft applications and services of third parties.
Applications and services of third parties may allow to storage content or data user in resources publishers, the supplier or operator applications and services of third parties.
Applications and services of third parties can display the user privacy rules or require the user to acceptance of the accompanying provisions before installation or use of such applications and services of third parties.
Point 13 (b) is given additional provisions relating to applications in certain shops, which are owned by purchased or associates microsoft are supported by microsoft or entities or microsoft (this applies particularly to the associated microsoft office, shop store for services and shop microsoft xbox store for windows). microsoft
Read with and the principles of protection of the privacy of a third party prior to the acquisition, use, or to a combination with a microsoft applications and services of third parties.
No provisions laid down by a third party, do not change the.
Microsoft does not give any user licences to use any intellectual property rights in the framework of any applications and services of third parties.
User agrees take any risk and responsibility for the use by the user of such applications and services of third parties and confirm that microsoft does not bear any liability to the user or other entities for the information and / or services provided by any of the applications and services of third parties.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
The availability of services
6.
The availability of services.
A.
Services, applications and services of third parties and / or materials or products offered via the services can sometimes be unavailable, may be offered to a limited extent or may vary depending on the region or equipment user or other external factors such as the internet or the network.
If you change the location associated with his account, microsoft may be forced to of acquiring products which him and for which, in the previous region has been paid.
B.
Microsoft shall make every effort to services operate without interruption, these services are not, however, offered on a guaranteed level of quality (it is worth remembering that all the online services are subject to occasional distortions and). przestojom
Emergency supply or disruption of the service user may not be able to regain periodically its content.
Microsoft recommends that user systematically implement backups of their content and data, which holds the services or using applications and services of third parties.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Updates services and software and the amendments to the
7.
Updates services and software and the amendments to the.
A.
Microsoft informs the user on the possible its intention to modify provisions.
Microsoft may amend the provisions, if this is necessary because of the (i) the applicable law, including, in particular, amendments to those rules; (ii) advice lawyers or based on the court's ruling the applicable law; (iii) the development of services; (iv) technical reasons; (v) the operational requirements or (vi) favourable for the user change to.
Microsoft-by user interface, e-mail or by any other appropriate means, inform the user of planned changes before their entry into force.
Microsoft user the possibility to cancel services at least will provide 30 days before the change comes into force.
Use user services after the entry into force of the amendments will be tantamount to accepting the by him new provisions.
If you do not agree with the new provisions, must end use services and close his own in accordance with point 4 (a) microsoft (iv).
Microsoft it is also clearly informing the user about the intended change of will.
B.
Microsoft can automatically checked, which is necessary in the version of the software user to provide services, as well as collect without imposing user charges software updates or changes configuration in order to update, improve and develop services.
To continue to use the services may also be required that you have made software updates.
Such updates shall be subject to, unless updated the additional or other provisions, which shall be accompanied by this case apply these other provisions.
If the user will not accept these additional or other provisions relating to the update may not receive or use the update.
Microsoft not has to make available does not ensure that will provide updates and technical assistance services for version of the to which user purchased or has been software licences, applications, contents or other products.
C.
Microsoft constantly services and therefore improves may at any time change services, or to stop providing access to remove functions applications and services of third parties, in particular when contracts with third parties will allow for the provision of microsoft their materials, the transfer by microsoft these materials will no longer be possible, there will be developments so far used technology or customer will be need to be amended.
Microsoft informs the user in advance of the change in the services, which will lose all access to the content of the user for the user.
For services paid microsoft will also notify in advance of the other significant change in the user services.
Save law does not provide otherwise, microsoft did not must be made available to a donation or replace any previously purchased materials, of goods referred to in point 13 (digital (k)) or applications.
For deletions by microsoft services paid will a proportionate share of the amount of payments of microsoft user by the user, payable for that part of the service that is left to the prior to its cancellation.
D.
User use materials in order to enable protected by the technology rights management access to digital content (digital rights management, drm), such as certain musical works, games, films, books and other content, software can automatically available online connection to establish drm server and collect and updating of the technology installed drm drm.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Licence software
8.
Licence software.
Each software available by microsoft in the framework of services is governed by the user, unless it is attached to a separate licensing agreement microsoft (e.g.
User application for use by microsoft as part of the windows and made available in apply licensing on software for operating system microsoft windows).
Applications purchased in certain shops, which are owned by microsoft or associates microsoft or are supported by microsoft or entities associated microsoft (this applies particularly to the shop, office for windows and microsoft shop store shop for services), are subject to store microsoft xbox provisions contained in point 13 (b) (i) below.
A.
If respects, the user when using services provides user rights microsoft for the installation and use on one device (worldwide) one copy of the software intended for use by one person only at a time.
For some equipment that may be for the purposes of non-commercial preinstalowane software by the user. use personal services
Software or site as part of the services may contain code derived from third parties.
Licences any scripts or from third parties, to which is the script or codes are software or link or reference website, are granted user by those third parties owners of such codes, rather than the script or by microsoft.
Any details of the code from third parties were included only for your information.
B.
Software is licensed and not sold, and for that microsoft software reserves all rights, which were not expressly granted by microsoft under provisions.
This licence does not give any right to take up and user to the user can not unlawfully to take the following actions:
And.
Skipping circumvention or any technical conservation measures applied under software or services, or associated with them;
Ii.
Dezasemblowanie dekompilowanie,,,,, the use of emulowanie hacking decryption of loopholes in the safeguards or any software or any other aspect of service, playing which fall under the or are available via the services, unless and only in so far as the proper copyright clearly that allow;
Iii.
Separation or services to their software components installed on the various equipment;
Iv.
Publishing copying,, rental,, selling, export, import, wydzierżawianie dissemination or rental services, unless the microsoft software or expressly authorises user to comply with such activities;
V. ·
Transfer software, software licences or any rights to use or for gaining access to services;
Vi.
Use services in a manner that would break the other people use of unauthorised these services, or in order to obtain access to any service, data, accounts or the network;
Vii.
Ensuring access to services, or modify the equipment authorised by microsoft (e.g.
Xbox devices, microsoft, etc.) surface
Through application of unauthorised third parties.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Conditions for the payment
9.
The payment terms.
When purchasing services by the user this payment terms, for which there are user is in agreement.
A.
Charges.
If use selected services is associated fee, user agrees referred to regulate it.
Unless otherwise specified, the price of services covers all due taxes.
User sole responsibility for the payment of such taxes or other charges.
Unless otherwise specified, taxes are calculated by reference to location the user when account microsoft.
User notification from him after transmission by microsoft timely and complete nieotrzymaniu payments, microsoft may suspend or cancel the services, unless you will make full payment in due time.
Suspension or cancellation of provision of services due to lack of payment may result in the loss by the user being able to use and access to the accounts and situated on him content.
Connecting to the internet via the network company or other private network user may make the maskującej location there will be other than those reported for the actual location of the user.
Depending on the location of the user some transactions may require conversion foreign currency or be processed in another country.
If using a debit card or credit bank user may impose additional charges for these services.
For more information, please contact with the bank.
B.
Settlement account user.
To regulate charges service, at the time of subscription to the service user will be asked to add forms of payment.
For all services other than skype, user can have access to their information concerning clearing and forms of payment and change them on account management microsoft (https: / / / / p /? go.microsoft.com fwlink =), and in the case of linkid 618281 software and services from a level of your account on the internet-skype https: / / skype.com / him / myaccount.
User allowed to use any updated also microsoft information from accounts for selected forms of payment provided by the bank or a network user payment.
User agrees updated on an ongoing basis, information related to account and other information, including e-mail address and details of the methods of payment, in order to enable the implementation of microsoft and, if necessary contact with the user on the transaction.
If user will return to microsoft asked to stop the use of out forms of payment and inform no microsoft by means other after the microsoft calls for payment of such information within the given deadline, the microsoft may cancel or suspend to provide the user with good reason. pay-tv services
Amendments account for settlement does not affect the fees charged by the user account user before clearing microsoft to microsoft will be able to take account updated information on account of settlement of the user.
C.
Settlement.
If user shall information on forms of payment, then microsoft user (and) that he is authorised to use of the forms of payment and that any given by him information regarding payment is true and accurate; (ii) authorised to draw from the user fee for the services or microsoft available content using out forms of payment, and (iii) authorised to draw from the user fee paid any microsoft functions services which subscription or which will want to use you have made during the lifetime of provisions.
Accordingly microsoft the user (a) may issue invoices in advance, (b) at the time of purchase, (c) in a short time after the purchase and / or (d) at regular intervals, in the case of services subscription.
Furthermore, microsoft may charge to the user by not exceeding eur accepted by the user and inform the user in advance of any changes to the amounts charged at regular intervals for the services subject to, and if the price evolution will subscribe to the user the possibility to cancel services before the change.
Microsoft could at the same time issued for more than one user invoice trading period on the quotas that earlier have not yet been processed.
D.
Payments cyclical.
If user purchases services on a subscription (e.g.
Monthly every three months or a year), allows for the use of payments and then agrees that cyclical payments are to be paid to microsoft through chosen by the user forms of payment in selected by him until terminated by the user or cyclic periods of the service. microsoft subscription
Counting fees in order to prevent the continued use of services, the operator must cancel services before the start of next trading period.
Microsoft will user explanations of how services. cancellation
If user agrees to payments paid at regular intervals, for the storage of data on microsoft authorises the payment instrument, the user and the processing of such payments in the form of electronic payment orders or transfers or electronic payment instructions in the case of automated designated account user (clearing or similar payments) or in the form of burden (in the case of credit card designated account user or similar payments) (including " electronic payments ").
Charges subscriptions are generally collected before the relevant period of subscription.
If any payment will be paid as unpaid or if any payment by credit card or a similar transaction will be rejected, microsoft or service provider microsoft reserve the right to proper fees returned position, the calculation of rejection or insufficient funds and for the processing of such payments as electronic payment.
E.
Settlement online and mistakes.
For all services other than skype microsoft on account management will make available online user settlement microsoft (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid fwlink), where the user can display = 618284 and print its clearance.
To gain access to settlement using the programme, the operator must skype online login on his record on the www.skype.com (https: / / www.skype.com).
This is the only kind of settlement online offered by microsoft.
User may receive an invoice depending on services and country. vat
If committed by microsoft error on account user microsoft immediately upon receipt from the user will improve it in this case (or after the notification that error by microsoft) and zauważeniu also check amount.
Microsoft recommends that user has microsoft within 120 days of a manifest error in the account, which will facilitate solution to the problem in that period.
Such notifications user may ask the chapter customer service, as described in section 4 (e).
F.
Principles for money.
User shall have the right to a period of withdrawal (" the period for withdrawal ") ongoing fourteen (14) days from the date of purchase (by or without giving any reason).
If at the time of cancellation of the service has been partially realised, you will receive proportionate reimbursement sum paid.
User agrees that the withdrawal shall expire at the time of full implementation of the services to the user, in which case the purchase of the user shall not be returned money.
If user made in purchase of digital content, microsoft to cancel a purchase, the right of user will cease to apply at the time of collection of these content.
If law or referred to service provides otherwise, all the shopping and shall not be conclusive zwrotom.
For all services other than those skype instructions and information services and the request for reimbursement of money by means of cancellation form if user shall be entitled to a refund of withdrawal, can be found on account management microsoft (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid fwlink =). 618284
Services skype form shall be completed for transfer from the information available here (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink) 618286.
If according to the user a fee, the operator must microsoft wrongly naliczył your microsoft and microsoft amount. check
If microsoft will money or shall apply a different compensation microsoft had not will in future be liable to reimburse the same or similar amounts of money or the application of the same or similar compensation.
This principles for money does not affect any powers under the law applicable.
More information on the reimbursement of the costs can be found here (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink). 618283
G.
The services.
User may dispense with services on the operation of services and subscriptions on his record microsoft (https: / / account.microsoft.com /) in this matter, chapter or contact customer service as described above in section 4 (e).
Cancellation paid services causes the charging in the future for the use of services.
User should check specification because (i) its offer services may not have to return the money at the time of cancellation; (ii) may be required to pay a fee for cancellation; (iii) may be required to pay any fees to account for the use of service user settlement accrued before the date of cancellation and (iv) may lose access to the account and the possibility of using him after the cancellation of services.
Microsoft will process data as described in section 4 user above.
If user services, the right to use their cancels its will expire on the last day of the current period of provision of services or-if the user is settled periodically-on the last day period in which the cancelled services.
Will if the user in your bank or withdrawal of payments procedure burden return services, microsoft that the user has resigned from services will day of primary payments and user authorises for immediate cancellation or withdrawal of any microsoft services content, which were sent to user in return for a payment.
H.
Tenders for a while.
If user makes use of the offer for a trial period, may be required to cancel services within the timeframe provided during acceptance of the offer test in order to avoid billing for further use of the services at the end of the probationary period.
And.
Offer promotion.
Microsoft can offer services for a trial period, during which they will not be charged any fees for such services.
Microsoft may charge user fee such services (according to the ordinary rate), if the user is in breach of the relevant tender.
U
Price changes.
If service is to take place over a period of time in the tender and at a specified price, this price will be in force for the duration of such offers.
If after this period the user will want to continue to use services, will have to accept the new offer and price.
If services are settled periodically (e.g.
Monthly), and have not been established a specific duration of prices, and if this is not the test, microsoft may amend the price services if service will make new or improved functions, in so far as increased respectively costs of services, or in response to changes in the market (e.g.
Due to the labour costs, fluctuations in exchange rates, changes in taxation / legislation, inflation, licence fees and infrastructure costs and administrative).
Microsoft informs the user at least 30 days prior to the entry of such a price changes in life.
User will have the possibility to cancel services before changing prices in accordance with point 9 (h) above.
Informing changed prices, microsoft will also inform the whys and the user price increase and about the fact that the new price enters into force, if the user does not annul services.
Microsoft will also user on how services cancellation.
K.
Payments to the user.
If microsoft must make a payment to the user, user agrees in due course accurate data necessary to microsoft to make that payment.
User has to pay any taxes and charges arising from the receipt of payment.
User must also comply with all the other conditions which microsoft levies on it in connection with the law to obtain any payment.
If user receives payments from, microsoft may withdraw it or request reimbursement.
User agrees to cooperation with microsoft in this area.
Microsoft may also without the reduced amount of the payment due user in order to correct any previous rebates.
L.
Outstanding payments.
For arrears user has to pay the costs linked to recovery of outstanding amounts all reasonable, including charges for legal services and other charges and costs of the legal, insofar as this is permitted by law.
If the user does not regulate in its entirety outstanding amounts despite receiving from microsoft reminder need to regulate in time (containing warning payment opportunities suspension or cancellation of services), microsoft may suspend service to the user or cancel the services.
User can avoid suspension or cancellation service if he required payments in due time, set out in a reminder.
If shortfall of funds is negligible, shall apply an alternative procedure.
Missing amount of less than 2 % of the total invoices will always be considered to be negligible.
Suspension or cancellation of provision of services due to lack of payment may result in the loss by the user access to your account microsoft.
M.
Certificates upominkowe.
Implementation and the use of certificates (other than paper upominkowe skype) upominkowych set out here is governed by (https: / / support.microsoft.com / help / 10562 /). microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions
Upominkowych information on the certificates are available here (skype https: / / go.microsoft.com / /?). = fwlink Linkid 615383
N.
Payments in the bank.
User can register on his record entitled to use the bank account microsoft him as a means of payment.
Entitled accounts shall include accounts held by a financial institution capable of fulfilling direct debit (for example, a financial institution in the united states, which operates transactions automated clearing house activities (" ah "), the european financial institution, which operates a single euro payments area (sepa) " or " ideal " in the netherlands).
Shall also apply to the accepted by user while adding a bank account as a form of payments on account of microsoft (e.g. "
Consent for the account " in case of sepa).
User declares that the registered a bank account denominated is on his behalf and that the user is authorised to registration and use the bank account as payment form.
If user records or chooses his bank account as a form of payment, then microsoft (or a representative of the microsoft) authorises to at least one load of that bank account the total amount of goods are purchased by the user fee (in accordance with the provisions of the services or subskrypcyjną subskrypcyjnej) and possibly to at least one that that a bank account in order to correct or return or other similar to, and authorises a financial institution, which leads the bank account, to demand the set-off of these charges or acceptance of these uznań.
User agrees that this authorisation shall remain in force until the information of the bank account of the account microsoft user.
If deduction from his account and user suspects wrong must then contact with the customer service, as described in chapter section 4 (e) above.
Provisions applicable in the country of the user may also limit the liability of the user for any false, incorrect or unauthorised transactions in his bank account.
If user records or the bank account as a form of payment confirms at that time that read, understand and accepted this provision.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Marketing the contractor, applicable law and place the settlement of disputes
10.
Marketing the contractor, applicable law and place for settling disputes.
If user (if he lives or user is company) has its principal place of business in the european union, liechtenstein, norway, the united kingdom or in iceland and uses the services free or paid, shall include a contract with the company microsoft ireland limited, they place, microsoft operations south business park, Leopardstown, county dublin 18, ireland (registered in ireland in the national register under the number of companies, the vat identification number: ie 256796, registered address: 70 u 8256796 sir john Rogerson's quay, dublin 2, ireland).
Law applicable to the interpretation of all claims relating to services and paid is without prejudice to the right of ireland bezpłatnymi for the possibility of applying by the mandatory provisions of consumer protection law in the country in which provides services and where the user microsoft user's habitual residence (if user is, this is the right of the country in the company which it has its principal place of business of the user).
User microsoft and agree that any dispute directly or indirectly resulting from the will be settled by the courts in the country in which microsoft services and where the user is made available to the user permanent residence (if user is that of the company, the country in which is the principal place of business by the user), or, alternatively, the user may choose the competent court in ireland.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Guarantees and guarantees
11.
Guarantees and guarantees.
If user is a consumer, entitled to certain powers under the law.
Those powers include the obligation to provide a service with all due diligence microsoft.
None of these provisions is not intended to restrictions or an indemnity under any violation by microsoft microsoft this commitment.
Except where the microsoft hid in bad faith or defects from using services, and with the defects prevented exception paid products provides services in " capable of such skype microsoft, in which they are present, " " with all defects " and " depending on the availability of. "
Microsoft does not guarantee the accuracy and timeliness of services.
User confirmed and accepting the fact that the computer systems and telecommunications are not free from defects and that are sometimes accidents.
Microsoft can not guarantee that the services will work without interference, in a timely manner or without errors. safe
Microsoft associated bodies, distributors and suppliers of microsoft did not grant resellers any contractual guarantee or assurances.
User shall exercise all existing and guarantees provided for by law, microsoft guarantees but does not give any other guarantee or warranty.
As far as possible permitted by the law applicable microsoft precludes any responsibility for the implicit guarantees and, including on the warranty warranty commercial value, suitability for any purpose, the quality of implementation and lack of intellectual property offences.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
The limitation of liability
12.
The limitation of liability.
A.
Microsoft has no responsibility for the content and materials or other materials of third parties, for the user including the links to websites third parties or for the actions taken by the users.
Such content and activities can not be attributed to microsoft.
They do not represent a opinion microsoft.
B.
Microsoft will be liable only if there has been an infringement of an essential obligations under the agreement or where other reasons required by the applicable law.
C.
Microsoft and intermediaries or the legal representatives microsoft had not be held responsible for indirect damage, including the financial losses such as loss of profit, unless the microsoft or intermediaries or the legal representatives have committed at least serious negligence or microsoft intentional failure to perform or improper performance of the.
D.
The limitation of liability does not affect the responsibility referred to in (independent of guilt) microsoft objective responsibility, including responsibility for the violations of warranty. legal
Responsibility microsoft and the same applies to intermediaries or in cases of fraud or legal representatives of microsoft resulting from their negligence injury or death.
E.
Microsoft shall not be liable for any failure to respect or delay in carrying out obligations under provisions in so far as such or delay is caused by circumstances which are outside the failure to reasonable control microsoft (such as staff, disputes, military action, events random acts of terrorism, deliberately damage or destruction of property, accidents or compliance with any rules of the law or regulations of government).
Microsoft will seek to minimise the effects of any such events and to fulfil the obligations to which these events have not been affected.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Provisions for services
13.
Provisions for services.
Provisions appearing before this point 13 and after him, are generally applicable to all services.
Included in this section are provisions relating to the specific services, which are complementary to general provisions.
Provisions contained in this section apply when you have a contradiction with the general provisions.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Xbox
A.
Xbox.
And.
Non-commercial personal.
Service xbox, online games (https: / / xbox game studios www.xbox.com /) (including game) Mojang xbox-game-studios (for example, applications, and subscriptions xbox game for pc, xbox game pass pass for console, xbox game), services (for example, pass ultimate xbox live) and content made available by microsoft (including xbox " services ") are intended exclusively for non-commercial xbox personal use of the user.
Ii.
Services xbox.
If user in order to gain access to services shall record the xbox, information on the game, and the other games and services using aktywnościach by the user will be monitored and made available to the xbox producers in order to allow microsoft and carton games carton games and service producers games use xbox.
If user join linked to services with his account microsoft xbox account in service by microsoft or to its nieoferowanej zaloguje services account in order to obtain access to the service xbox nieoferowanej (e.g. by microsoft
To services other than microsoft publisher games offering applications and services of third parties, the user agrees that: (a) microsoft publisher made available other than microsoft account information (including limited in particular tag player, best players, games and score story friends list) according to the statement microsoft privacy and (b) in so far as this is permitted in privacy settings, this may also have xbox publisher, access to the content of the communication in games when the user user is logged on account of the publisher's.
Unless permitted in settings privacy, microsoft xbox may also publish the name, tag player, image player motto, clips of the game and information on the avatar games used by the user in communication with people, which will provide user this type of information.
Iii.
The content of the user.
Under building community service user microsoft xbox grants to affiliated entities microsoft and microsoft all over the world to rights existing sublicencjobiorcom free use, modify, reproduction, dissemination, transmit, making available and display the content of the user and name, tagu player, player and avatar image which user issued motta user in connection with any services in whole or in part for xbox by any means or processes in any material or in connection with technical assistance.
Iv.
Managers games.
Some games may use the services managers, ambassadors or hosts games.
Hosts managers and games are not authorised ombudsmen microsoft.
Their views do not necessarily represent the views of microsoft.
V.
Children for xbox.
If user using services is underage, its parent or guardian xbox can exercise control over many aspects of a user account and receive reports on the use by service user xbox.
Vi.
Currency used in games or goods virtual.
Services xbox may include virtual currency used in games (e.g.
Gold coins or points), which the user can buy from or for microsoft for actual cash, if reached in accordance with the law of the country of residence adulthood a user.
Services xbox may also include virtual, digital the object or goods which the user can buy from or for microsoft for actual cash or currency used in games.
Currency used in games and virtual goods can not be exchanged to the real money, goods, nor any other objects of value for money from microsoft, or any third party.
Outside limited, personal, declares that transfer or operating licence sublicencjonowaniu odwołalną in games and virtual using currency used goods only within the service to the user does not have any right to xbox any currency used in games or goods virtual related with at least one game or and xbox, or arising in occurring services or any other xbox attributes associated with the use of services or stored in the services xbox xbox.
Microsoft can change bid for currency used in games or goods virtual.
Vii.
Software updates.
For any equipment that can connect to services xbox, microsoft can automatically checked version of the software xbox or applications held by the user and download software updates xbox applications or changes, including xbox configuration updates and amendments to prevent the user access to services xbox through, or use of unauthorised games xbox applications xbox peripheral equipment together with console. unauthorised xbox
Viii.
Tag termination player.
User must login in services at least once every five years. xbox
Otherwise might lose access to the player with his account, and related tagu its tag can be made available player to other users.
Ix.
Software capable of making fraud or modification.
Any machine that can connect to services can be automatically checked by microsoft xbox, for the presence of unauthorised hardware or software used to make the fraud or modification of the code of conduct or provisions affecting
Moreover, for each such equipment microsoft can automatically restore software updates or changes, including xbox application configuration updates and to change the user access to services or the use of equipment or software for xbox unauthorised to make the fraud or modification.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Shop
B.
Shop. "
Shop ' means a service enabling, collection, buying and user to browse the assessing and applications and other digital content (deadline recenzowanie " application ' includes the game).
Provisions regulate the use of this, which are the property of the microsoft or certain stores are supported by microsoft associates or microsoft or entities associated including microsoft (
Shop office, shop for windows and microsoft store shop for services). " store microsoft xbox
Shop office ' means a offering products and services, microsoft office applications for the office, access and exchange, and 365 sharepoint project (in the version 2013 or greater) or any other service offered under the brand shop office. "
Microsoft store for windows ' means the store owned by microsoft or associates microsoft and supported by microsoft and entities associated, which is intended for the equipment with microsoft windows system such as mobile phones, desktops and tablet pcs, or any other service offered under the microsoft available equipment with a store windows, such as mobile phones, desktops or tablety. "
Microsoft store for services " means the store owned by microsoft xbox or associates microsoft and supported by microsoft or entities, which is available on the console associated microsoft xbox, or any other service offered under the microsoft store made available to the xbox.
And.
Provisions for the licence.
Microsoft will give you the name of the publisher each function available in an appropriate shop.
Unless accompanying applications provisions provide otherwise, the standard provisions for licensing (" standard provisions concerning licensing applications ') located at the end of the application form the agreement between the holder and editor of applications, which are applicable to setting out the provisions of licensing use by user applications through any store owned by microsoft taken or associates microsoft or operated by microsoft or entities associated (excluding microsoft office). the
This regulate the use of services and of provisions microsoft their services.
Section 5 of these provisions shall also apply to all applications and services acquired by third parties through the store.
Applications collected through the store office are not standard provisions concerning licensing applications and apply to them separate provisions licensing.
Ii.
Updates.
Microsoft will be automatically check the availability of updating and collect them even user applications when the user is logged into a shop.
User can change his store settings or system settings, if not wishing to receive automatic update applications from the shop.
Some applications from the shop, which are in office whole or in part made available online may, however, be kept up to date at any time by the developer of applications and need not require authorisation user on updating.
Iii.
Assessments and opinions.
If user or application or other goods will send assessment review digital in the shop, can receive from microsoft e-mail containing content provided by the application or commodity digital. publisher
Sender any such e-mail is microsoft.
Microsoft does not provide an e-mail address user any application or goods acquired in digital publishers shop.
Iv.
Note on security.
In order to avoid any failure, discomfort or fatigue vision, from time to time to take a break in the user should use games or other applications, especially if during their use of pain or fatigue.
In case of discomfort should be pause.
Discomfort may include feeling sick, sickness, dizziness, confusion, headache, fatigue, fatigue or dry eyes. vision
Use applications can distract the user to his environment.
User careful should not to get, and watch out for the trip low ceilings and fragile or which may be damaged. things of value
In very small percentage of the population may occur as a result of attacks or the visual effects such as light or likely to arise in designs the flashing bed applications.
Even those who have never had the attacks may have a disease that could cause such attacks niezdiagnozowaną.
Symptoms may include dizziness, visual disturbances, fits cramps or limbs, confusion, tremor, loss of consciousness or convulsions mixed up.
At home if you notice any of these, immediately stop the use of applications or talk to your doctor before using such applications, if you have ever experienced symptoms associated with these attacks.
Parents should verify whether in their children using applications there are no such symptoms.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Functions family microsoft
C.
Functions family microsoft.
Parents and children can use the family, including microsoft applications in order to build the confidence of the microsoft family safety based on a common understanding of what behaviour, website, applications, games, physical and expenditure is adequate and acceptable locations.
Parents can set up a " family " on the website https: / / / family (or in carrying out instructions on account.microsoft.com device with the windows or xbox) and then to invite her children or other parents.
The members of this family may use a variety of functions, should therefore be carefully read the information in starting a family or joining her wyświetlanymi and at the time of purchase for a family digital goods.
Assuming said family or to her with, user agrees it in accordance with its purpose, use and not in a unauthorised in order to obtain illegal access to information of others.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
The group
D.
Message group.
Different services microsoft dispatched to other people let the user voice or sms (" news ' message) or allow microsoft and to affiliated entities controlled by microsoft sending such messages to the user or to other persons in the name of the user.
If you ask and entities controlled by microsoft with microsoft associated to the user or others sending such messages, then declares that both the user, and guarantees the microsoft as well as other persons, to which in accordance with its mandate is to be sent messages, agree to receive these messages, and any other related administrative sms messages from microsoft and associates controlled by microsoft. "
Administrative sms " this interim messages sent by the transaction, including the service referred to microsoft "
Message welcoming " or instructions for resignation from receiving messages.
User or members of the group may choose not to receive further news from microsoft or marketing associated controlled by microsoft at any time.
For this purpose must comply with given them appropriate instructions.
User if it no longer wants to receive such messages or to participate in the group, agrees that this will give up by a part of a programme or the instructions given to relevant services.
If the user has reason to believe that member of the group it no longer wants to receive such messages or to participate in the group, agrees that will remove him from the group.
User declares and ensures that microsoft also user and other persons, to which in accordance with its recommendations are to be sent messages, know that each member of the group shall be responsible for costs charges messages charged by its mobile network operator, including the charges messages international that may be applicable in the case of transmission of messages from the numbers in the united states.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Skype, microsoft Teams and Groupme
E.
Skype Teams, microsoft and Groupme.
And.
Emergency services.
Significant differences exist between traditional services mobile or fixed networks and services skype, microsoft Teams and Groupme.
Microsoft does not need to offer access to emergency services in the case of skype, microsoft and (with the exception of services Teams Groupme skype on the phone under any relevant described below) provisions of national law or local.
Software skype and products are not intended for handling or implementation of emergency calls for hospitals, law enforcement agencies, health facilities or provide any other services connecting with staff emergency services or the user psap (" the emergency services ").
Only function with skype on telephone services is allowed to operate to skype in a very limited number of countries and emergency services in a limited number of version of the software and platforms.
Detailed information on the availability and setting up of this function can be found at https: / / / / emergency. it www.skype.com
If connection via services with alarm skype for a phone call will be achieved, the user will have to provide details of its physical location, in order to enable emergency services contact with him.
Microsoft does not guarantee that the alarm user will be established.
For more information on links to the 112 number (emergency number throughout the european union) can be found at / it / emergency. www.skype.com
Ii.
Changes in paid products skype.
If microsoft detrimental to the changes in the user will paid, it shall inform the user products skype microsoft with at least 30 days in advance and shall inform the applicant of its right to end of use of the product amendments, before it is implemented.
If you won't stop before use of change will start to apply, this means agree on these changes.
In time of the notification clearly informs the user of this fact. microsoft
Iii.
Interfaces api or transmission.
If you want to use skype in connection with any air, must comply with conditions " broadcasting services " located on the website https: / / www.skype.com / it / legal.broadcast.
If you want to use any application programming interface (api) " interface " display or made available by microsoft must meet the conditions determined by the provisions licensing, which are available on the www.skype.com / it / legal.
Iv.
The principle of fair use.
For use by the user software and products may apply the principle of fair use skype.
Read these principles developed in order to protect fraud and abuse, as these may impose restrictions on nature, duration, and the number of mergers or messages which user is capable of performing or send.
These principles are an integral part of this provision.
They can be found on the website https: / / www.skype.com / it / terms.fairusage.
V.
Derive position on the map.
Software skype and products, which allow the transmission of information to contain functions mapping services or their data on the map through the marking of such a service.
Using these functions, user agrees to these provisions and the provisions concerning services google maps available at https: / / www.google.com / intl / en _ all / help / terms _ maps.html.
Vi.
Non-commercial personal.
Software and products are intended for personal use. skype non-commercial
User use of skype for his work in communications business.
Vii.
Number skype / it skype.
If microsoft will user number or the number of it, skype skype user confirms that is not the owner of that number, nor has it right to retain him forever.
In some countries the number may be made available to by partner, and not by microsoft as microsoft may be associated with the need to conclusion of a separate agreement with a partner.
For more information on the number of skype can be found at https: / / go.skype.com / home.skype-number.
Viii.
Skype manager. "
Administrator account manager " is created and managed by skype user acting as administrator of the group, and not companies. skype manager
User may combine its account with a group of manager (" combined microsoft skype "). account
User administrators may nominate additional tools, unless its skype manager they accept provisions.
Assigns skype combined account numbers if the user, the bears responsibility for the compliance with the requirements related to the place of residence or location users combined account.
Decides detached from the combined if the user account manager, subscriptions, appropriations allocated skype account skype will not be possible to recover or numbers skype, and the content of the user and materials associated with that account will no longer user disconnected available.
User agrees to the processing of personal information in accordance with the law users joined accounts data protection.
Ix.
Charges repayments money associated with the use and skype.
The fees due for the connection to the phones consist of not covered by subscription fees charged once at each combination link () and fees according to the rates set out for minute time talks on the / it / allrates www.skype.com.
Fees connections are collected from balances measures on account of the user. skype
Microsoft can change rates for connection to mobile and numbers, which are not covered by subscription type premium.
If change is significant and detrimental to the user (e.g.
If microsoft raise), microsoft shall inform the user rates by e-mail or other appropriate way at least thirty (30) days before the date of application of the amended rate.
After thirty (30) days, the new rate will apply to performed after this, the merger of the user.
Prevailing rates can be found at www.skype.com / it / allrates.
If user does not accept the new rates should not establish connections.
Incomplete per-minute and fractions penny in fee will be charged rounded up to the nearest integer unit concerned (minutes or cents).
Unless stated otherwise, all price for priced products contain taxes, (including skype vat).
Vat is levied on the basis of information about the specified address trading.
User expressly waives any rights to a vat reimbursement by microsoft, if the amount of the tax payable by per ultimately to the tax authorities is microsoft for whatever reason, lower than the amount of vat collected from the user.
Priced products are not available to clients of the following areas skype: autonomous republic athos, the canary islands, the french overseas departments, the åland islands, the channel islands, the island of heligoland, büsingen am hochrhein, ceuta, melilla, livigno, campione d 'italia and the italian waters of lake lugano.
Uses skype, the period of paid if the user the withdrawal will expire, and will not be subject cancellation or refundable purchase of money.
Spending collected on account of skype, numbers or use subscription is skype allocation " complete supply " or " use " of skype paid him.
User clearly agrees that the numbers may be allocated before the end of the period to skype withdrawal from the contract and that, once the allot they may not be reimbursed.
In accordance with these provisions of after a period for withdrawal shall be reimbursed only unused or unexpired subscriptions services skype.
Period withdrawal and reimbursement shall not be applicable to paid, which (i) of microsoft's products were purchased through an external partner; (ii) have been paid directly cash through forms of payment offered by third parties (such as the portfolio to cash payments); (iii) have not been purchased online directly from microsoft (e.g.
Coupons pre) or (iv) or cards have been allocated to user accounts by a third party.
Notwithstanding above the user may be under the provisions of the law applicable entitled to obtain the recovery of the balance in the case of transfer of the number skype to przedpłaconej subscription to another operator.
X.
Measures on account of skype.
Microsoft does not guarantee that you can use measures to account for the acquisition of each paid of skype skype.
If you don't use the measures on account for 180 days, they become skype inactive.
User can activate measures on account of skype, again by clicking on the link https: / / www.skype.com / it / store.reactivate.credit.
Tick the box, you can activate the auto charge account in the purchase of charge account skype.
, Regarding the incorporation of this function account the same amount and skype is charged using the selected by the user for each time it forms of payment account balance falls below the threshold determined at intervals skype by skype.
If user by means of other forms of payment bought subscription than credit card, system or system () and paypal Moneybookers the auto charge account turned Skrill, his account skype is needed to regulate the next payment by charged for rolling subscription.
User may at any time off the auto charge accounts available on the internet account skype.
Xi.
Charges for international news.
Services Groupme and microsoft Teams currently use for each group set up. american numbers
Each text message sent to number or removed from the number or Teams will be regarded as an international Groupme microsoft message text sent to the united states or return from the united states.
The relevant international user can obtain with their rates of the operator.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Bing, msn
F.
Bing and msn.
And.
Materials and services bing msn.
Articles texts, photos, maps, movies, players and third parties in the services available films materials, including through msn bing and boots, applications and programmes microsoft, are intended solely for non-commercial personal use of the user.
Other uses, such as collection, copying or in the redistribution of those materials or the use of these materials or products to create their own products, are allowed only in the fields expressly permitted by microsoft or owners of rights or authorised by the relevant provisions of copyright.
Microsoft or other rights owners reserve all rights to materials which have not been clearly granted by microsoft's rights under the provisions of royalties.
Ii.
Bing maps.
Without a separate written consent microsoft holder may not use for government pictures of bird on which you can see the united states, canada, mexico, the new zealand, australia and japan.
Iii.
Bing places.
Whenever user shall transmit the data or the content of the user to services, shall then microsoft worldwide, bing places free of royalties licences to use, reproduction of, recording,, aggregation, promotion, transmission, modifying whether or intellectual property in the framework of services and the dissemination of these rights to third parties. sublicencjonowanie
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Cortana
G.
Cortana.
And.
Non-commercial personal.
Cortana is offered by microsoft service personal assistant.
Functions services and content made available under services (including " services ") Cortana Cortana are intended solely for non-commercial personal use of the user.
Ii.
Functions and content.
Cortana offers several functions, some of which are specific.
Services Cortana may allow the user access to services, information or functions within the framework of other services or microsoft made available applications and services of third parties.
Provisions relating to the services from the 13 shall also apply to use by the user to the user obtains the relevant services microsoft access via services. Cortana
Cortana provides only for planning purposes and user information user should have own independent judgement to consult during this information and build on them.
Microsoft does not guarantee the accuracy, availability and timeliness of maintenance within the service Cortana personalized.
Microsoft did not have any responsibility to cases in which the function will or delay to obtain services or will Cortana or withdrawal, reading, or sending a message or delay the notification.
Iii.
Applications and services of third parties.
Cortana under the services provided, may suggest user defined services and Cortana applications of third parties (functions or related services offered by a third party) and to help the user interactions with them.
If user so decides, may exchange of applications and services of persons Cortana third different information, such as postal code of the user and questions and answers reimbursed by the applications and services of third parties to assist the user in has been requested by its services.
Cortana can to enable the purchases via the applications and services of third parties on the basis of preferences accounts and user locale directly in such applications and configured services of third parties.
At any time you can disconnect the service from applications and services of third parties. Cortana
Use user services to connect with applications and services Cortana third parties is governed by point 5 of its provisions.
Publishers applications and services of third parties can change the mode of action or functions their applications and services of third parties or cease their / services. sharing
Can also change the integration of services or the integration. stop Cortana
Microsoft has no responsibility for software or software provided by the manufacturers systemic.
Iv.
Service Cortana handling equipment.
Handling equipment service or equipment which can it's products Cortana obtain access to the services or products or equipment compliant with the services Cortana Cortana.
Service Cortana include devices or handling equipment third parties whose products does not have a does not produce or not, microsoft creates.
Microsoft is not responsible for these devices or products of third parties.
V.
Software updates.
Microsoft can automatically checked version, which is needed to Cortana software services the provision of services, charge software updates or changes without charge to the user or configuration require all manufacturers of the equipment operating services to software services is current Cortana Cortana.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Services office
H.
Services office.
And.
Microsoft 365 home, microsoft office online sway, personal 365, and any other services provided within the framework of Onenote.com subscription microsoft 365 or offered under the office are intended for the personal use of the user, unless the user non-commercial has rights to commercial use under a separate agreement with microsoft.
Use applications such as word, excel, powerpoint, outlook,, access and publisher in the packages Onedrive 365 family, microsoft and other services subscription microsoft 365 personal is made under supplementary provisions of microsoft 365 licensing supplied at https: / / / together with the provisions of. aka.Ms useterms
Ii.
Outlook.
Service outlook includes the use of services bing maps.
Any content made available via the service, including bing maps, can only be used together with geokody with, through which the content shall be made available.
Use user services bing maps is subject to conditions use services by the end user accessible at bing maps /? = and statement go.microsoft.com linkid privacy microsoft equitable 9710837 at / /? Linkid = go.microsoft.com fwlink 248686.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Microsoft health services
And.
Microsoft health services.
And.
Microsoft band.
Device application and microsoft are not medical devices and band shall serve exclusively for purposes related to the physical well-being and fitness.
These products are not developed nor are intended for use in diagnosis of diseases or mitigate the effects of diseases or treatment of disease prevention.
Microsoft shall not be liable for any decisions to be taken by the user on the basis of information obtained from microsoft's band.
Ii.
Boty medical.
Boty medical, which may include action plans, analysis, and other functions, are not in remembrance medical and serve only for the purpose of securing the well-being and physical function under the programme carried out by service providers of health care.
They have not been developed and are not intended to be used in order to replace professional medical advice or diagnosis, treatment or mitigate the effects of diseases or diseases prevention of disease.
User takes full responsibility for the use of medical boots.
Microsoft shall not be liable for any decisions to be taken by the user on the basis of the information received from the medical boots.
For any questions on the state of health, diet, condition or programme and before the start of the use of preventive health boots always consult your doctor. medical
User should never underestimate the specialised medical advice or postpone its efforts because of the information, to obtain which it gained access, directly or indirectly through the services.
As with any technology boty may not work as intended medical and this can result from a variety of reasons, including a lack of supply or connection.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
The digital
U
Digital goods.
Service microsoft groove, films, tv services & microsoft shop, xbox, and other related services or future services microsoft can to enable, listening, playing or obtaining (where applicable) music reading, images, films, text books, games or other materials (" the commodities '), which the user can download digital in digital form.
Digital goods may be used only in personal and non-commercial purposes entertainment.
User confirms that it will not be disseminated,, publicly, display or transfer to envisage any copies of digital goods.
Goods digital may be owned by microsoft or third parties.
In all circumstances, the operator agrees that its right to digital goods are limited provisions, copyright and the use of available on the https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? Linkid = fwlink 723143.
User agrees that there will be no attempt to modify the goods acquired under the services for any reason, the digital, including to hide or change source or ownership of the digital goods.
Microsoft owners or digital goods may remove them from the service without prior notice.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Onedrive
K.
Onedrive.
And.
The memory.
If user holds more data than can there be Onedrive in accordance with the provisions on free or pay subscription services and does not react to received from microsoft Onedrive notice removal from this account excess data or modifications of a plan for the new plan with a higher allocation of memory subskrypcyjnego within 30 days from the transmission of notifications (or in the long term contained in the notification), microsoft may close user account and to remove or exclude access to content user service Onedrive.
Ii.
The service.
In depending on factors such as equipment user, connection to the internet and the actions aimed at maintaining activities and the integrity of the microsoft of services provided by microsoft, can sometimes occur delays in the load or data service Onedrive synchronizowaniu.
Iii.
Notification of termination of the agreement.
Microsoft informs the user of at least one month in advance of the planned closure of his accounts due to lack of activity in accordance with point Onedrive 4 (a) (ii).
Services Onedrive, if the user has paid subscription due to lack of his account microsoft does not close activity during the paid-up use services Onedrive.
Iv.
Changes service Onedrive.
Microsoft informs the user of at least 30 days in advance of any changes in the free or services, which will result in the loss of access Onedrive paid to the content of the user account for Onedrive user.
V.
Priced subscriptions.
If microsoft will reduce data that can be stored quantities limits on account of the user, the user may cancel paid subscription Onedrive and microsoft for the user will Onedrive proportional recovery for such a subscription.
Microsoft informs the user of at least 30 days in advance of the change and the user must cancel within the period specified in the notification. subscription
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Microsoft Rewards
L.
Microsoft Rewards.
And.
Programme microsoft Rewards (" programme ') allows the user to acquire possible listing prize points for certain activities, such as, for example,
Eligible search, the purchase and use of other tenders microsoft.
Tenders may vary depending on the market.
Search is an action by the individual user, which is introducing manually to search engines in order to obtain a text bing in good faith search results, with a view to meeting these criterion own research purposes.
Text does not contain any queries, through introduced by bot macros or through other automated or fraudulent means of all kinds (" search ').
Acquisition purchase of goods or of this process and obtain from microsoft licences for digital content, both free of charge, and " acquiring '). (purchased
Points convertible into awards are offered only for certain purchases in microsoft.
Microsoft can offer additional opportunities to acquire points, but different offers for acquiring points will only be available for a limited period of time.
Collected points may be exchanged for awards set out on the at different https: / / / (" prize ") aka.Ms redeemrewards.
More information on this can be found in section at microsoft Rewards (https: / / support.microsoft.com) (" "). support.microsoft.com faq
1.
Requirements of the programme.
User must have an important account and microsoft must satisfy the minimum requirements of the user device (https: / / / /). account.microsoft.com rewards
Programme is intended for use residing in countries listed in section faq.
Individuals can have at most one account in the programme, even if the person concerned has several e-mail addresses and the number of accounts in one household may not exceed six.
The scheme is intended only for non-commercial personal use.
2.
Points.
Points can not be transposed, with the exception is making available credits in the family microsoft (may continue) and transfer points non-profit organisation restrictions on the indicated on reception awards.
Points are not personal property and can not be not be cash or other cash.
The scores are awarded users within the framework of promotion.
Points can not be bought.
Microsoft may limit the number of points per person, per household or prizes or at a set time (e.g.
One day), unless the user will not be the victim as a result of violation of the principle acted in good faith.
Per calendar year user may exchange in the scheme a maximum 550.
000 points.
Points obtained under the programme shall not be valid and may not be used in conjunction with any other programme offered by microsoft or third parties.
Specified points cease to be valid if does not produce new points nor are already in its possession points in a exchanges of 18 months.
3.
Prize.
Obtained points can be converted into prize on the exchange or make them one of the points of non-profit organisation, visiting this party (https: / / aka.Ms /) or by selecting automatic payment to redeemrewards non-profit organisations through a specific programme of.
The number of individual prizes may be limited and such prizes will be transmitted in first-come, first-served.
Mentioning points on the prize, the user may be asked to providing additional information, such as postal address or a telephone number (other than number or number), as well as free voip for a code to prevent fraud or to sign the additional legal documents.
After contract awards it can not be nor, in order to recover points, cancel, except in cases where the product was shown to be flawed or if required by the applicable law.
If user, which are not currently in order out the warehouse or which is not available for other reasons, microsoft may exchange to another reward of similar values or returned points.
Microsoft may update a list of on the exchange or stop offered awards awards prizes. offer set
For some of the prizes may continue to receive them. age requirements only
Any such requirements are set out in the tender concerned.
User responsible for payment of any tax federal, state and local and any other costs related to the adoption and use of prizes.
Prize sent to the e-mail address associated with microsoft user account should therefore take care of updating their user data on an e-mail address.
Prize, which can not be provided, will not be sent again, which means that lapse.
Awards are not destined for resale.
For more information on automatic transmission of the items can be found here (non-profit organisations https: / / www.microsoft.com / /). rewards give-mode-overview
4.
Cancellation of participant in the programme.
Microsoft Rewards to end participation in the programme, the user should follow the instructions given here (https: / / account.microsoft.com / rewards /? confirm = false). optout
If user participation, would lose all gained dispenses with immediately points.
Account programme may be cancelled if the user will not be at least once during the zaloguje 18 months.
Furthermore, microsoft may cancel account for manipulation of the programme referred to the user him or attempted deception, or breach of abuse of this provision.
In the case of withdrawal of the programme (by the user or by microsoft) or suspension of the programme, the user will have 90 days to exchange their points.
If they don't change his, will.
Cancellation expires at to use the right user and obtain further points.
5.
Other conditions.
Microsoft zdyskwalifikować user can access to the programme or his account off user competitions or to withdraw the points and donations to charity, if prize microsoft considers that the user tries to any of the aspects of the programme or do with designed to manipulate him improper use is not eligible to receive the prize for legal reasons (e.g.
In view of the export) or engages in operations in breach of the provisions.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Azure
M.
Azure.
Use services is governed by a separate agreement, under the Azure which the user has access to services in accordance with the information on the containing information framework of microsoft at Azure https: / / / aka.Ms Aa7z67v.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Miscellaneous provisions
14.
Miscellaneous.
This point and points 1, 9 (as regards the amounts disbursed before the end of the duration of these provisions), 10, 11, 12 and 16 and points, which provisions will apply also after this period, retain power also on termination or cancellation of these provisions.
Microsoft may at any time, without notifying the transfer, delegate or otherwise dispose of, in whole or in part of their rights and obligations under this provision, unless such a transfer, the transfer does not take place or disposal, to the detriment of the user.
The user can not move forward or otherwise dispose of the rights and obligations under this provision or any rights to use the services.
This document is a contract between the operator and the use of services by microsoft user.
This agreement replaces the any prior agreement between the operator and microsoft for use of services by the user.
All of these provisions shall apply as far as possible permitted by the law applicable.
Arbitrator considers that if the court or microsoft may not perform some of these provisions, these provisions are deemed to be replaced, which can be made similar provisions under the law applicable.
Resulting from these provisions are not, however, changed.
These provisions shall serve exclusively user and microsoft.
They have not been included to third parties (except for the successors in title and cesjonariuszy). microsoft
Headlines points are only for reference purposes.
15.
Surrender implementation by the final user their rights in the field of consumer protection.
If mikroprzedsiębiorstwem, a small enterprise or user is, that's right at that time a non-profit organization that surrender any powers, which would otherwise be available to him under article
102 (2).
1, 3 and 5; article
105 (2).
1; and
107.
1 and 3 of the european code of electronic communications (directive 2018/1972).
16.
Export regulations.
User must respect all national and international export provisions applying to the software and services, including referred to therein restrictions on final users of final destination and country of destination.
More information on the geographical limitations and export can be found at https: / / www.microsoft.com / exporting.
17.
Reservation of rights and opinions.
, Except where expressly authorised in these provisions, microsoft does not give any user or any other rights concerning any licence patents, expertise, copyright, business secrets, trade marks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by microsoft or anyone, including, inter alia, linked to microsoft rights to the name, external of product presentation, logo or their equivalent.
If user will any ideas, suggestions or proposals for microsoft's opinions, including in particular ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, opinions on the products and improve products ("), the operator shall provide the opinions " microsoft (without charge, or other obligations) the right to establish royalties, ordering creation, studies, use, making available and commercialisation by any means and in any opinion to.
User fails to opinions, which is licence requiring microsoft licensing on software, or documentation any third party for inclusion in the microsoft their opinions of the user.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Notification
Mode of action for infringement notification and intellectual property rights.
Microsoft respects intellectual property rights of third parties.
Any claims for infringement of intellectual property rights, including claims for infringements of copyright, shall be sent to the representative designated by microsoft.
More information on this subject and the relevant contact information can be found at the notification and procedures for the notification of claims for infringement of copyright (https: / / www.microsoft.com / info / cpyrtinfrg.html).
Microsoft responds to the notification of the infringement copyright in accordance with the procedures described in title 17 code of the united states. section 512
Where relevant, microsoft may also exclude or close accounts, who may affect users of the service microsoft again the intellectual property rights.
Notification and procedures for the issue of intellectual property in advertising.
User should read prepared by microsoft guidelines on intellectual property (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? =) in fwlink Linkid regarding 243207 intellectual property online advertising microsoft.
Notification of copyright and trademarks.
Services are protected by copyright, microsoft corporation or suppliers of microsoft corporation.
Copyright © microsoft corporation, they microsoft way, redmond. 98052, u.
P.
A.
All rights reserved.
An integral part of provisions are guidelines on trademarks and brand microsoft (https: / / www.microsoft.com / / legal / intellectualproperty / en-us / /) (with general.aspx trademarks usage późn.
.).
Microsoft and name, logo and icons of all products, programmes and services may be either registered trademarks microsoft niezarejestrowanymi groups of companies in the united states microsoft or elsewhere.
A non-exhaustive list of registered trade marks are microsoft at https: / / www.microsoft.com / en-us / legal / intellectualproperty / trademarks / En-us.aspx.
The names of companies and products may be trademarks relevant owners.
Microsoft reserves all rights, which were not granted explicitly in the provisions.
Software used in certain servers websites set out on the basis of the work of the microsoft was partially independent jpeg group.
Copyright © 1991-1996 thomas g.
Lane.
All rights reserved.
Software gnuplot " used in certain websites hosted " microsoft governed by the law copyright: copyright © thomas williams, colin. 1986-1993 kelley
All rights reserved.
Notification on the issue of medical.
Microsoft does not grant any advice, diagnosis or medical help in matters of medical or any other issues relating to health care.
For any questions on the state of health, diet, condition or programme prevention, talk to your doctor or the proper should always be operator health care.
User should never underestimate the specialised medical advice or postpone its efforts because of the information, to obtain which it gained access, directly or indirectly through the services.
Quotations shares and data (including the indices) financial information transmitted via indices services are intended solely for non-commercial personal use.
Separate without the written consent of the external holder may not use any financial data of the licensor or characters in connection with any external licencjodawców, creating,, sale, emitowaniem sponsorowaniem or marketing any financial instrument or investment promotion of (e.g.
Derivatives structured products, investment funds, funds type etf, etc., investment portfolios
Where price, results or return on investment based instrument or product directly or indirectly on financial data or are intended to serve their monitoring).
Notice concerning the financial issues.
Microsoft is not a stockbroker or registered added an investment counselor provisions federal securities legislation in force in the united states or securities legislation in force in other countries.
Advise individuals in the microsoft did not also acquisition (also for consideration or sell securities investment) or other products and financial services.
No service elements are not bid for the purchase or sale of securities, nor encourage such buy or sell.
Microsoft or lenders licences for listing or data sharing microsoft in respect of indices do not promote nor any specific products or financial services. recommend
No service elements are not intended to expert advice, including, in particular of investment advice and tax.
Notice concerning the standards video h.
264 / avc, and vc-1 mpeg-4 visual.
Software may contain technology decoding connectors h.
264 avc, mpeg-4 visual or /, which may be licensed by mpeg vc-1 videos la, llc.
It is used as compression format data with information video.
Mpeg la, llc shall be advertised in the following notification:
This product is covered by licences on patents related to the set of standards h.
264 / avc, and vc-1 mpeg-4 visual.
Licence this based on these product is intended for the personal use of the user to non-commercial (a) coding of the data in accordance with ias video (" ") or (b) video standards decoding video data in the standard h.
264 / avc, and vc-1 encoded by the user leading mpeg-4 visual non-commercial activities or received from the data providers video with a personal right for making available such data video.
Licence does not include the and other products, even if such products are included in this software in a single article.
Other uses of the product are not covered by any licence, including the license. need
More information on this can be obtained from mpeg la, llc.
See.
Website mpeg la (https: / / www.mpegla.com).
That comment does not limit or does not prevent the use in the framework of software applications made available specific to a particular activity of ordinary business, which do not include (i) further deployment of software among third parties or ((ii) develop materials using technologies in compliance with the standards in order to its dissemination to third parties video.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Standard provisions for licence applications
Standard provisions for licence applications
Offered by the european economic area
Shop microsoft, shop for windows and microsoft store shop store for microsoft xbox services
Licensing constitute provisions of this framework agreement between the holder and the publisher of applications.
Should be looked at.
They apply to the application taken by the user from the microsoft, shop for windows or store microsoft for microsoft services (each of which shall be determined in the xbox these provisions licence as " "), including the shop any updates and additions applications, unless the application is accompanied by separate provisions, which does not apply in this case.
If user does not accept, these provisions may not take or use applications.
Editor applications that provider user licence application, whose name is given in the shop.
If user complies with these provisions royalties, entitled to law described below.
1.
Right to install and use.
User may make installation and use on devices with the windows applications, console as described in adopted by microsoft xbox the regulations governing use (https: / / / / /? p go.microsoft.com fwlink =). Linkid 723143
Microsoft may at any time adjust its rules of use (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? Linkid = fwlink) 723143.
2.
Internet services.
A.
Consent to internet services or wireless.
If application online connection to the computer systems, which refers can also take place via wireless network, the use of this application also implies user consent for the transmission of information on the standard (including, inter alia, technical information of a device, system and software and equipment) within the framework of internet services or wireless remote.
If in connection with the use by the user services, which the user has access using applications, will be presented with other provisions, then these provisions will apply.
B.
Misuse of internet services.
Holder may not use any internet service in such a way to destroy it deliberately or by other users hinder their use or damage or impair the operation of services wireless network.
Holder may not use services in order to obtain in any way of unauthorised access to any service, data, accounts or network.
3.
Scope of the licence.
Application subject to licensing, but not to sell.
This agreement grants only some of the right to use user applications.
If microsoft cut the possibility of using applications on devices user under an agreement concluded by the user with microsoft, any associated rights licensing will expire.
Editor applications reserves all other rights.
Save law do not provide user more rights in spite of this, the user can use restrictions clearly applications only in that agreement allowed.
In this case, the user must take into account all technical limitations applications and use it only in certain ways.
User must not:
A.
Celebrate technical constraints applications;
B.
Play dekompilować, or unless, and only in applications dezasemblować insofar as it is expressly authorised by the competent copyright rules for computer software;
C.
Make more copies than is set out in this application contract or permitted under rules of the law, even though this restrictions;
D.
Publish or otherwise made available to another application for copying;
E.
Wydzierżawiać wypożyczać, hiring out or applications;
F.
Transfer applications or this agreement to a third party.
4.
Documentation.
If the application was accompanied by documentation, the user can copy it and use it as aid for their private purposes.
5.
Restrictions on the technology and exports.
Application may be adopted in the united states or international governed by the law in the field of control technologies or governed by the law of export.
User must respect all national and international law applicable to the export of technology used or operated by the app.
These provisions include restrictions on the country of destination, the final destination and the final user.
More information on the brand products can be found here microsoft (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? linkid =) 868967 fwlink.
6.
Technical assistance services.
In order to obtain information on the available technical assistance service, please contact your publisher applications.
Microsoft, a manufacturer of equipment or operator wireless network are not responsible for the provision of technical assistance service for the application of (unless one of them is the publisher of application).
7.
All of the agreement.
This agreement, appropriate privacy rules, additional provisions and the provisions concerning additions and accompanying application form a whole licensing agreement between the operator and update the publisher of applications.
8.
Applicable law.
A.
The united states and canada.
If request is made in the united states or canada, the law applicable to the interpretation of these provisions, claims for their violations and any other claims (including those related to consumer protection, unfair competition and acts of illicit) is right or provinces where you live country (or, in case of the company, which is the principal place of business by the user), regardless of the adopted in him standards conflict-of-law rules.
B.
Outside the united states and canada.
If user has acquired application in any other country, applicable law is the law of the country.
9.
Legal effects.
In this agreement are described certain rights.
User may have other rights under the legislation state or national.
This agreement does not alter the rights to the user under the legislation or national state if that legislation for such changes are not allowed.
10.
Reject responsibility for warranty and guarantee costs.
Application is licensed " in a state such as far as is, " " with any " and " depending on the availability of defects. "
Editor applications, on behalf of his, microsoft (if it is not applications), microsoft publisher wireless network operators through which the application and all associates, disseminate sellers, representatives and suppliers (" agents against microsoft "), responsibility does not grant any additional, warranty or other guarantee in the guarantee assurances applications.
User enjoy any existing guarantees and guarantees provided for by the law applicable, microsoft but does not give any other guarantee or warranty.
To the extent permitted by national law entities covered by the liability for all its responsibilities against exclude, including for implicit mandatory warranty on the commercial value, warranty suitability for any purpose, safety, comfort and a lack of intellectual property offences.
11.
Restriction of the powers and liability.
A.
Editor applications shall not be liable for any content user or other third parties, including links to materials websites of third parties, or for activity offered by users.
Such content and activity can not be attributed publishers applications, they also do not represent its opinion.
B.
Editor applications shall be responsible only for breach of essential obligations arising from these provisions of royalties.
C.
Editor applications and its intermediaries and the legal representatives shall not be held liable for damages unpredictable or for financial loss connected with any damage, including indirect for loss of earnings, unless the application and its publisher committed at least intermediaries or the legal representatives of gross negligence or intentional failure to perform or improper performance of the contract provisions.
D.
The limitation of liability does not affect the responsibility referred to in (independent of guilt) objective the responsibility of the applications, including in particular on the publisher's responsibility under the law on product liability and its regulatory responsibility for violation of warranty.
The same applies to responsibility and its intermediaries or legal representatives of publishers applications in the case of fraud or resulting from their negligence of personal injury or death.
E.
Any other legal claim or contractual, set out in sections (a) in addition to the claims-(e) point 11, can not follow from this provision on licensing applications, use applications or services made available through the application.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Services covered by the agreement
Following products, applications and services are covered by a contract of service, microsoft, but may not be available on the market in the country of the user.
Account.microsoft.com
Application device health
Maps application
Application finder bing
Assistant recovery and technical assistance for services microsoft office 365
Bing apps
Bing dictionary
Bing image and news (ios)
Bing pages
Bing Rebates
Bing search apis / Sdks
Bing translator
Bing webmaster
Bing.com
Bingplaces.com
Cortana skills to microsoft
Cortana
Default homepage and new tab page on microsoft edge
Dev center app
Dictate
Education.minecraft.net
Editor for windows live
Face swap
Feedback Intake tool for Azure (aka " feedback " maps maps Azure)
Films and tv microsoft
Forms.microsoft.com
Forzamotorsport.net
Gallery photographs windows
Groove music pass
Groove
Groupme
Game Minecraft
Game applications and site for windows published by microsoft
Smart search
The microsoft
Lineback
Bing maps
Microsoft 365 business standard and applications microsoft 365 *
* Until a domain to make use of these services, in commercial which time will apply separate conditions for the use of commercial services microsoft.
Microsoft 365 consumer
Microsoft 365 family
Microsoft 365 personal
Microsoft academic
Microsoft Add-ins for skype
Microsoft Bots
Microsoft educator community
Microsoft health
Microsoft launcher
Microsoft math solver
Microsoft pay
Microsoft pix
Microsoft research interactive science
Microsoft research open data
Microsoft search service bing
Microsoft Soundscape
Microsoft start
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft translator
Microsoft wallpaper
Microsoft Xiaoice
Minecraft realms plus and Minecraft realms
Mixer
Msn dial up
Msn explorer
Msn finances
Msn kitchen
Msn travel
Msn weather
Msn premium
Msn sport
Msn mail
Msn health and fitness
Msn.com
Next lock screen
Office 365 pro plus optional connected experiences
Office in microsoft 365 consumer
Office in microsoft 365 family
Office in microsoft 365 personal
Office sway
Office on the internet (not yet office online)
Office.com
Onedrive.com
Onedrive
Onenote.com
Outlook.com
Paint 3d
Mail services windows live
Presentation translator
Rinna
Rise4fun
Family microsoft
Seeing ai
Send
The office
Shop windows
The xbox
Shop
Skype in the classroom
Skype manager
Skype.com
Skype
Snip insights
Spreadsheet keyboard
Sway.com
To-do.microsoft.com
Translator for microsoft edge
Translator live
Urweather
Ux.microsoft.com
Video breakdown
Visio online
Web translator
Whiteboard.office.com
Video xbox
Windows movie maker 2
Website applications and game xbox game studios
Xbox game pass
Xbox live gold
Xbox live
Xbox music
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
Entities associated containing (for services agreement under point paid 10 (b))
Currently does not have associates contracting.
Microsoft ireland operations limited is the only user entity by the contractor.
[Go at the beginning of the] until the beginning of the
