Staff services Oculus
Last updated: 11 april 2022
This regulation applies to users of accounts in order to obtain access to products Oculus Oculus.
If user makes use of its account on facebook in order to gain access to products Oculus, should refer to the supplementary rules and rules governing the Oculus facebook user of products Oculus.
User accepts the rules of procedure in respect of purchases and the store Oculus from the donations from the entry into force of this regulation Oculus.
Accepting this regulation services or using products using account user OCULUS OCULUS acknowledges that it constitutes a binding legal act and undertakes to comply with its provisions.
Please read the full contents of regulation.
If you do not agree with the provisions of this regulation, may not have access and use of products OCULUS.
This regulation includes important provisions concerning the users and the use of products, including (as long as no forgo OCULUS with) use of binding arbitration clause to dispute resolution (other than those claims concerning intellectual property and claims of little value) and surrender certain rights to jury and / or of hearings involving collective redress.
Please read the entire section " settlement of disputes " (section 19).
Some of the provisions may also affect users of the resident outside the united states.
Please consult the section in order to determine whether such 27 provisions apply in the case of a specific user.
This user certifies that according to the provisions in force in the jurisdiction of his place of residence is adult or, if the graduated from 13 years (or 14, if the user in south korea), but lives is not yet over 21, uses the products under the supervision of OCULUS parent or guardian law which has agreed to abide by the present rules.
In this case, the user should refer to this regulation together with the necessarily to each of these parent or guardian people know their rights and obligations.
Facebook facebook, " " (", " " we " or " our " us) offers products (hardware and software) virtual reality, mixed and enlarged (hereinafter " ") and supports the pooled xr brand platform on which you can fetch and Oculus sent content and include them in interaction and obtain services with our products xr (described in detail in section 1, " products '). Oculus
If you live in the european region (as defined at https: / / / legal / quest / / store.facebook.com territories), " facebook " means a legal entity meta Platforms limited.
If you live at any other place, " facebook " means a legal entity meta Platforms inc.
These rules of services (" ") regulates the purchase, staff have access to any products and benefit from them. Oculus
This regulation does not alter in any way of any other agreement concluded with a facebook and possibly on products, services or other issues.
If user makes use of the products, on behalf of any entity, hereby declares Oculus and confirms that is authorised to agree to the provisions of this regulation on behalf of and that this entity has given us liable for the infringement of this regulation by the user or by that entity.
So we reserve the right to change or modify at any time in the future of this regulation, and only for discretion.
Where a us amendments to these rules report about them, sending user by e-mail at given by his address notification or by providing through products Oculus notification.
In case of amendments administrative can give notification, updating date of last revision at the beginning of regulation.
Continue to use products will mean acceptance by the revised content Oculus).
If you would not agree to the amended rules, must stop using products and remove (https: / / Oculus secure.oculus.com / / privacy /) we himself.
Please periodic browsing, in order to ascertain the rules of that user conditions governing access to products Oculus and understand their use.
1.
Products Oculus
Our mission is to enable people to establish contacts regardless of the actual sharing their securities distance.
As part of this mission provide user products described below Oculus.
To be able to supply products, we must make use of the personal data collected and Oculus user as described in the protection of privacy, which are available at the website https: / / store.facebook.com / legal / / privacy-policy-for-oculus-account-users / quest.
Provide innovative equipment, content and systems.
We users with a number of different goods, services platform, software, websites, applications and content, through which the user has access and can immerse myself in the world and use the services of our xr products.
We use the data to provide user of these products and for the expansion of the ecosystem xr.
We user can benefit from them in a personalised.
User makes use of the products in a unique way. Oculus
For instance, each user products can be displayed thousands of unique materials. Oculus
Using available data-for example, information on the user contacts, which he has made nawiązywanych elections or elected settings, and made available content and made to enable the use of materials to action-in a personalised.
Enabling users to contact with persons and on which they care. privately
Helping user may be individuals, groups, events and other elements on which he cares and establish contact with them in all products, which are. Oculus
Using the data to give user and others-such as suggestions
Indicate events, which may take part and those who may wish to enter into a knowledge.
Stronger ties better communities and we are convinced that the products are the most useful when Oculus people engage with those groups and organizations, knowledge on which they care about.
User give the opportunity to express their views and to move matters that are important to him.
There are many ways of self-expression in products and communicate with friends, family Oculus and others-the provision of, the creation of and participation in events or experiments involving many users or interactive to add content to the environment virtual.
We also still new ways of using technology by users pogłębiamy e.g.
Reality enlarged to enable them to deliver more interesting and distinctive content in products or via Oculus.
Helping user content, products and services, discover that might interest him.
User tenders and other we can deliver to him was found content promotions easier, products and services offered by the us and many companies and organisations benefiting from products Oculus.
Combated cases detrimental effects and we protect and support our own community.
People may establish securities only when they feel safe contacts.
'S special teams and advanced technical systems in order to detect cases we misuse of our services, in relation to other persons, harmful effect infringements our rules and principles and situations in which we can help in supporting or protecting communities. Oculus
If know what content or actions leading to the misuse or abuse of our rules of procedure and products Oculus, we will take the appropriate steps-for example, we block access to content, specific function block account or we will law enforcement agencies.
Udostępniamy information to the other companies facebook (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /), if we find the misuse of the 111814505650678 or harmful effects of person using one of the products Oculus.
Using advanced technologies in order to provide the functional and derive services available to the all.
Using advanced technologies, such as the and derive
Artificial intelligence and learning systems to be able to provide space-better and more useful services to each benefiting from products Oculus.
For example, we use available information to develop models which will be relevant to the user. the content wyświetlały
Derive also automated systems designed to improve our ability identify, and remove dangerous and activities which may harm our community that break the rules and the integrity of products Oculus.
We opportunities improve our services.
We research work and we are working with other actors in order to build products Oculus.
One of the ways to achieve this is to analyse the data available to, and understand how people are using products Oculus.
We consistent and efficient ways to exercise our services: our products help user search and establish with those groups, companies, knowledge of organisations and other individuals who are very important to him.
We our systems so as to how they use is coherent and efficient in various products companies (https: / / www.facebook.com facebook / help / /) from which the user uses 195227921252400.
For example, some of the products help to establish contact with friends on the user Oculus facebook.
Enabling global access to products: so that we can use in products Oculus Oculus global, it is necessary to storage and distribution of content and data in our centres throughout the world, data and systems including outside their home country of the user.
Such infrastructure may be owned or may be operated by facebook technologies, llc, facebook technologies ireland limited, inc., meta Platforms
Meta Platforms limited or their related parties.
2.
Selection criteria; registration and account
Oculus products are intended solely for users who have completed 13 years (or, if the user lives in south korea 14).
Registration Oculus and use of products by persons below the age of 13 years (or 14, if the user lives in south korea) is prohibited and not permitted and constitutes a breach of this regulation.
User declares that (a) is not on the carried out by the control of foreign assets of the united states the list of persons falling (so-called "
Leaves sdn "), (b) is not on the conducted by the us department of commerce list of persons and entities prohibited or on any other leaves on export restrictions in force in the united states, (c) will not use internet proxy servers, or other ways to concealing his place of residence, (d) will not to use the products, in accordance with this regulation if Oculus forbid in force in his country provisions and (e) has never been suspended nor its licence products Oculus. it
To gain access to certain functions of the products and be able to benefit from them, necessary Oculus may be the creation of the account.
Assuming account user undertakes to: (i) provide accurate, up-to-date and complete data; (ii) to protect security, not made available to anybody, and your password take all the risk of unauthorised access to user accounts (iii) using the parties https: / / www.facebook.com / whitehat /, in case of discovered immediately inform us or take suspicion that happened any violation of the safety related to products Oculus.
3.
Equipment, software and updates
Oculus access to products and the use of them may require a specific hardware and software.
To ensure the proper performance of the products we can also automatically updated software, part Oculus by the user through the products, or assembled obtained in new software user Oculus, which may include amendments, patches, improved functions, missing plugs and new versions.
Using Oculus products, agrees to such automatic updates of the user.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right, at his discretion and if it is technically feasible to prevent user access to products or the possibility of products Oculus Oculus that we regard as a threat to the health or safety or violate our standards (also known as community rules) and conduct in facebook, of the agreement, the rules of law regulations vr or rules.
We won't bear no responsibility if we decide to remove, block or access to such products or delete able to use the entirety of the Oculus Oculus or any part thereof.
4.
Use user of products and content Oculus
4.
1 content and software license.
Unless agreed otherwise, in the case of permit the use of software, content, virtual objects or other materials that are our property or by us licensed (" software and content of the "), this user restricted non-exclusive and not we access and the installation of the software and licensing sublicencjonowaniu content and to use them exclusively for the personal and non-commercial purposes, provided compliance with the provisions of this regulation.
User will not use, copy, modify, swiftly, using engineering program dekompilować zwrotnie,,, attempt to dismantle backward odszyfrowywać source code, develop works subsidiaries, replacement,,,, distribute sell moved, a position to license display to the public, perform wypożyczać publicly envisage, sent, spread or otherwise exploit strumieniowo software or, with the exception ways clearly allowed by the content of the us and by law.
Using products in an illegal manner is forbidden and any Oculus such a case of a licence granted by this regulation will lose.
User obtain any licence or rights alleged or any other, outside the licenses and rights granted to him in clearly and unambiguously.
4.
2 Oculus runtime software.
Records subject to this regulation, in the licence granted in section 4.
1 user is entitled to obtain access, installation and use of software creator (" software " uruchomieniowe Oculus).
In order to maximise the benefits of security and general associated with the use of excitement, of products can be used only Oculus software on the equipment approved by the creator us and in conjunction with software developed by package software development kit, in accordance with the provisions of the rift licensing agreement Oculus software development kit rift.
Our commitment to use only with the current version of the user also software creator.
User acknowledges that software contains information and undertakes not to proprietary uruchomieniowe disclose them to any other person or entity.
4.
3 third party content.
Use user, through the products, services made available to the application or the content of the third parties Oculus (" content "), may be the subject of additional external contracts with the end user.
In case of conflict between the provisions of such agreements and provisions of this regulation, are binding provisions of this regulation.
Facebook accepts no responsibility for the access of the user or the exercise of its content of external or for any contained in them materials or functions.
External content shall be made available only under the licence, which are parties user and supplier data content of external.
Facebook can not in any event be considered external or for the party that the content of the licensor granted any right to use the content of external, adopted any obligations on the content of external or submitted any statement or gave any guarantees for content of external.
When download content of external has not been provided with the end user user licensing agreement, use by the user of the content of external will be subject to the following conditions: (a) licence is a third person providing content licensor content of external external (and not); (b) the person facebook user limited licence authorising nieprzenoszalnej provides access to the content of the external and of their use solely for the purposes of private and non-profit; and (c) the user can not modify, or the content of external dekompilować to tear down whole or in part, as well as creating on the basis of any subsidiaries or any right to these works sublicencjonować content of external or contained therein, without the unique authorisation received from third party concerned or arising from applicable law.
If supplier any of our principles, breaches the content of external, we can remove or exclude such content outside.
To the extent permitted by the law applicable does not bear any liability for such removal or exclusion of content of external.
4.
4 trial access to products Oculus.
So we reserve the right to offer free periods or test and other products, limited version version in order to allow the user to browse products Oculus Oculus before full. zakupieniem version
Versions these may have limited functionality, be available only for a limited period and contain other restrictions.
4.
5 availability Oculus after purchase; updates.
Oculus certain products may in whole or in part of their functionality to be dependent on the services provided by third parties.
Oculus such products may not work properly, or may have to cease if a third party will continue to provide services.
4.
6 support.
Facebook is responsible for all matters relating to the purchase of products, as well as clearing services for aid for Oculus platform Oculus.
Facebook but there is no service obligation on the content of external aid.
In order to help please contact with us by the portal at aid https: / / support.oculus.com.
4.
7 availability.
In some areas, and in some jurisdictions, products and content may not be available; we can also reduce Oculus or prohibit the use of part or all of the products and on certain territories and in the specific content of Oculus jurisdictions.
4.
8 network costs.
User may be charged fees by its network provider for services supply data and any other fees for external suppliers, which may arise during the use of products and agrees to bear responsibility for such Oculus charges.
If you're not liable accounts, we assume that has been granted authorisation from the payer accounts.
5.
The purchase of products Oculus
5.
1 Oculus Purchasing products from Oculus.
User Oculus can purchase products exclusively for their own or as a gift, unless these rules clearly does not allow any alternative.
You can't buy products from the company to commercial use or Oculus Oculus for resale, and they can be used for the development and testing of software applications or intended to be distributed by the facebook and our affiliates.
When contract or the purchase should be given us such data as the address and the clearing.
User declares and confirms that the data reported are correct and to ensure their updating.
Not bear responsibility for inaccurate data or information, which in time for the user are outdated; we do not have also obliged to correct contact details or address for shipment.
For most of the products, the user can manage data through settings Oculus account.
For products purchased waiting for, the user can dispatch at any time prior to dispatch for updated data side: https: / / shop.oculus.com / / history
Not we charges until the contract product (see below).
After placing the order user may receive from us the contract (hereinafter " receipt of confirming receive orders ").
Note: receipt confirmation does not mean that the contract has been accepted the contract.
Adoption contract confirming confirming that the contract has been adopted by sending a message to the implementation or the goods have been sent, depending on the situation (hereinafter " party "). the contract
Agreement between the company and the user relating to the relevant products Oculus will be awarded at the time of adoption of orders messages Oculus.
Any date or time of departure provided by us (or courier) are merely estimated and are not guaranteed.
The risk of losing purchased goods and responsibility for insurance of goods is passed on to physical at the time of service user.
No provision of this regulation shall not affect the statutory right to refuse to accept goods which at the time of receipt by the user are damaged or defective.
5.
2 Pre-orders.
Procurement przedpremierowych before there is a possibility to market a new product Oculus.
Oculus price of the product in that complies with the price of a given at the time of the contract and may, where appropriate, przedpremierowego contain the tax and the costs incurred.
Przedpremierowego placing the order does not guarantee delivery Oculus.
Preparedness Oculus at the time of delivery or performance, to product contact by user confirmation together with forwarding costs and purchase (where appropriate) taxes.
Will means that with the adoption of orders.
5.
3 our right to Reject your order.
So we reserve the right to refuse to accept or reject the contract at any time prior to the adoption of the contract.
In this case, we will attempt to inform the user.
Order, for example, where we can throw away: (a) we are not able to provide the product, such as Oculus
Due to their unavailability of or in connection with wrong price given in the point of sale; (b) the user will not live in a country or region, where you can acquire products; or (c) the user has ordered Oculus more than the maximum permitted number of products Oculus.
If you have made already pay, we will pay the full amount, together with all collected costs of delivery.
5.
4 your right to cancel or return physical goods.
User may cancel the standard or contract at any time prior to the dispatch of goods showcases and the adoption of orders.
Following consignment, copy user shall have the right, within 30 days from the date of receipt of the goods, to withdraw from the contract and return.
Law does not apply in the case of any goods, which have been used, or we have classified as non-recoverable, including any of the items or goods or changed according to the instructions of the user. personalised
Goods needs to be paid in its entirety in the original package with the relevant proof of purchase.
Costs of returning the goods has a user.
If at the time of returning the goods we find that the goods were used, are damaged, there is no elements or are not suitable for resale, we can impose a handling fee for the return of 15 % of the goods or otherwise deducted from the amount to return to the user, to take account of such damage, consumption or lack of elements.
To cancel the contract or have goods, the operator must inform us of its decision in accordance with the procedure set out on the website https: / / support.oculus.com
5.
5 content transactions.
User may be able to purchase of digital content via products Oculus.
User may also be able to purchase of additional or improved functions or multimedia content contained in certain products (called " shopping in applications in swarms Oculus ").
Unless this regulation provides otherwise, don't we are responsible for any transactions with third parties, involving the content of the external or purchases in applications.
Not are also no responsibility for the content or for purchases in applications occurring within the external content of external.
5.
6 Errors.
Are making efforts that products do not contain errors; we have not guaranteed Oculus, however, that all of our product descriptions and price information shall be accurate, Oculus complete, accurate, up-to-date and error-free.
Where a mistake then we reserve the right its correct and appropriate adjustments contract (including the calculation of prices) or cancellation of the contract and normal reimburse any amounts collected.
Where detection of a failure in the price or other significant error associated with the product, which has not yet been carried out, or Oculus delivered, we'll contact user to tell him bug and to put the or continuation after proper price or cancellation of the contract. purchases
If inability of contacting with the data provided at the time of user contact contract order for cancelled. we
5.
7 account.
The purchase of certain products may require registration user. Oculus
User is responsible for any costs or fees incurred in connection with his record.
We can try to recover unpaid charges, including
Trying place a burden on the payment instrument user using the services of companies recovery and other legally authorised measures.
If user decides to close your account, then we reserve the right, to the extent to which it is allowed by the rules in force taken before its closure, subsidies and charges the costs incurred.
Further registration will be possible only after the settlement of all overdue or unpaid amounts.
5.
8 virtual items.
Purchase virtual object or currency used in the game in the framework of products is a payment for a limited scope of the transmission of Oculus licence for access to such content or functionality in products and to use them. Oculus
Virtual objects (including characters and their names) or currency used in the game, bought or available to the user in products, may be used only in conjunction Oculus with products, in a place where they were obtained Oculus or where were created by the user in a result of their game.
These articles shall not be reimbursed or exchange and can not be traded outside products for cash or other valuable objects. Oculus
Can at any time amend or withdraw the virtual objects or currency used in the game.
5.
9 pricing and payment.
We payments in various forms, including
Card credit or debit and payments made by means of services and payments facebook. paypal
May apply additional conditions agreed with the supplier payments.
Contract standard or contract, by pre-sales confirms that it is a user entitled to use of the method of payment and that entitle us to load a given payment instrument by the contract.
When user providing us with their information regarding payment, entitle us (or the external intermediary in the execution of payments) for processing and save the payments and related information.
User depending on the location or place of delivery of the products, may benefit from service representative Oculus Oculus, subsidiary or related companies (including ireland limited in the case of facebook technologies outside the usa and canada) for the purpose of payment and delivery.
If the user the method of payment will not be possible to verify invalid or impossible to confirm for other reasons, we have the right to suspend or cancel the order.
User is responsible for resolving any problems that we to fulfil its contract.
The may change without prior notification.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to reject and cancellations of orders at any time and only at their own discretion.
5.
10 taxes.
If purchase or use of the products by the user shall be subject to any kind of taxes Oculus sales, duty, another fee or public (hereinafter " taxes ") daninie, we have a right to their user.
Taxes, will be made in payments for order.
User responsible for payment of any tax due in connection with the use of its products Oculus.
5.
11 cancellation content; phrases.
Every purchase of digital content is binding, unless the law in force or the principle of return measures for content on mobile devices (https: / / / / /) and legal www.oculus.com mobile-content-refund-policy rift (https: / / www.oculus.com / legal / /) otherwise. rift-content-refund-policy
Encouraging collection, installation and / or display any acquired as soon as they purchase content.
User acknowledges that the provision of digital content may begin immediately after their purchase and that, therefore, is any of his right to the withdrawal of the transaction and recovery of the public contribution paid.
Law in some jurisdictions does not allow to surrender or revocation, which is why certain rights laws surrender these rights laws may not be applicable to the user.
If user is unable to download, install or access purchased content, please contact us through the portal aid at https: / / support.oculus.com.
6.
Permitted use
During accessing products or the use of them, the user requires Oculus: (a) does not receive access to products or their use in a manner not Oculus which could interfere with the full and free use of the products anyone, especially but not exclusively through Oculus zniesławianie, bullying, threats, prejudice, hateful, vulgar, obscene, pornographic content or otherwise offensive content or behaviour; (b) in no way broken, not having to use my nor don't switch impair performance of the products; (c) do not obtain access Oculus to products or not to use them in any way Oculus, which would be illegal or unauthorised nor engage and do not support the illegal acts, nor any other, breach of this regulation, community standards (also known as the rules) and conduct in facebook or any other regulations or the rules laid down vr in connection with products Oculus; (d) do not use or did not try to use a different user without his permission accounts; (e) not modify, not, not nor swiftly hakować products; (f) not duplikować Oculus
7.
The content of the user
Products Oculus may include interactive functions and areas for transmission, publishing, sending, transmission by e-mail or other means of transmission or interaction package, including
Text paintings, photographs, films, sounds, environments or virtual reality, software and other characteristics of information and materials by the user (called " user "). content together
Unless otherwise agreed not to any ownership rights to the content of the user rościmy.
Uses content of intellectual property rights if the user that we are giving through products (for example, provided by the us images Oculus, projects, films or sounds that user added to set up or made available by yourself content in products), any right to our keeping Oculus content (but not to the content of the user).
By content via the products, the user shall provide user us a worldwide Oculus, which is free from the royalties transfer niewyłącznego and fully allowing sublicencjonowanie (i.e.
Allowing us to further transfer of that right) the right to use, copying, display, storage, adapting, public execution and distributing these content in connection with products facebook user companies (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / 195227921252400 /) (subject to the appropriate settings privacy (https: / / secure.oculus.com / / privacy /)) we.
This right shall expire, together with the removal of user content or, as far as the content of the user of a user account has not been made available to other people who don't have.
User irrevocably agrees to all acts and omissions on our side or on the side of people that we have authorised, are capable of affecting any law personal (or similar) to the content of the user.
If content, user accepted the rules regarding the user contain music music (https: / / / / / / music-terms quest store.facebook.com legal).
Are person only responsible for yourself in products made available by the content of the user and declares and confirm Oculus that (a) or is the sole and the sole owner of rights to all supplied by yourself, or any rights content user licences, permits, consent and exemption necessary for the grant us by the user rights specified in this section have been acquired by him; (b) provide content and further use by user does not affect us, not nor any belonging to a person breaking abuse of copyright law, patent, third property trademark rights or any business secrets, personal rights and other property rights or intellectual property rights, nor of personal rights or the rights to privacy and does not result in any breach of the existing laws or regulations; and that (c) content shall not affect our standards community user (also called the facebook) and rules of behaviour in vr.
We do not support or not giving guarantees for opinions, views, advice or recommendations published or sent by users.
Facebook accepts no responsibility for available through products content, nor has the users Oculus obligation to verify, edit or monitored.
Nevertheless entitled to disposal, verifying and then we reserve the editing content users, including the content of the infringing intellectual property rights or otherwise affecting these rules of procedure, at any time and for any reason, as well as exclusive to take decisions in this matter absolute.
If user is creating content to products or user przesyłającym Oculus related, acknowledges and agrees that the agreement concluded by the us with him as a creator shall prevail over the provisions of this section of the rules.
8.
Privacy rules
Our privacy rules, available at https: / / store.facebook.com / legal / / quest /, describe handling by privacy-policy us with the data, including the methods and rules for the collection, use and disclosure.
Equity third parties (including the content of external and producers, a mobile phone and other computer equipment used by the user) have the right to collect information on user during use by him with products Oculus.
Third parties referred to in the preceding sentence, have their own privacy rules governing the handling of information collected on the user.
Encouraging acquaint themselves with those rules before the transfer to a third party any information.
Not are responsible for the legality of rules protecting the privacy of any third party or to it, or third parties shall comply with its principles of privacy.
9.
Additional conditions
This regulation complements, but does not replace other agreements concluded by the user with us or our related entities, including in particular but agreements with, of the rules of the use of the creators niewyłącznie special equipment standards communities (also called rules) and facebook rules of behaviour in vr and competitions, professions and regulations promotion.
Also in case of purchase from us physical goods within a certain time may apply other conditions for the sale or promotion.
Purchase content by the user and their use, external may be subject to additional conditions, including, in particular, but to those of the end user with third parties and niewyłącznie principles of protection of privacy.
Please careful consultation with all the agreements and rules derived from third parties before displaying, collection and use the content of the external.
User may also obtain access to the services provided by other products companies (https: / / www.facebook.com facebook / help / /), in which case the 195227921252400 may apply different rules.
10.
Assessment
Display classification, comfort and we have the right age for digital content on the basis of information supplied content us by authors of those content.
We can not guarantee that the classification of digital content will always be accurate or that the user will never get, which will be harmful materials offensive or obscene inappropriate.
11.
Property and intellectual property
Unless stated otherwise, the products are owned by companies facebook, our bodies Oculus related or are protected by copyright, and our licencjodawców trademarks and other provisions of the united states and other countries.
User undertakes not remove, not to change the nor the any annotations about copyright, trademarks or other indications of property rights contained in products or to them attached. Oculus
Oculus Oculus vr,,,, him and touch rift Oculus Oculus (" signs logo Oculus ") is a trade marks or reserved Oculus marks facebook technologies, llc.
Copying counterfeiting and the use of it shall be prohibited in whole or in part of marks or related party without the prior written consent Oculus, except as permitted the applicable standards for the use of indications.
Any marks logos, trade names and any other marking reserved are marks or reserved marks their legitimate owners and they must not be used without their consent.
For more information on our guidelines on the use of indications contains a resource centre (https: / / oculusbrand.com indications).
12.
Opinions
Separately irrespective of the tenor and user user has the right questions sent comments, suggestions and ideas, plans, notes, drawings, materials or original and other information concerning creative us and products (collectively referred to as " opinions ") Oculus.
User allows for this company and its related to the use of these entities facebook opinion by any means following their own assessment, which will not cause on their side against the any obligations of.
13.
Compliance with the rights and the rights of export of public administration
User undertakes to comply with all the provisions of the united states and other competent authorities as regards restrictions on exports, including
Export provisions of the united states (export administration) (hereinafter " the provisions of regulations export ").
User undertakes, directly or indirectly, not export, not nor download products: (reeksportować Oculus (a) to any person, entity or the country by the export prohibition by any used by the united states the sanctions; (b) to any person appearing on the list of persons and entities sdn, prohibited or any other list concerning export control; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by including in order to export regulations proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological or developing techniques ballistic missiles.
User represents and confirms, moreover, that no federal agency for the united states government did not suspended, nor hasn't answered him, and that is not export powers refused it leaves sdn.
Products Oculus, including any related software, documentation and technical data are ready, software () ' within the meaning of the shelves COTS 48.
F.
, (
2.
101.
Providing Oculus products, which the end user is the united states government, we only the following principles: (a) the products are exclusively as the subject of trade (Oculus licensed COTS); and (b) the government of the united states shall enjoy the same rights as everyone else to end users in accordance with this regulation.
Such licence will be provided in accordance with common commercial far 12.
211 (technical data) and far 12.
212 (software), and in the case of transactions, which is involved in the united states department of defence-in accordance with DFARS 252.
227-7015 (technical data-articles commercial) and DFARS 227.
7202-3 (right to commercial computer software or documentation computer software).
If any agency the united states government will obtain any additional rights must discuss them with a facebook in order to determine whether the two parties are able to negotiate an acceptable change to those regulations, which must appear in any applicable agreement.
14.
Reports of intellectual property offences
Digital millennium copyright act in accordance with the law (" ") and other applicable laws we adopted the dmca rules closure, in appropriate circumstances, and according to our sole discretion, user account, who have been deemed which committed the infringement under conditions. recydywy
We right under our sole discretion, restrict access to products or close the account any user Oculus infringing intellectual property rights of others, regardless of whether there have been repeated infringement or not.
If you think anything that can be found in products or is available through them Oculus contravenes any held by him or located under the control of copyright, may submit a communication of the infringement in our representative at the following address:
Representative
Meta Platforms, inc.
1601 willow road
Menlo park, ca 94025, us
Telephone: + 1 (650) 543 4800
E-mail: ip @ oculus.com
Refer to requirements for notifications, contained in 17 regularity u.
P.
C., (
512 (c) (3) (direct link: https: / / www.copyright.gov /). # title17/92chap5.html 512
Received statements of alleged violations false conscious may result in the responsibility and the remuneration of agents, including applicable costs incurred by the us legal or by an entity in view of the allegedly taken under that breach of a false declaration the measures aimed at the removal or prevent access to a given material or activity.
15.
Hyperlinks
User is limited, the right to establish non-exclusive for non-commercial referring to our websites text; he must not, however, benefit hiperłączy at this with our or other elements of graphic proprietary logotypów if not has our clear, written consent.
Products Oculus may contain links to applications and external websites and other services, with a user confirms that the external understands that using links external runs the risk of contact with materials, harmful, not complying with the truth or against abusive in another respect inadequate.
User acknowledges that does not bear any liability for the availability or compliance with truth that stock owned by third parties or their products or services through them available.
Not support and not we promote such third parties, nor do we not for resources and impact with regard to them not we any statement or not giving in relation to them any type of guarantee.
Either and using any resources owned by third parties user must also be aware that the use of them are subject to specific, laid down by those persons, the rules and principles.
16.
Disclaimer
16.
1 before resorting to products has an obligation to refer to the important OCULUS user warnings and guidelines for the safety and health, available at https: / / legal / / health-and-safety-warnings / store.facebook.com quest.
Using OCULUS products, user and confirms that declares he is aware of these warnings and instructions.
So we reserve the right to update them and correct, we call for an their periodic check.
Additional warnings and guidance from the scope of the safety and health can provide makers, with regard to certain content them outside.
User declares and confirms that prior to the use of products with all warnings and WSKAZÓWAMI OCULUS read on health and safety.
16.
2 user clearly acknowledges that are gaining access to products and use of exclusively on its OCULUS their own risk.
In relations between the holder and the company, for which the maximum extent possible in facebook allow law, the products are supplied in a and in the form of OCULUS, in which they find themselves at the time of delivery, without the guarantee their availability and the company clearly excludes any guarantees, and ensure the facebook conditions (explicit or implicit, oral or written), including any implicit guarantees commercial airworthiness for specific purposes and the suitability of the absence of defects.
Facebook declares nor confirms, moreover, that no (a) functions included in products will be free from error and that will be OCULUS user, (b) the products comply with the requirements will work without interruption, guaranteeing OCULUS safety data, no errors and viruses, or that (c) shall be improved any costs products OCULUS.
No information, nor the council granted by the company in facebook guideline oral or written can not be considered to be the source of any guarantee or warranty.
These exclusion responsibility should be interpreted in a maximum permitted to guarantee applicable law.
Rules or, in some states may not authorise disclaimer of jurisdictions under the guarantee, so some or all contained in the implicit this section exclusion may not be applicable in the case of the responsibility of the user.
17.
Acquisition of liability
User undertakes to protect, exempt from responsibility and take responsibility for companies facebook, its affiliates, independent contractors and service providers, and the members of the board, officers, employees and the representatives of the (called " entities ") in the case of facebook collectively to any reported by a third party claims compensation costs, commitments and expenditure (including, in particular, but reasonable legal fees), caused by niewyłącznie resulting or associated with (a) made by the user purchase or use or failure to use products; (b) breach by the user Oculus of this regulation or other relevant regulations, rules, warnings or guidance provided by the company or a third party, and products on facebook Oculus; (c) by the user of any rule or law in violation of any third person or (d) any delivered by the user all user or opinion.
18.
The limitation of liability
Entities facebook shall not be liable for any lost benefits or other secondary specific injury, or indirect, arising from accidental NIEMAJĄTKOWE use by the user or unable to use products or associated with them, even if the OCULUS one entity facebook is informed of the possibility of any such damage.
Total liability of facebook resulting from the use or where the use of products or related thereto, in any event OCULUS does not exceed the greater of the following values: a $ 100 bill (100 usd) or the sum paid us by the user in order to benefit from products OCULUS.
These exclusion of certain types of liability compensation and limitation of liability should be interpreted in the permitted maximum applicable law.
Rules or, in some states may not allow an exemption or reduction JURSDYKCJACH liability for certain types of damage, so some or all of contained in this section exclusion and restrictions may not have referred to above apply in this case.
, Regardless of any different arrangements, no provision of this regulation does not prevent or hinder our responsibility for fraud, death or injury caused by negligence or does not aim to our influence inalienable rights of the laws of the user.
19.
The settlement of disputes
Please carefully read the following section, because it contains the that users surrender binding (renounce the proceedings before the court) arbitrage in any dispute with the company facebook (outside of the defined claims relating to intellectual property and claims of little value) and limits the scope of possible to obtain from the company facebook corrective measures (exclusion of collective proceedings arbitration and collective redress).
19.
1 binding arbitration dispute; claims of little value;.
User facebook and agree to relinquish all the rights to involving the jury and the right to the subject of any dispute under the court's decision and, instead, agree to a binding decision arbitration (i.e. entrust final and binding to settle the dispute of one or several impartial persons), subject to, however, that the user has the right to lodge any disputes before the court for
Claims low-value, unless all the requirements of such court, together with all the restrictions on the jurisdiction and the amount of the disputed, are met.
User undertakes to bring disputes before the court for
Claims low-value in san mateo county, california, or if he resides in the united states, before the court for
Claims of little value for the his residence.
" Dispute " in the sense in which it was used in this section 19, means any dispute, the basis for the action, the claim or at in any way connected to an facebook in connection with this regulation, subject to this regulation or access to products and the use of them or with those Oculus things associated, including
Dispute agreement, personal injury, deliktu, guarantees, regulations or charter or on a different legal basis or material or dispute involving third parties (e.g.
Makers content of external), except for disputes grounds, claims and related to polemics action intellectual property belonging to the company's facebook (e.g.
Marks reserved design, domain names, business secrets, property copyright and / or patents).
User facebook and grant exclusive mandate to resolve any dispute arbitrowi relating to the interpretation or application of this regulation or feasibility conclusion of this agreement, including the possibility to submit to the arbitration any disputes or claims relating to any of the records of this regulation or its annulment of full.
19.
2 no class, class actions or representative actions. Arbitrations
User facebook and state that any dispute is for consumers and businesses facebook individual in nature and that any disputes will be settled by means of individual arbitration and will not be arbitrage collective or collective redress.
None of the parties does not consent to arbitration or where collective arbitrage one person refers to the dispute, suggesting that it is representative of any other person or persons.
User facebook and do not consent to treatment dispute as collective redress or transferred by a qualified entity, or in the arbitration or externally, or on behalf of any other person or persons.
19.
3 federal Arbitration act.
Company facebook user and agree that this regulation has an impact on trade, and that is subject to the enforceability of the section 19 interstate traffic (federal act of arbitration federal Arbitration 9 u.
P.
C.)
1 and subsequent, hereinafter " ") and in accordance with it will be the faa interpreted and enforced, both in terms of substance, as well as the procedure, to the greatest extent permitted by law.
19.
4 confidentiality.
Arbitrator facebook user and undertake treated as confidential any procedure, including
Any information gathered, prepared and submitted for arbitration or linked to the dispute (disputes) concerned.
Arbitrator shall have the power to issue the corresponding decision in order to guarantee confidentiality, unless the law provisions stipulate otherwise.
19.
5 process.
Our aim is to resolving claims in a fair and quick.
Therefore, in relation to each dispute with a facebook user undertakes first contact facebook and try to settle the dispute amicably, sending to facebook written notification of the claim (" notification "). his
Notification should be sent to facebook by registered mail to the following address: general Counsel, 1601, willow road, Oculus menlo park, ca 94025.
Notification must (a) contain the user name, an address and e-mail address and / or mobile phone number linked to its account; (b) describe the nature and Oculus basis claims and (c) identify specifically requested remedy.
If you can not reach agreement on the settlement and facebook claim within 30 days of service, then each party has the right to notification, in accordance with this section 19, put on a case in court or a arbitration.
Company facebook user and consider that any dispute must be initiated or lodged within one year after the launch of the claim.
Intervals during this period causes permanent limitation to the dispute.
If there is resolution of the dispute by the user and a facebook, there is no their claims before the courts when you for
Claims low-value, user or facebook are obliged immediately refer the dispute to binding arbitration at the american association arbitration (american association, in short, Arbitration " aaa ").
In case of refusal by aaa or can not lead by the user and facebook arbitration aaa undertake benefit from agreed by both parties, the arbitrator or arbitration.
If despite efforts to a reasonable degree, user or facebook will not be able to reach an agreement on the forum arbitration or arbitrator, forum or arbitrator shall be determined by aaa such or the competent court.
Arbitration will be carried out in accordance with the rules of arbitration consumer (aaa consumer rules Arbitration aaa (hereinafter " aaa "), as amended rules.
Rules aaa and other information on the aaa and arbitration are available at https: / / www.adr.org.
It can also obtained by calling the number or request not to by 1-800-778-7879 address 120 broadway, floor 21, new york, ny 10271.
Accepting these rules of procedure, the user or (1) confirms the read and understand the rules aaa or (2) refrains from reading rules, at the same time, however, we give up the right to aaa claims that the rules are under any terms of unfair. ah
User facebook and conclude that this regulation is governed by arbitration and that current rules course may vary, when placed in them aaa periodically by aaa pending as provided for procedures for this purpose.
Law faa, within the limits of this regulation and the rules in force aaa, has power and jurisdiction, exclusive arbitrator to enable the taking of any decision on the dispute of procedural and substantive; his rights does not, however, include: authorisation to carry out the arbitration or by the qualified entities wytaczanych collective actions that are banned from the records of this regulation (as mentioned above).
Arbitrowi must only lead and must not be him at the arbitration individual consolidate claims more than one person or lead to any form of collective or by a qualified entity, the transferred or proceedings on behalf of more than one person or involving more than one person.
Unless arbitrator does not find that was unfounded or used for the wrong to arbitration, all fees and costs associated with facebook will dispute, carrying out arbitration and work notification of the arbitrator.
Arbitrator zasądzi in excess of that value if our last written proposals before choosing arbitrator (or complex an amicable where has not been made by the us proposal before choosing), then the recompense polubowna arbitrator user or 5. zasądzoną,
000 usd, depending on which of these amounts will be higher, and will carry costs, agent and return any procedural representative concerned fee pleading (including the costs and fees any costs incurred reasonably experts) by the user and his / her representative pleading in connection with the preparation and the claim by way of investigation, an examination of arbitration.
Zrzekamy right to seek reimbursement of any procedural representative concerned and any costs incurred in the charge conjunction with possible legitimate between us and user. arbitrage
19.
6 right to opt out.
User may refuse to cover provisions on arbitration.
In such a case or user, or the company may not require facebook from each other to participate in the arbitration proceedings.
To resignation user has tell us of its decision in writing within 30 days from the date of first entry for provisions on arbitration, state your name and the name and address of e-mail address used to account (in him), holding przypadka Oculus as well as to provide us with a clear statement from about wanting to opt out of cover provisions on arbitration.
Applications resign should be sent to address: general Counsel,, 1601 rd., Oculus willow
Menlo park, ca 94025.
If the court or arbitrator considers that none of the restrictions of this section shall not apply in respect of the claims for damages or request to remove the impact of the infringement (including public interim order), then this claim or this request to remove the impact of the infringement (and only) it should be excluded from the referral and may be lodged to court.
Unless user not to resign from provisions relating to the arbitration, this clause section 19 concerning the settlement of disputes shall remain valid also after the dissolution of this regulation.
Courts in some countries may not allow users to agree to arbitration.
User residing in one of those in the case of countries will apply such a law.
20.
Applicable law
20.
1 access to products and their use, governed by the law Oculus california, with the exception of the conflict rules. stanowemu
User access to products and the use of them may also be Oculus other rules-both local or state level, national or international.
20.
2 for not covered by the user agrees with provisions of section 19, moreover, that any dispute, base action, claims and controversy arising from the execution of this regulation, which can not be resolved by ordinary negotiations, will be settled only by the courts district of the united states northern district court or state located in california's san mateo county, and agrees to personal jurisdiction of these courts for the purposes of settling any dispute of this type in the extent possible under the law.
Courts in some countries need not apply the law of california to certain types of disputes or do not allow the user to agree to the jurisdiction of the courts california.
If in one of those countries to the user of such disputes relating to products will apply the law of such country. Oculus
Especially if you is a consumer and resides in the european union member state, the provisions of that member state will apply to any claim or dispute arising from facebook user action, or relating to this regulation, or products, a claim, the action or the dispute Oculus may be considered in any court in this country with competent competent to resolve this claim.
In all other cases, the user notes that his claim will be dealt with in accordance with this regulation.
21.
Amendments to products Oculus
Zastrzegamy reserve the right, suspension, disposal, changing and stopping access products Oculus niekontynuowania or their specific parts of, and we can exercise this right at any time and without notice.
Facebook will not under any circumstances bear the responsibility for the removal or exclusion from access to any part or any of the functions of products Oculus.
22.
Termination
Infringement user of this regulation or any other regulations and rules of to which there is the reference, or if in any other way you put yourself us at risk of legal responsibility, then we reserve the right to receive him access rights to the products and the right to benefit from them. Oculus
23.
Clause salwatoryjna
Where any of the provisions of this regulation will be considered unlawful and void or impossible to enforce, then such a provision is deemed to be excluded from this regulation and will have no impact on the validity and enforceability of any of the other provisions.
24.
Assignment
The user can not pass on this regulation or any of the resulting rights without the prior written consent of companies and any attempt to make such an assignment facebook without will not have the necessary consensus legal consequences.
Enforceable previous clause, subject to these rules of procedure and we all have our successors in title and working on our and their benefit, cesjonariuszy and will by us and by them enforced.
25.
Renunciation rights, lack of resulting from the contract
None by facebook user by any of the implementation of non-enforcement of this regulation or of us in his power or generally non-utilisation of existing legislation corrective measures and rights can not be interpreted as surrender or the withdrawal of any provision of, the rights or administration measure, or in this or in any other case.
Such a provision, right or remedy shall remain valid in full strength and effectiveness.
26.
Contact with us
Any questions and concerns regarding this regulation and products, please contact us through the portal aid Oculus at https: / / support.oculus.com or email: contact @ oculus.com.
27.
Specific provisions relating to users outside the united states
Some specific conditions for only users from germany can be found at https: / / / / / / / terms-applicable-to-germany legal store.facebook.com quest.
Users living in germany, we are asking for a careful reading of them.
If user is a company established in the european union or in the united kingdom and publishes on the content offered end-users located in Oculus of the european union or in the united kingdom, for more information about the commercial relations with us user of platform for companies, which will receive the notification is in addition to this regulation.
