Paypal
Agreement with the user services paypal
The user account
This agreement with the user shall enter into force on 14 september 2020.
And available to all users.
Welcome in the paypal!
These are the conditions of the contract between you with a paypal (europe).
A r.l.
And you, p.
C.
A. ("
Paypal "), which governing by the user of accounts and services, which we call our paypal paypal contract with a user.
Its provisions only accounts paypal poland. people
If user is a natural person, must be at least 18 years of age and have full legal capacity to enter into contracts, to be able to start an account and use the services of paypal paypal.
If you is established, the company must be registered in poland.
In order to benefit from services should be assumed for account. paypal paypal
Opening account paypal user undertakes to comply with all the conditions of this agreement with the operator.
Agrees comply with the provisions contained in the user, in addition, the following additional documents and all other documents listed on the legal agreements, which are applicable to the user: charges; information on data protection rules; principles acceptable use; any subsequent changes announced updates rules already published on the website of legal agreements.
Please carefully read all the conditions set out in this agreement with the user and all other relevant documents.
Company paypal may from time to time to make changes in this agreement with the user and in other documents mentioned above.
Revised version entered into force at the time of publication, unless otherwise noted.
If restrict user rights or extend the amendments his responsibility, we will publish accordingly found at updating the rules on paypal and we will inform the user of that at least two months in advance.
By further use of a service paypal after entry into force of amendments to this agreement with the wearer, user agrees comply with all the changes.
If user does not agree to any changes can close its account before their entry into force.
Information about the company and paypal service paypal
Primary paypal activities of the company's issuance of electronic money and payment services using the electronic money.
More information about the system paypal can be found in the document entitled key information on payments and services.
This agreement together with the other conditions, and the information relating to the use of services paypal disclosures required by law, will be available at all times on paypal (usually on the legal agreements).
This information may also be sent to the user.
User may require companies paypal information whose disclosure copies of all is required, by law (including this agreement with the user and the essential information on payments and services).
Company paypal will provide this information in the form then to allow their storage and copying (e.g.
By e-mail).
Opening accounts
Company paypal offers two types of accounts: personal accounts and company accounts.
Personal accounts
Through personal user accounts may send money to friends and family, require them to pay for shopping online payment and.
In the case of certain existing personal accounts may be required (which may be associated with the extension of the accounts of the need to provide additional information to paypal) in order to preserve the benefit of all of the functions are currently available on personal account.
To benefit from the account primarily for the purpose of sale, paypal attach account company or extend account to personal accounts showing.
Account name
Account company is intended for individuals and organisations (with legal personality or not), which primarily benefit from the paypal to receive the payments from the sale or online donations.
Account company may be subject to charges, which differ from the charges applicable to personal accounts.
More information can be found at the.
Assuming account company or expanding to personal accounts showing, user account certifies that benefits from him first and foremost, for business purposes or commercial.
The trader
If activities through accounts showing user thresholds or cover specific reach business or activities in accordance with the requirements of the segments of the organisation of the user has to make a deal with the exhibitors cards the trader directly with partners companies to be able to continue to take paypal processing transactions payments financed through the cards.
In this case, to each of the payments processed by the company on behalf of the user will have an agreement with paypal a commercial entity and this agreement with the operator.
Safe use of the account paypal
User should take reasonable steps to prevent abuse his account paypal.
User needs to promote appropriate security and exercise control over any equipment, objects, identifiers passwords, and personal identification numbers or codes, which uses in order to obtain access to your account paypal and services paypal.
Information on the relevant guidelines can be found in the most relevant information of payments and services.
Follow all instructions on caring for the safety of the payment instrument, published by the company paypal.
Company paypal may ask the user for authentication orders (i.e.
For paypal company information needed to confirm that the order was really provided by user, e.g.
Oral valid data-including e-mail address and passwords login) and successful on account in order to provide login payment order. paypal
User needs to look after that of its postal address, e-mail address and other contact details in the accounts were always up-to-date. paypal
User may provide or receive outsourced powers to take specific action on its behalf and manage such powers.
In some cases, it may do so, to their account, and in logując other directly from an external entity.-porozumiewając
User notes that for giving him the power to take outsourced by action on its behalf, the company may provide these external actors some information paypal on his account.
User may allow the external service providers holding a licence:
Services information on account in order to obtain information on the user account on its behalf;
Confirm whether the amount necessary to achieve card payments is available on user account; and
Services initiate payments in order to initiate payments from user accounts on his behalf.
Giving outsourced the competence to obtain access to the accounts does not prevent the user from any of the obligations arising from this agreement.
User shall be responsible to companies to which the implementation of the responsibility for actions paypal authorised external actors.
User won't attracted companies to account and relieves the company from paypal paypal any liability resulting from the acts or omissions of outside bodies in connection with the provided by yourself, subject to the rights of statutory powers to the user.
Closure of accounts paypal
The user can to close your account at any time.
Information on how to do it, can be found in the centre of aid paypal.
Company paypal has the right to close your account user at its own discretion, by giving of this fact user with two months in advance.
Paypal furthermore, the company may close at any time if the user account: user breaches the provisions of this agreement with the user or when the company is otherwise authorised to the closure of the paypal user accounts under the provisions of this agreement; user does not benefit from accounts for three years; or company suspects that there has been a paypal of unauthorised use of a user account.
If the accounts by the user receives notification of its closure and paypal-as far as possible-the reasons for that decision, as well as the ability to withdraw any retained by the company, which are not the subject of dispute measures paypal.
Post-closure account: this agreement with the user shall be immediately, even though its provisions shall continue to apply in terminated the extent and for the period required for the solution to the problem of the closure of accounts and comply with the applicable rules and regulations; the company may cancel any transactions and paypal pending user forfeit any balances linked to specific conditions of financing payments; the company may suspend, limit or terminate the paypal user access to some or all services, websites, software systems companies (including any network and paypal servers be used for services) operated by the paypal or on its behalf; user shall remain responsible for dealing with any obligations under the agreement with the user generated before the closure of account; the company may keep the information about the user account in paypal its database in order to meet legal obligations; and the paypal can maintain the electronic money after the closure of its account to the user at the appropriate amounts and for the period required in order to prevent companies with good reason or any external actors in the event of paypal undo, check, claims charges, burden fines, penalties and other obligations of any nature.
Thereafter user may at any time on account not subject to any claims paid paypal measures.
Questions or problems relating to the measures retained on contact should be closed accounts paypal.
If are the legal representative of the holder of the account or accounts with limited the holder of the late legal capacity should contact paypal in order to help.
When company decision to exclude any services or functions paypal from any cause as you will be informed of this fact with at least two months in advance, unless the company considers in good faith that: paypal service or function must be excluded before due to legal requirements or obligations to outside bodies; or it could create safety risks or the heavy burden of material or technical.
To link and removal of sources of funding payments
Money located on their user account are referred to as " officially, " which in e-money throughout the european area means that it is suitable for use in the form of money transactions online.
User can use the sources of financing for payments in order to pay company in order to receive electronic money credited to the paypal or being able to payment of aid from, in accordance with the provisions of this agreement with account user (see
Entitled addition or payment in particular the points and financing money payments).
User can link or remove credit card, debit, (where appropriate), account przedpłaconą bank account or credit (if appropriate) as paypal source of financing of payments on account paypal.
Company paypal may limit the availability of finance payments to manage the risks.
Keep up-to-date information on the source of financing of payment (e.g.
Number and expiration date of the credit card).
For changes to this information the company can be updated on the basis of the information available paypal and data derived from external sources without the need for action on the part of the user.
If user does not wish to company updated data his card may ask paypal that its issuer or remove source of financing for payments from his account paypal.
Paypal update source of funding if this user payments any associated source settings will retain preferences.
User can choose confirmation card number or bank account, which allows to check whether it is the owner of the account paypal and whether its charter is important.
This can be done through the implementation of procedures and confirmation card or bank account pro-cyclical or by other procedures for which the company will inform notifications or paypal periodically publications.
Constant consent to passing on sources of funding granted by the user payments to paypal
By linking the sources of financing for payments account paypal user company grants authorisation to automatic debiting the paypal without a time limit sources of funding in accordance with the provisions of this agreement with payments (user and terms used by the originator sources of payments in order to mandate of enforcement of the authorisation) for an amount necessary for the purchase of electronic money required:
To cover the amount of payments (and all charges payable company), when the user transaction paypal benefits from the account in order to send payments to another user; and
To add measures to a user account by using the add measures.
Company paypal may again source of financing for payments, if the previous attempt to charge failed.
Cancels bezterminową consent to any user if turns its sources of funding, payments to charge an amount equal to value of e-money issued, which remains outstanding at the source of financing of payments.
User may revoke this entitlement, by removing the related source of funding from his account payments paypal.
Risk withdrawal of payments to source of funding for payment of the user and the situations in which are used cheques electronic
After receiving the payment from the sources of financing for payments user company may store the resulting amount in paypal e-money posted to the reserves as long as the user there are indications that there is a risk withdrawal of payments by the supplier source of funding.
Is because that the company does not have all the information necessary for paypal measures from the payment of user for when there is a risk balance his account paypal that payment. withdrawal
When user company to another user has paypal implementation payments from his account financed through a bank account, and the company holds the resulting amount in paypal e-money, this type of payment is called a check electronic.
To find out how we use the cheques, read with section financing electronic payments sent from account below.
Possession and use of account balances paypal
User does not receive any interest and other gains measures held on account.
Is because that money on account of electronic money and that european laws are prohibited from ownership of relating to interest payable of electronic money.
Also luxembourg law provides for electronic money should not be considered as investments, or investment.
User is therefore not protected under the luxembourg system deposit guarantees or plans investor compensation operated by the conseil des protection des Deposants et des investisseurs.
Company paypal may keep the money on one of the following user accounts or sent money between the following accounts:
Balance paypal; and
Account reserves
At any time in accordance with the provisions in the remainder of this agreement.
Balance paypal
Part operating account balance, contains the balance available at paypal user needs of payment or payments.
When user makes use of the payment services to send money to another user companies paypal, have to the transfer of funds from his account balances paypal on account of the recipient. paypal
User must take into account balance cleared sufficient means to cover the amount of each paypal made payments and fees for transaction that the company at the time of the execution of payments. paypal is
With other applicable requirements can be consulted at the point of making payments below.
In case of insufficient resources to account or select preferred sources of financing for payments user paypal have also to measures of this source of funding payments paypal collection and transfer of the corresponding amount of electronic money to balance accounts in order to achieve the desired payments. paypal user
If you want to pay money, must be posted to the paypal sufficient to cover the amount of any payment of balance at the time of making.
To learn how to add measures to account balances and paid with him the money should be paypal read section addition or payment of the money.
If paypal account balance, it is a negative amount user shows the net amount at the moment. due to paypal
The reserves
Money identified in the accounts as " pending, " ", " " outstanding " or otherwise limited blocked at any time are stored in part accounts, which acts as reserve accounts.
The user can not obtain access to money stored on account or benefit from them. reserves
Adding and pay money
Adding money
In order to receive electronic money on account, the user may, in accordance with the provisions in the remainder of this agreement with the user:
Accept payment from another person.
Company paypal may impose it on a user; or
Receive paypal electronic money from the company after its payment equivalent.
User may receive from the company paypal electronic money:
By automatic use of appropriate funding payments in order to cover claims (and fees in the transaction), whose sending user hired a paypal paypal or
Manually using functions " measures " available on the record, in order to add to pay, or have to its sources of financing for payments in exchange paypal burden to obtain electronic money.
To carry out any payment to the company by the supplier of sources of financing for the user legal responsibility paypal is supplier sources of financing of payments.
Company paypal has no impact on how long the implementation of payments on its behalf.
Paying the money
If the user has measures account balance, may pay any amount, shedding paypal her to payments linked to its account designated source of financing, to which the company can paypal paypal from time to time allowed.
It may be a bank account or debit card or credit, depending on the country of registration account user paypal.
When user will to payment of the amount from their account balances paypal any paypal, pursuant to the provisions in the remainder of this agreement with the user company paypal,
Przeliczy electronic money for money, which will be shed on designated source of financing of payments the user; and
Will own bank money for the transfer of these designated source of funding for payment of the user.
Company paypal tries to send measures to its bank payment orders until the end of the next working day (
" Working day " means the date on which the banks in luxembourg are open to the public), if there should be no further delays, referred to in this agreement with the operator.
After the payment order to the bank, the company has no influence on how the paypal long for the realisation of the payments to the user.
Bank company at the moment, the supplier sources of financing the user and payment paypal used by them payment system for providing money for designated assume their responsibilities source of funding and this may affect the time payment user receive the money by the user.
Company paypal may allow to money planned by their on: overflow
Eligible bank account (if this option is available) through:
Standard transfer to a bank account user related to its account (this function is sometimes known as a transfer to a bank account); or
Lightning transfer to a bank account linked to the account of the user.
Company paypal may authorize such transfers via debit card linked to the bank account.
Card mastercard or visa (if this option is available).
For disbursement of funds are charges.
Whenever when the user will the disbursement of funds, company user charges applicable in advance. paypal reveals
Payments source of funding (such as a bank account or card), to which is to be made payment, must be carried out in the original currency opening user accounts or other relevant currency operated by the company in the country of residence paypal user.
User can pay measures from the balance in the currency of open an account paypal account only insofar as the company decides otherwise paypal.
Measures balances account to pay, in another currency, the operator must convert paypal them on measures in the currency of opening its account.
Otherwise they shall be converted at the time of payment.
Company paypal exchange rate will be applied retail.
This means that, in the case of an measures:
With paypal account balances in currencies other than the original currency open an account user fee will be charged for the currency conversion for primary currency opening; and
The source of funding of payment (e.g.
A bank account or card) in a currency other than the original currency open an account user will be charged fee for conversion into the currency in which is a source of funding for payments.
To protect the user, other users of the system and paypal in order to preserve and losses from the company paypal compliance with the provisions relating to the prevention of money laundering and other provisions of the law, the company may in certain situations, the payment delay paypal including, where necessary to confirm that the user payment or in case of withdrawal of payments sent autoryzował credited to the user (for example, as a result of burden paypal return transaction reversal by a bank or a dispute with the buyer).
Where credited to the user was imposed limitation, the payment was paypal blocked or where user account or any account related shows in any currency, and the outstanding balance on account of the user is waiting for, the implementation of the payment of the paypal user must again initiate this payment after the lifting of the restrictions or locking or settlement of the outstanding balances.
Company paypal may impose limit payments per user account.
Limits payments can be verified on his own paypal logując.
Limit payments to raise should be performed as company function will be periodically inform notifications or paypal publications (they may be the description of the account).
Money management in multiple currencies
After opening the account it is configured for use in the currency of open an account.
Primary currency opening user accounts is polish zloty (pln).
Company paypal may account, so that the user can remain configure balances and send and receive payments in currencies other than that of the opening of the account.
If maintains the user account balance, the company may authorise him to paypal paypal their conversion into balance in another currency.
If balance on accounts does not have sufficient means to cover the paypal user payments study commissioned in a particular currency, the company can make a currency conversion of any balance paypal account user in another currency in order to cover paypal missing amount.
Certain restrictions may apply for sending payment in certain currencies.
Company paypal may also allow the user to the way in which account treats or select currency other than that convert payments received in the opening up of user accounts.
To pick up the money in a currency other than that of the open an account, it may be necessary in that currency or conversion of the creation of a balance in another currency, which the user can have.
Payments currencies referred to can be received only by automatic conversion into another currency that money can be of user.
User receives payments from any person, if that is not account, and such payment is in the currency paypal, for which the account is not configured paypal can automatically converted into the currency of the amounts received for which account is configured at the time of the execution of payments.
See the section above, to find out the money planned how can be made payments in different currencies.
If one of the user account has a duty to balances foreign companies, the company is able to cover this paypal paypal due company commitments from the measures to be held by the user in paypal another currency or deduct the amount due from the money received on the account, of the measures which the user wants to pay or send from his account, or to other account or funding from any payments, which wants to make a user.
If paypal account balance for 21 days is going to be to companies in user charge paypal currency other than the euro, then the company may enter the amount due to the conversion of the paypal euro.
Company paypal may at their own discretion impose limits on amount of money which can be converted, or on the number of authorised conversion rates.
User is responsible for all the risks associated with the maintenance of the measures in many currencies on account paypal.
The user can not manage currencies or their for purposes of speculation for arbitration converted conversion, options or any other business, conversion of currencies whose main purpose (in recognition of the company) is to acquire or to make some money paypal on the basis of courses currency conversions.
Company paypal can block, cancel or withdraw all transactions, which in its recognition of these principles. break
As paypal company converted currency
If paypal currency conversion, apply retail shall exchange rate set by paypal company for the currency.
Exchange rate of the transaction is regularly adjusted and includes charge applicable and taken into consideration by the company in the exchange rate, in order to obtain basic paypal thus rate applicable to the currency conversion.
Basic exchange rate shall be determined on the basis of courses on wholesale markets, in which trade exists of currency, or from the previous business day or, when required by the legislation, based on the relevant exchange rates set by the state.
Company paypal may make available to the exchange rate (taking into account the possibility to verify the retail) during the execution of the transaction.
If complete the user, the same retail exchange rate may be applied to payments for the transaction regardless of when it will be processed, or this rate may be valid only if the payment for this transaction will be prepared for a limited time, as set out in the implementation of transactions.
After that period the company can use limited paypal exchange rate of the retail at the time of transaction processing or not perform currency conversion.
If autoryzował payments under the user clearing and chose the currency conversion in the paypal company will use the exchange rate prevailing at the time of the retail paypal transaction processing.
Retail exchange rate for each of the payments under the clearing may vary.
Company paypal may provide user tool ", " which allows you to check converter currencies which exchange rate (including the retail charges for) the conversion of currency may apply in the case of certain conversion rates.
Courses displayed in currencies will be valid only when using Konwerterze tools and may be affected.
Options currency conversion
When source of funding or credit and debit card payments is the company considers that it is necessary to paypal currency conversion, user allows that in place of the card-issuing debit or credit currency conversion has firm paypal.
In for card payments may be entitled to decide that the user currency conversion payments to the currency in which user payment account sends cards, if this solution will paypal issuer is used by the provider cards.
You may be asked to make that choice in various forms, including
By indicating the currency transactions of the conversion (company or issuer card) or conversion rate paypal used in the transaction.
For currency conversion by the originator of the charter, he will define the currency conversion and any charges.
Company paypal will always make conversion of currencies in the case of transactions financed through the existing balances or related bank account.
Paypal finds that the conversion of currency if a company is central to achieving transactions requiring also use reserve, the user can not be a source of funding payment being able to separate the choice of whether currency conversion will company or in the case of payment cards paypal issuer of reserve source of funding.
If currency conversion in the time of the sale will be offered not by the paypal only by and the user decides to authenticate payment transaction trader on the basis of exchange rate and the charges laid down by the trader, the company will not be responsible for the conversion of currency is paypal.
Statements of account and the request for data of accounts
Unless user account has not been imposed restrictions on, the user can display and withdraw extract, on his own account paypal logując paypal.
User agrees to view their transactions in tab action rather than receive periodic e-mail extracts.
Key information on payments will be sent by electronic mail, and the story user will be updated and transactions will be available to the user at any time after logging in to account.
The user may also take the report on his record paypal.
Will therein visible all charges and all other amounts collected from incurred paypal during that period. the user accounts
Reports will be updated and made available only in the case of actions on account of any charge over a given period or taking paypal.
Form in which information on transactions will be delivered to the user, let him for the storage and copying of such information unchanged, e.g.
By printed copies.
Company paypal reserves the right to charge for access to the user to additional information or for the delivery of history of transactions and other information on fees by other means.
User will not be is charged fee access to documents requested in connection with the undertakings made in good faith suspected error rate for his account paypal.
The
Company paypal charge a fee for the use of services, as set out on the charges.
Given fees shall include all applicable taxes; however, there may be other taxes or costs, which are not paid via paypal or by it charged. company
User bears responsibility for the payment of fees telephone, any charges imposed by the internet service provider and of similar or related charges in connection with the use of services by the paypal.
Company paypal may collect fees for paypal user.
Company paypal may charge a fee relating to transactions from sent amounts before these measures will be added to the balance of accounts paypal user.
Details quotas and fees charged to the user may find received by e-mail from the system or in the paypal sent action (the account at login).
If in connection with the payment user is required to pay a fee for companies paypal company may disclose user her majesty after receipt of the paypal from him proper order.
The user can not withhold or any amount from the amount of the fees. count
Company paypal may charge user fees for any additional services provided outside the framework of this agreement with the operator.
User shall be informed of these charges during ordering services.
If user is a salesman and apply for (and wishes to preserving) rate for traders based on sales volumes, conditions apply for rate for traders referred to in point receiving payments below.
Payments
The general provisions concerning payment
Payment order
Company paypal may allow the user to provide it with the payment order by any means, of which the company can tell from time to time paypal user.
Way transfer of the payment order by the user depends on the type of payments made, for example:
If user pays for the purchase or communicate donation, many organisations sellers or collection of funds enables the user to transfer a payment order company in its site using a specific key paypal for the implementation of the transactions in the system paypal or other integrated solutions paypal.
To send someone money, you can use functions to send money after logging in his account paypal.
Company paypal may ask the user for authentication orders (i.e.
For paypal company information needed to confirm that the order was really provided by user, e.g.
Oral valid data-including e-mail address and passwords login) and successful on account in order to provide login payment order. paypal
Cancellation of a payment order
Paypal payment order after the transfer of company the user can not withdraw it.
Except for payments under the clearing (for more details below).
How long will my payments?
Payments on behalf of another user will be taken from user accounts [within one working day] after receipt by the paypal complete payment order.
Payment will be taken from a user account within two working days, in the event of a paypal payment order:
On, which is not a working day; or
Day hours after the following limits for accounts registered in the following countries: 2:00 in poland.
Company paypal may authorise the payment at a user to later.
In this case, payments will be taken from accounts in that later.
Other provisions of this agreement with the user may result in a prolonged above the timeframe.
Paypal when the company may refuse to make payments
Company paypal may treat payment order as incomplete and may refuse to make payments, if:
User does not have sufficient funds to balance accounts paypal;
Exist grounds to believe that the related there is no sufficient funds to cover the sources of funding for the amount of payments;
User did not submit to all the information required in the process of implementation of the paypal transaction by which user shall to their payment order (e.g. paypal
Required information about the consignee and authentication payment order);
Exceed upload limit, as the amount of the payment shall inform the user while attempting to payment paypal company; or
Exist reason to believe that, in connection with a user have banned action or otherwise user breached provisions of this agreement with the operator.
When the payment is not accepted by the
Paypal allows the user to if the company to the person who is not sending payment accounts, the recipient can to get money, assuming paypal account paypal.
If recipient has already account, maybe he doesn't take money. paypal
If recipient does not accept the payment or not wear accounts and does not take money within 30 paypal days after their dispatch, money (including any fees charged) will be reimbursed to the user paypal user.
To find out what is happening in the case of reimbursement of money on behalf of paypal refer to point reimbursements money for user account.
Upload limit
Company paypal may at their own discretion impose limits on the amount and the value of the payments made by the user, including sent payments for shopping.
Upload limit, you can find out to your account. logując paypal
Upload limit should be performed to remove steps of the company which will be periodically inform notifications or paypal publications (they may appear on the summary).
Configure automatic charges from his account
Payments delayed by the seller
Paying seller or for some (e.g. some shopping
For order, which must be sent or which may be updated and finalised by the seller, the user shall:
Seller authorisation to be taken at a later date; and payments
Company paypal automatic payment at the request of the seller. command
Approval usually shall remain valid for up to 30 days, but may remain valid for longer.
If the user has measures on balance, the company can block the amount of payments as oczekującą paypal, until the seller does not take payments.
If the payments is required by a currency conversion paypal rate will be defined and retail currency conversion used (as described in section currency conversion) at the time processing of payments.
Authorisation allows the amount of payments before its withdrawal (update to the seller in order to take her set with the seller changes in contract, such as additional taxes, costs incurred or discounts).
Company paypal need not at any time verify any changes (including at the time of payment).
Company paypal may make transfers of any amount on the basis of authorisations given by the user and the command on the definitive payment received from the seller.
Payment settlement agreements
User may manage a payment to the same customers, by an agreement on an ongoing basis and automatically clearing.
When concluding the contract of account:
User authorises payment from his account to charge customers referred to in accordance with their findings (may include payment of amounts due to the recipient for the purchase of goods or services in the framework of a separate agreement concluded with the recipient); and
User has to paypal making payments to the recipients (or other designated by them referred to customers), when the company receives from them such request payments. paypal
Consignee becomes " that makes " (a legal term for describing the trusted beneficiary, which the user as) all payments will show you trusted under that contract, clearing.
Company paypal will therefore not to ask for authentication (e.g.
By login) or approval at the time of their making.
Payments pursuant to the contract may be for various amounts and clearing be made at different times.
Company paypal is only the payment service provider, can not therefore be familiar with the findings between the operator and the recipient or the reasons for which the recipient decides to payments to pick up.
Company paypal is not required to verify and confirm the amounts presented by recipient for the purpose of processing payments arising from the contract of account.
Company paypal uses multiple in relation to the payment terms which may be managed on the basis of agreement, such as ' account
Payments automatic, " " payments, " " rolling ' " payments, " ', " provisionally authorised transactions default ' or ' initially approved transfers payment. "
User may cancel the contract clearing at any time and with immediate effect through its account or by contacting the company paypal.
Where user informs about cancellation of the contract, a company paypal clearing under the agreement is scheduled payment before the expiry of the following working day, the company may cancel the agreement after the paypal clearing the payments.
If cancellation of the contract of account may continue to be owe money for user customers received the goods or services for which he didn't.
Paypal considers that if the company is necessary the currency conversion and make this conversion will retail (including a fee for the exchange rate in force at the time of the conversion of currency) transaction processing.
Retail exchange rate for each transaction the payment may vary.
Returns money for user account
In what situations might come to the repayment of money
Company paypal may allow the payee:
Refuse accepting payment; or
Adopt it, and then using at paypal for the subsequent refund within an amount equal to send all or part of the amount of payments.
Company paypal will pay the amount of any payment or payments to balance rejected returned user accounts.
Within 30 days from the date of initiation of payment company shall bring the balance user accounts the paypal nieodebranej payments.
If any amount of the payment shall be repaid user as described above, the company may convert amounts recovered at: paypal
Currency balance used to make payments (before the original paypal possible currency in the currency received by the recipient) przeliczeniem;
Primary currency open an account user; or
Us dollar (opening balance in that currency, if the user still didn't has).
If originally sent by the conversion of currency, a user payments cover the amount of the currency in paypal przeliczy repaid which the recipient has received payments as follows:
If amount will be repaid within one day after the date of the initial payment company paypal applies the exchange rate used at the time of the original retail payments in order to user has received (including suffered a primary amount for the currency conversion) currency that has been converted into needs dispatch payments; and original
If amount will be repaid within one day after the date of the initial payment, the company will use the exchange rate used at the time of paypal retail recovery conversion amount.
User agrees to support a fee for the conversion of currency in the case of amounts returned as the repayment of money or rejected payments.
Unless otherwise specified in the above paragraph, the user agrees to support a fee for the conversion of currency for amounts reimbursed user as money back or rejected payments when the user returned to it the amount in the manner described above przeliczy.
Retail exchange rate may be applied immediately, without notifying the user.
Company paypal may also automatically paid amounts recovered from the balance user and back to the source of funding payments pour measures used to make payments. primary
Payments may also include the currency conversion-see section paying money above.
Risk associated with obtaining repayment of money
Refund may have a lower value than the original amount of the payment.
This may occur in the case of:
Dispatch refund by the recipient with a value below the original amount of the payment.
Paypal as it is only the payment service provider may not know what the amount of reimbursement has money, or why consignee sent money back to the user in a given amount; or
Retail exchange rate fluctuations.
Company paypal shall not be liable for any loss arising out of the decision to reject or consignee, unless the repayment of money returned payments sent by the consignee is carried out by the payment incorrectly paypal.
Not bear responsibility for the difference between the initial payment and the refund, except due when the profitability is incorrect payment (see the section dealing with the problems).
Financing payments
Select preferred sources of financing for payments
The user can select preferred source of funding for his account payments after login.
In accordance with the provisions of this agreement with the user preferred source of funding will be used as a source of funding for payment default payments sent from user accounts.
The user can select separate source of funding for certain payments preferred settlement agreements.
The specific funding conditions payments
Some payments may be financed by the related to account user, such as specific sources of financing for payments in trader, fee or other promotional source of financing of payments bon upominkowy.
Benefiting from the specific funding conditions and their payment shall be subject to the conditions agreed between the operator and prioritisation of a separate company paypal.
Account can be displayed in the summary information on available under the specific funding conditions hypothetical amount of payments, of which at a given time may be financed appropriately indicated payments.
This amount is not electronic money is not considered to be part of the balance accounts and it can not be used as the user paypal cash.
It is only an amount of electronic money, which the company proposed issue () and to issue a paypal user account at the time of implementation (and in order to cover immediate) eligible payment, subject to further provisions relating to the use of these specific financing conditions and within the period specified in payments (only those provisions).
If made by user payments under the specific conditions financing of payment will be financed at a later date, and from any cause withdrawn, the company paypal amount which corresponds to that part of the payments will what was financed in accordance with the specific conditions of payments, and (if the user financing the specific funding conditions payments already have not expired) specific conditions for the financing of the payments. restore
Financing payments sent from accounts
Company paypal is electronic money for payments sent from a user account from the following sources in the following order and in so far as they are available:
The specific funding conditions payments (if available for the relevant transactions)
Preferred source of funding for payment (if available), has been selected and
Existing balance of the account paypal
Bank account (transfer under the authority of the banking) expected
Paypal credit (if applicable)
Debit card brands (where appropriate) paypal
Card brands (where appropriate) paypal
Debit card
Credit card
Bank account (check email)
Protection buyers in the paypal
Where user is purchasing from the seller payments, user must have paypal deviation acceptance refund under the protection of purchasers in the paypal.
Where appropriate, security programme in the user to reimburse paypal entitles buyers full price object simultaneously with the original purchase, insofar as it has suffered. mail costs
Company paypal at their own discretion to determine whether the claim shall be eligible for protection programme buyers in the paypal.
First decision company is considered to be the final, the user can paypal, however, lodge an appeal in the paypal if it has new or information that was not available in rozstrzygającymi starts first decision or takes the view that there was an error during the decision-making process.
Important: may be required to the seller or to another person, which return of an form in the settlement of claims. paypal will
Under the protection system user is not buyers paypal reimbursement of expenses incurred with reference, which may object to bear.
Protection programme in the buyers may apply in the case of the paypal specific problems with the transaction:
User did not receive from the seller (' claim for an object is not ") or object
User received subject, but not the one who ordered (' claim for significant non-compliance described ") object.
Where user takes the view that the transaction made through paypal was not authorised by him, account of such a claim is different from the claims under the protection buyers in the system and is described below in section paypal responsibility for unauthorised transactions and other errors.
Claims is not object
Claim for object does not qualify for refund is not under the protection buyers where: in the paypal
User took subject in person or on its own behalf, ordered his reception also, where the user triggered a system at the retail outlet, or paypal
Seller provided proof of delivery.
Where seller furnishes proof that provided stuff user, may consider a claim arising from the company paypal object in favour of the seller, even if is not user claims that it did not receive the goods.
Claim for significant non-compliance described object
Goods can be considered incompatible with where: significantly description
Subject differs significantly from the description as given by the seller.
You received an entirely different subject.
State subject was presented in accordance with the truth.
An object was described as the " new ', but were received subject used.
Subject is not the original, but he was described as an original (i.e.
Is forged).
The relevant part or functions, and information is missing in the description of at a time when those missing user. bought subject
User bought a number of objects, but did not receive all.
Subject was damaged during transport.
Subject is in a state incapable the use of it, of which have not been notified in the description.
Subject can not be considered incompatible with a description of where significantly
Wada subject was presented by the seller in the description of the subject. respectively
Subject is correctly described and the user resigned purchase already after receiving it. object
Subject is correctly described, but it is not in line with expectations of the user.
Subject is small, and was described as " used " zarysowania.
Objects and transactions do not qualify for the protection of the buyers in the paypal
Under protection buyers system shall not be eligible for the repayment of money paypal payments for:
Properties, including residential.
Financial products or investments of any kind.
Company (in case of sale or companies invest in them).
Vehicles, including
Motor vehicles, motorcycles, recreational vehicles, planes and boats, with the exception of a potential for transferability by human light vehicles used for recreational purposes, such as bicycles and vehicle ring. samopoziomujące
Objects significantly incompatible with if, in whole or in part description made them to order (unless the claim concerns them) or subjects received personally. when
Donations, including payments made to platforms and payments made such platforms. crowdfundingowych
Prohibited articles in the permissible use services paypal.
For claims is not for objects which user receives object or over on its own behalf has personally which, including bought at the retail outlet objects.
Industrial machinery used in the industrial processing.
Payments to operators managed by state institutions (with the exception of state-owned enterprises) or entrepreneurs by operators managed by the state.
Equivalents of cash, including prepaid cards like cards. upominkowe
Gambling games, or any other activity involving by the fee and rewards. wpisowej
Personal payment.
Payments using withdrawals from the account and bulk payments, or using niedokonanych paypal account paypal.
Purchases of goods and services through the system, payments via the site in the version Zong pro or terminal (if available) virtual these options
Payments for the purchase of gold (both in a physical form, as well as securities).
Items designed for resale, including in transactions for individual disciplines or in transactions involving many objects.
Company paypal may at their own discretion automatically close of the dispute or the claim made by the user, if it has reason to consider that the case does not concern the eligible for the purchase, as described above.
Transactions eligible for the protection of the buyers in the paypal
To qualify for the protection of the buyers in the paypal, the operator must meet all the following requirements:
Account paypal have able to reservations. no
Pay for eligible subject from his account paypal.
Attempt to contact with the seller in order to direct solution to the problem before raises through the centre resulting under the protection of the dispute settlement of a claim in the paypal buyers.
Answer request for presentation of documents and other information companies paypal in due time.
Reported dispute settlement within in the centre of 180 days of dispatch of payments, and then follow the procedure for the settlement of disputes online company paypal.
Not receive reimbursement measures nor agree to alternative settlement relating to the acquisition by another source.
The dispute settlement procedure online
Where user is not able to solve the problem involved in the transaction directly with the seller, should follow the dispute resolution procedure online by the centre in order to seek claims settlement under the protection of purchasers in the paypal.
The user may also submit a claim (step 2 below) calling for us and talking with representative.
Operations to be carried out, described below, in which case they fail to comply with, a claim may be user rejected:
Step 1: contact dispute within 180 days from the date of payment.
This would also enable users to take on the problem with the transaction direct talks with seller which may help to resolve the dispute.
Where user is not able to settle the dispute directly with the seller, should go to step 2.
Company paypal all measures related to the transaction on the block account pending the outcome of the dispute or the closure of paypal seller.
Step 2: transform the dispute in a claim for the money within 20 days from the date of opening of a dispute, where the user and the seller are unable to reach agreement; otherwise, the company paypal automatically closes the dispute.
User may convert dispute in a claim for the money through the centre for settlement.
At this stage of the dispute in a claim may also convert the seller or the company paypal.
Where user has no claims for object, the company may ask him when paypal to transformation of the dispute at least 7 days from the date of filing odczekał dispute.
Step 3.
Demands companies need to be answered concerning the presentation of documents or other information, paypal after the user, selling or company will dispute in a claim for repayment of money paypal.
Company paypal may require the user to make, third parties, police reports assessments paragonów or other designated by each other documents.
User needs to respond to these demands on the date indicated in addressed to him correspondence.
Step 4: where user shall claim for significant non-compliance with a description of, should apply subject to demands for dispatch provided in a timely manner by the company paypal.
Company paypal may require the user to at its own expense sent subject to the seller, company or to the entity designated by the company (external paypal paypal) and provided proof of the supply.
Step 5: the paypal (including automatic takes its final decision on the closure or claims) at their sole discretion of the dispute, having requirements on the scope and qualifications described above, any additional information submitted during a dispute settlement procedure online or any other information that the company considers relevant and appropriate data in paypal circumstances.
Paypal disputes with company or issuing cards
If the transaction through accounts used or credit and debit card paypal user is unhappy with such a transaction, it may have the right to question the transaction in card-issuing.
Adequate authority to load may be wider than those return cards that are available under the protection buyers in the paypal.
For example, where the user in may be disputes transaction card-issuing able to recover the amount paid for unsatisfactory objects, even if not qualify for protection in the programme on the basis of a claim for significant discrepancies paypal object described.
User has to decide whether to make in a dispute under the protection of purchasers, whether paypal in card-issuing.
The user can not select or seek solutions at the same time both double recovery.
Where user made some / in the dispute and the reported paypal claim dispute over the same transaction in card-issuing company, its claim in the dispute / paypal close paypal.
Nothing impact on the procedure of dispute settlement of issuing cards.
In addition, where user leads, can not dispute with issuing cards later reported / claims in the paypal dispute.
Where user decides to challenge in the transaction, and the paypal to its detriment, you will judge paypal declaration he try to report in dispute at a later date card-issuing.
If paypal company did not take the final decision on claims user to the date on which notification period ends in dispute and because of the late card-issuing user less than the full amount by which to regain recovery would have been entitled by the card-issuing company paypal returns (minus any user the remaining balance of the amounts recovered already by the user from the seller or the card-issuing).
Without talking of issuing cards or notification system user should contact paypal dispute with the seller, in order to try to solve the problem in accordance with the principles of recovery.
Receive payments
The general provisions concerning receive payments
Company paypal may authorise any person holding account or accounts (an) to paypal paypal the payment resulting issue or electronic money to the message of the user.
For (including through prior integrating integrating) with its solution online any function without sending payment on account to payer paypal paypal agrees to account user any additional conditions for use of this function, which the company makes available on either side of the paypal paypal user or (including on each side for braintree developers and the legal agreements), or a platform of online.
Such additional conditions include an agreement on alternative forms of payment in service paypal.
Over payments for user account is not synonymous with being settled measures.
Notification sending payment to the user is not synonymous with being electronic money in the bank. until the user will not accept the payment.
From time to time, the company may allow the user to accept payment in paypal any currency operated by our service.
Where user (and not the system offers at point of sale) paypal payer the conversion of currency via the paypal user kowty received of exchange rate and any fees shall inform the buyer applicable to the payment transaction.
Company paypal shall not be liable for any buyer, which has not yet informed about the exchange rate and user charges.
User acknowledges that, if no buyer of exchange rate and the charges, informs may thus commit a crime.
All payments sent to the user may be revoked, analysis payments, restriction, reserve or in accordance with the user. the blockade zniniejszą
Limits receive the payments
Company paypal may at their own discretion impose limits on the amount and the value of the payments received by the user, including on payments received for shopping.
To lift the limit should be carried out operations, to receive the payments which the company will be periodically inform notifications or paypal publications (they may appear on the summary).
New a transaction
New a transaction consists of: paypal
Specialised package transaction for online user functions solutions in order to allow the buyer account or accounts without sending payments for possessing user account; and
Tools supportive measures for protection against fraud.
In providing this new services company may offer a new solution to the user paypal transactions in whole or in part.
If user will benefit from a new solutions to the transaction, in addition to the offers of this agreement with the user also accepts the following additional conditions for the use of the following functions: an agreement on alternative forms of payment service paypal, if the user uses the alternative forms of payment under the new system functions to transaction; and an agreement on services online payment system, card if the user makes use of our: paypal advanced for credit card services and debit regarding a new package solutions to transaction; and our security programme against fraud a part of the new solutions to the implementation of the transaction.
Charges specified in the contract relating to the alternative forms of payment service paypal and agreement on services online payment card in the paypal when using new solutions do not apply to the implementation of the transactions.
Apply and special charges new solutions to the transaction.
Rules for the application of aid
Company paypal not encourages the use of subsidies, since it is commercial practice that can punish clients, create unnecessary confusion and problems and cause the abandonment of purchases during the implementation of the transaction.
User may use only payment for the use of services in accordance with applicable law and paypal this surcharge will not exceed surcharges imposed by the user for the use of other forms of payment.
If user payment from the purchaser, the responsibility of the user (will collect and not companies) is informed about the desired fee buyer paypal.
Company paypal shall not be liable for any buyer, which has failed to inform the user. subsidies
User acknowledges that may commit crimes, if you aid and not shall notify them of the buyer.
Presenting company paypal
User must take reasonable efforts to treat as a form of payment or at least brand paypal an equal footing with other forms of payment offered in his points of sale, in which they are integrated services, including marked brand paypal websites or mobile applications.
This includes at least the following activities:
The logo
Position of the point of sale,
Adequate treatment services or marks companies in relation to: the conduct of the payments, paypal conditions, provisions, restrictions, charges; and the importance of the customers, in each case in a sequence of presentation compared to other brands and forms of payment in points of sale of the user.
In presentations to clients or in public communications:
Describe inadequately should not be any service as a form of payment; and paypal
Make reasonable efforts to not have should be preference for forms of payment other than the service paypal.
Under all of outlets user must make reasonable efforts to:
Not discourage customers to nor prohibit them from using system and paypal
Not encourage customers to use an alternative forms of payment.
If user enables customers to make payments in the paypal, whenever or accepted form of payment (exposes presents at any point of sale or in marketing material, advertising and other form correspondence with customer), will endeavour to the reasonable payment services are at least as paypal visible and exposed in as good way as all other forms of payment.
Without reducing any other our rights company may withdraw discounts on charges (in paypal including where appropriate " rate for ") and made them full instead of traders rates if: standard
User fails to fully implement the absolute objectives set out in this point " company "; or providing paypal
User uses the payment for the use of any service paypal.
Taxes and the obligation to information
User bears responsibility for the determination of which taxes will have possibly apply in the case received or through payment by it.
User also has sole responsibility for assessment, taking, notification and provide relevant tax to appropriate the tax office.
Paypal company is not responsible for to determine whether the transaction falls any taxation, or for calculation, collection, reporting and any transfer of tax arising from any transactions.
No sales taxes do not apply to service companies, as a supplier of banking services, at paypal within the eu.
Policy returns and rules of confidentiality user
User must publish its rules and reimbursement rules of confidentiality.
Selling the e-commerce
If user is seller on the platform or using e-commerce, which are available in external application of payments, must comply with any rules which paypal shall apply to the protection of the purchasers of existing in the platform or in relation to the application of sales by the user.
Any such protection programme may require the user take specific action and affect the way the processing of claims.
Company paypal may allow the user to authorisation set out to make use of its account in trade platforms to collect from it amounts obligations towards commercial or buyer (depending on the platform situation) in connection with any claim made in accordance with applicable rules on the trade dispute settlement procedure (" claims for platform "). trade
After giving such authorisation by the user and subsequent to the disclosure of the claim by commercial companies paypal platform user company for processing payments authorised paypal all claims for platform trade with his account in relation to the platform, commercial or buyer paypal (depending on the situation) in accordance with instructions platform for commercial companies paypal.
Company paypal may accept the payment order any of the amounts on claims for platform for commercial, if they decide that a claim cancelled had already been decided in favour of the user, if it had been notified in the paypal.
The user can also cancel this calling the company paypal authorization.
Any claims brought directly in the platform trade shall be governed solely platform trade rules.
Conditions protection programme in the sellers in respect of claims paypal do not include the user submitted by its purchasers directly in platform trade.
Accept payment under the account
Paypal allows the user to acceptance of payments if the company under contract, performing companies requesting to account payments under the agreement paypal, user:
Company ensures that such amounts (including paypal also changes) are established and accepted by these amounts, from which accounts will be deducted, the payer and that the user before deduction of these amounts; and notify's
Agrees tell payer with at least of the amount to be charged, if advance czterotygodniowym will increase it up to the amount which the payer-given its models and circumstances-not existing expenditure payments would expect reasonably to pay.
Also user agrees that will be accountable to the company for any such repayments of payments under the paypal terms of this agreement with the operator.
Returns money and the withdrawal of payments
After receiving the payment may be repaid or withdrawn.
Company paypal may be authorised to send repayment of payments to the sender.
Company paypal may in certain circumstances make the withdrawal of payments.
More information can be found in the remainder of this point.
Returns money
Per user falls exclusive responsibility for:
Legal and contractual obligations with respect to the payer in respect of any amounts returned payer;
Any difference between the costs incurred by the payer in connection with making the payments and the amount paid the original (for example, as a result of fluctuations payer exchange rate), retail except where a refund is incorrect payment (see section dealing with the problems).
On the fees are detailed information on charges which user company paid as initial payment and which the consignee paypal paypal, if user is relying on a special functions stops money back in my bank account paypal (at company paypal may from time to time allowed), except where repayment is incorrect payment (see section dealing with the problems).
Withdrawal
If user receives for himself, will owe a payment full amount of the payment plus the amount of the loss paypal resulting from the processing of payments.
This may include firm commitment (including all fees, charges paypal and penalties) in external actors (including the payer and its suppliers sources of funding).
Withdrawal takes place in cases where a company paypal benefits from exercising its right of to be taken in order to compensation amounts mentioned above, pursuant to the provisions contained in the section of a user account reimbursement of costs arising from the undertakings user of this agreement with the operator.
If appropriations for balance accounts in a given currency are insufficient to paypal user cover the amount of duty to companies in that currency paypal may make the currency conversion of any company paypal account balances in another currency in order to cover the user paypal missing amount and user fee will be charged for the currency conversion.
For example, this means that the amount of payments selling on account may be taken from it received after delivery by the user sold goods or services.
For withdrawal of payments may occur when:
Company paypal returns costs for which the payer for protection buyers in the it claim paypal.
Company paypal shall reimburse or suppliers of its sources of financing (payments payer or both) in respect of the claim made by the payer or supplier its sources of funding on the amount of payments under the payment to be used by the supplier of the procedures for the withdrawal.
For example:
If payer to finance the payment cards has benefited from may occur in card-issuing of " load feedback. "
Issuer cards (and not company) whether payer is entitled to load paypal feedback.
For more information on charges can be found in our guide to feedback check, accessible on the security centre loads, in the section " safe. " selling paypal
Security centre paypal is available on paypal.
Company paypal for receipt of the claim for burden return. pobieraopłatę
If payer has benefited from a bank account to finance the payment, or his bank may request cancellation of the payer such a transaction.
Amount claims may be higher than the original amount received by the user, due to the currency exchange rates fluctuation in the period from payment for the notification of the claim.
Company paypal have to pay costs as a result of the notification by his problem payer with the payment (including nieautoryzowanej or payments or an irregular payment account contract)-see section dealing with the problems.
Company paypal may repay for any other reason under this agreement with the user, including the provisions of... action, which the company may take in case of release of the paypal user activities prohibited.
Impact protection system for selling paypal buyers
User should be familiar with the protection of purchasers, if the goods and services accounts with the buyer sells in countries other than his paypal country of residence.
Also user should refer to the protection programmes provided by company in each of these countries, the buyer paypal because arising therefrom law may affect its activity as buyers of the seller.
Information on the rules for the protection of purchasers in the system can be found at the legal paypal by choosing the location of the buyer at the top of the page and consult the applicable rules on buyers in the mentioned on this page or in a paypal agreement with the operator.
Where claim the user under the protection system will be rejected in any buyers paypal country:
· user is the full purchase price object simultaneously with the original cost of the consignment.
In some cases, the user may not receive object back.
· user does not receive the refund of fees in the paypal, which in relation to sales has paid.
· for claims for significant non-compliance described, the user may not be the object of the object back or may be required to adopt object back and bear the cost of redispatched.
· for claims for significant non-compliance as described which relates to the subject matter of the sold by the user, the operator must fake object made to refund in full to the buyer and may not receive object back.
Where user has adopted from buyers payment for goods or services, which sells paypal via the service, he must refer to the programme ebay guarantee of return money on ebay.
Unless user not to resign from participation in the programme, by contacting a ebay, company decisions taken by paypal treats a service under this programme for the benefit of ebay buyers as a basis for the withdrawal of payments made to the user. paypal
In case of insufficient balances on the cash account or company, the company may account paypal user paypal:
· block account until they are at the paypal user sufficient funds to cover the amount of him; or
Create balance duties on account user paypal.
Protection selling in the paypal
What qualifies
Where user sells to the buyer, and then the transaction is called into question or withdrawn in accordance with the rules on undo, claims or check, user can enjoy the repayment of money burden under the protection of selling in the paypal.
Where appropriate, security programme in the selling paypal to retain full of the purchase price. entitles the user
Is unlimited number of payments in respect of which can be obtained reimbursement.
At login page on the details of transactions on his record the user can determine whether a transaction paypal qualifies for protection under the programme.
Protection selling in the programme may apply in cases where the paypal buyer says:
Not autoryzował nor did not benefit from measures shipped from his account paypal () and transactions for nieautoryzowanej claim in the transaction took place to nieautoryzowanej by the firm paypal; or nieobsługiwanym
Has not been received (' claim in respect of the assets from the seller is not object ").
Protection sellers in the paypal can also be applied in cases where the transaction has been withdrawn because of a burden return by the purchaser or when payments financed by the bank account has been withdrawn by the bank of the buyer.
Including section describes protection rules in the system applicable to sellers paypal, but it should user also refer to the influence of various processes in the system for selling paypal protection buyers.
Basic requirements
To user qualify for protection programme in the sellers must meet all of the following paypal basic requirements, as well as any appropriate additional requirements:
Address core accounts must be registered in poland. paypal user
Subject must be substantive, commodity, which can be sent physical except for items subject to additional requirements concerning articles intangible.
User must send a subject in shipping address indicated on the details of the account for the transaction. paypal user
Where subject was sent on shipping address indicated on the details of the consignee, but later was redirected to another address, user does not qualify for the protection of the sellers in the paypal.
Therefore company paypal is not recommended using the service by the buyer to user can order zamówionej present a valid proof of dispatch and delivery.
User needs to respond to demands concerning the presentation of documents and other information paypal companies in a timely manner, as set out in correspondence with the user or e-mail correspondence through the centre settlement.
If user has not responded to the request of the company to produce documents and other information paypal within the required time, can not be eligible for the protection of the sellers in the paypal.
If sales relates to goods ordered sooner or custom-made, the operator must send them on the date specified by him in the description.
Otherwise recommends that user sent within 7 days from the date of all subjects receiving the payment.
User must provide proof of dispatch.
Payments needs to be indicated on the details of the as " eligible ' or " eligible ' to protect sellers in the partly for claims for nieautoryzowanej paypal or as " eligible ' transactions in the case of claims is not object.
User must accept for the purchase of only one payments from one account (stage payments or partial payments paypal are not covered by the scheme).
Company paypal at their own discretion to determine whether the claim shall be eligible for the protection of the sellers in the paypal.
Company paypal will take discretion, having regard to the requirements for the scope of the decyzjęwedług and qualifications, any information or documents provided during the settlement.
Additional requirements for claims for is not object
To qualify for protection in the selling in connection with the claim in respect of the buyer paypal, the operator must comply with both requirements is not an object, both basic and an additional requirement as follows:
Where buyers asks the request burden in conjunction feedback exhibitors from funded by the card payments must be transaction marked on the details of the as " eligible ' to security programme in the selling paypal.
Articles intangible-additional requirements
Sales articles to qualify to be protected and intangible services sellers in the system, it must comply with the essential requirements and paypal, the following additional requirements:
Requirements for integration
Where zintegrował user, needs to use the product paypal checkout up-to-date version of the product, if directly through the website or website accepts the payments at an angle of mobile devices; or optimised
Where user is integrated in the paypal through a third party or when used with an integrated application, the user should make sure that the native during the transaction information session are transmitted to the system of paypal.
Depending on the business model of the user may apply other requirements for integration.
If necessary, the company informs about such requirements in advance paypal user.
If transaction is a payment for goods or digital licences for digital content, should be payable standard fees from sales (not applicable to this transaction payment for other articles intangible).
Provide object and the presentation of the proof of delivery articles intangible.
Ensuring delivery or proof of dispatch
Good physical
Are required:
Proof of dispatch
Proof of delivery
Documentation online or physical by courier service comprising:
The date of dispatch
Address of the recipient, which is responsible for the details of the transaction, or adresowi wysyłkowemu
Address of the consignee, indicating at least towns /, towns / country or zip code województwa (or international counterpart).
Documentation online or physical by courier service comprising:
The date of delivery and the status of " was "
Address of the recipient, which is responsible for the details of the transactions adresowi wysyłkowemu
Address of the consignee, indicating at least towns /, towns / country or zip code województwa (or international counterpart).
Acknowledgement cod, when the full amount of payments (including the forwarding costs and taxes) exceeds the amount (expressed in the currency of the payment) given in table thresholds for acknowledgement of receipt.
Acknowledgement cod that documentation that may be displayed on online by courier service,, attesting that receiving the item. pokwitowano
Important: the choice of the operator and options in such operator may have a very big dispatch influence on the ability to meet the user requirements of the delivery.
Ensure, in particular in connection with the dispatch of products abroad, that the operator can provide the status of " provided ", otherwise the right at user request for protection sellers may be rejected.
Articles intangible
As proof of delivery articles are required intangible:
In case of digital clear evidence to provide proof of delivery means an object or the implementation of the contract.
Clear evidence may include registration system containing the date of dispatch and an indication of whether it was: object
Where appropriate, sent by electronic means to address of the consignee (e-mail, etc.); ip
Or
Received by the recipient or the recipient received an access
Objects and transactions that do not qualify
Sales user not eligible for the protection in the system, when selling paypal:
Buyers raises (to the company or card-issuing), according to the claim paypal which sent by user subject is not for appreciable non-compliance (subject to a claim zamówionym object described).
Focuses on a subject which, as the company established at their sole discretion, paypal is subject to fake.
Concerns object delivered by personally, at this user in connection with the payment in physical shop user.
Includes sales, which is not treated or via the accounts, or by transaction paypal buyer in the welcoming paypal.
For example, if the payment was viewed as a direct payment card, including through the Zong (if available) or vt spec, the transaction is not eligible for covered by the programme.
Concerns objects of cash, including cards upominkowych ekwiwalentami.
Binds darowizną.
Binds purchases of financial or investment of any kind.
Is associated with a payment in private.
Involves payment carried out using the bulk payments, in the paypal.
Subject it vehicle, including
A motor vehicle, the vehicle, aircraft or leisure motorcycle, a boat.
Payments made for the purchase of gold (both in a physical form, as well as securities).
Rate for traders
Grant rates for traders requires compliance with the conditions of application and approval by the interviews paypal.
Company paypal may assess, inter alia, on the basis of notification individually the following criteria: monthly sales volumes to submit an application, the size of the average mix qualifying and able to account reservations. no
In order to be eligible for (and preserve) status rate for based on sales volumes, traders user account must:
Be able to no reservations and not be subject to the investigation; and
Have story transactions with a total amount of more than 1 level (in the original currency ceiling) within the framework of the open an account payment of commercial transactions, in the previous calendar month.
Company paypal may at any time withdraw user account to a standard rate, if:
These conditions are not met;
Load feedback on account; there are outstanding paypal or
User violated any of the rules on the application of subsidies company. paypal
Paypal if the company will need to be a user accounts will reduce the status of the submission of applications for rates for traders.
User may submit an application for rate for traders using a special form online to their accounts at login.
If proposal is rejected, a subsequent application may be sent only after 30 days.
Rates for traders do not apply to payments in commercial transactions received through functions in accordance with the terms of the contract on services made available online payment card in the paypal.
Prohibited activities and locking
Prohibited activities
In connection with the use of website, their accounts and / or services company paypal paypal as part of its communication with the company and paypal paypal, customers firms or external actors will not: paypal user
Affect provisions of this agreement with the wearer, acceptable rules, contract with the commercial use of services paypal (if applicable) or any other agreements concluded between the company paypal and a user;
Prejudice any laws, decrees or regulations set (e.g.
For financial services, consumer protection, unfair competition, the prohibition of discrimination and unfair advertising);
Affect copyright, patent rights, to trade marks, business secrets or other intellectual property rights or rights to advertise or privacy belonging to the company or the external paypal;
Selling counterfeit goods;
Commit, defamation competition, threatening or harassment of the defamation;
Provide fraudulent, inaccurate or misleading information;
Send or receive measures that could reasonably be considered to be potentially false or unauthorised;
Refuse participation in the current investigation, or to confirm its identity, or any information provided to paypal by the user;
Illegal trying to profit from two sources during the dispute by withdrawal or attempt to resources from both from the company, as well as the seller, or the bank paypal card-issuing for the same transaction;
Exercise control over the account, which is linked to another account used for any of the prohibited activities;
Operate or use of services in a manner which may result in: paypal
Complaints;
Request cancellation of payments made by the user (by purchasers sent to companies or cards); paypal)
Charges penalties and other measures for the paypal other customers paypal external actors or user companies;
Use accounts or services in a manner which paypal paypal may be reasonably considered by companies paypal visa, mastercard, american express, discover or any other network dedicated to the electronic transmission of the system of cards or the rules of association for infringing exhibitors cards or payment card networks;
Allow to his account was the amount due to paypal; paypal reported
Take cash from his credit card (or to help others in this action);
Obtain access to the services of the country, which was not included paypal on the list of authorised countries;
Act causing unjustified or a disproportionate burden websites, software systems companies (including any network and paypal servers be used for services paypal) operated by or on behalf of or services company paypal paypal;
Disseminate viruses, horses, malicious software or any other mechanisms of the trojan, which may damage or development frameworks are trying to interfere with, distort,, by stealth, any systems fałszować of capturing, data or information przywłaszczać services or to obtain them unauthorised access; paypal
Use proxy for anonymous access; use robots spiders, other mechanisms or processes for monitoring or copying automatic manual content site written consent; without receiving paypal use any equipment, programmes or procedures to circumvent for exclusion of robots; headers
Obstruct or try to websites software or systems firm action distortion (including any network and paypal servers be used for services paypal) operated by company or on its behalf, any services paypal paypal nor the use of services by paypal other users;
To take any action which could result in fate by the company access to services of its internet providers, paypal systems of payment or other suppliers or service providers;
Services paypal used to check the action of credit cards;
Celebrate any rules or arrangements company on account, such as the user paypal paypal temporary or unspecified suspension and other restrictions, including blockades or account, inter alia, will not take the following actions: attempt to found a new or additional accounts where the account is paypal amount due to the paypal, has been suspended or in any way limited; set up new or additional accounts using data belonging to another person paypal (e.g.
Name, address, e-mail address, etc.)
Account paypal or use another user; or
Plague staff and representatives of the company or other users nor their intimidate; paypal
Abused (either as buyers, or as the seller) dispute settlement procedure online or protection in the buyers paypal;
Contribute to receive by the company more restricted in favour of claims paypal significantly persons at with the claim and concerning an account or companies of the user;
Show creditworthiness derived from the agency reports on which indicates the credit draws up a high level of risk associated with the use of services by the user;
Use credit card in combination with his account, in order to take cash (or paypal help others in this action);
Another disclose information system user external actors or distribute them for paypal marketing without receiving his explicit consent;
Send unwanted messages to other users or use of services in order to receive payment for the transmission or paypal aid in transmitting unwanted e-mail outsourced;
Copy, or to external bodies change, adjusted to create work derivatives, presented publicly or buy any content available on websites) (without the prior written consent obtained from companies paypal paypal or appropriate entity external;
Disclose password () to another person and use account passwords password of other users.
Company paypal shall not be liable for the losses incurred by the user as a result of misuse passwords, including, inter alia, relating to use of accounts by any other person outside the user;
Commit attempt, or abstain from taking other measures or operations, if these might interfere with the smooth operation of services or activities undertaken in the framework of services paypal paypal or it is inconsistent with this agreement;
Request or send payments in the transaction private where payments concerns commercial transaction;
Allow to benefit from the services made it difficult for companies the default risk paypal paypal in terms of anti-money laundering and prevent terrorist financing and compliance with legal rules concerning a similar regime (including, inter alia, in a situation in which the company can not verify the identity of the user or user paypal fail to comply with the necessary measures to remove sending, receiving or payment, or limit, when the user company at risk imposed on it exposes paypal any administrative penalties for transaction processing user by the authorities in the countries of europe and the united states or other public authorities);
Integrate or use of services in a manner inconsistent with the mandatory requirements provided paypal user through textbooks programming and integration or other documents published by the company paypal;
Advertise promoted present or describe their customers, or any of the credit payment service paypal credit by the company, without: paypal współfirmowanego (1) prior authorisation; and (2) the regulatory prior written consent of the company and the granting credit (if not paypal paypal); that is,
Affect (or to take action, so that the company considers that there is a reasonable likelihood of infringement paypal) security systems, which may lead to the site or user unauthorised disclosure of information customers.
User acknowledges that engage in these activities is prohibited safe access and other user companies to account and paypal customers can benefit from them and paypal services.
Activities that the company may take in case of release by paypal user activities prohibited
Paypal considers that the user if a company engaged in any of these actions, may at any time and at their own discretion to take a series of measures to protect the company, its customers and other actors in paypal any time.
Company paypal may, inter alia: terminate this agreement with the wearer, impose restrictions on user account or close or suspend them immediately and without penalty; refuse service to the user in the future; paypal at any time and without incurring liability suspend, limit or terminate the user access to websites, software systems companies (including any network and paypal servers be used for services paypal) operated by company or on its behalf, paypal account user or any services paypal paypal,
By limiting the possibility of paying or sending money through to financing payments related to the account of the user and limiting the possibility of sending money and paypal drawdown; measures to balance of users to block and for a period resulting from justified need protection against the risks arising from responsibility.
User acknowledges that in selected all possible situations: non-exhaustive circumstances
Risk for liability for companies in relation to charging financed by paypal credit card or may take until debit risk of burden return for the benefit of the payer minięcia / buyer (according to the rules on bank cards).
It depends on the specific factors, including:
Type purchased articles or services for which you received payments; or
Delivery period articles or services for which you received the implementation of the payments (e.g.
Sales tickets for events, kilkumiesięcznym could result in higher and more lasting risk the advance return than most other articles or sales services).
Risk liability for the company, in connection with the claim or dispute paypal arising from the payments received by the user may continue for the time needed to to close claims or dispute and resolve any appeal in accordance with rules protection system paypal buyers;
Risk for liability for companies in connection with any form of insolvency of the user paypal may continue until insolvency on user prevent action against user; and a paypal
If allows, to his account user was the amount owed to paypal paypal reported the risk on the responsibility for the company may continue until the paypal will not be an asset regulated.
Block user account or impose on the funds in the reserve account blockade (including, inter alia, for a period of more than 180 days, if a company deems it necessary, and its paypal rights are based on participation in activities); user prohibited
Refuse implementing any payment transactions, at any time and for any reason, while the company will be obliged to provide information about only paypal refusal, the reasons for it and, if possible, to address the problem of customer, unless this is prohibited by law;
Back payments (including, if necessary, the source of funding payments); service
Take legal action against the user.
Suspend power user to benefit from the protection buyers or selling (also back);
Contact external actors and divulge them details of the action as a prohibited set out in our information concerning the data protection rules;
Request provide information or inaccurate information sent by the user; update
Require user information or documents in order to verify the identity or in respect of goods or services provided by the user in connection with the transaction;
For infringement by user use user bears responsibility for the principles of acceptable damage sustained by the company on grounds of infringement of these rules by him paypal.
If user makes use of its account primarily for commercial purposes, paypal business, craft or professional and infringes on the principles, the acceptable use:
Except that the user is subject to this basis, is liable to company for user amount of damage suffered by a company paypal caused by the rules allowed use paypal breach;
User acknowledges and agrees that amount 2500,00 (or the equivalent in usd currency of the country in which he lives) for each infringement of the principles acceptable use is:
Legitimate minimum actual damage suffered by company has given all the current circumstances, paypal, including sums to the scope of the injury suffered by the ratio that can be reasonably foreseen paypal company;
Justified and proportionate in relation to the services provided; and
Necessary but at most sufficient to protect legitimate interest in the company by the user compliance with the rules of the acceptable behaviour paypal use; and
Paypal may charge the amount for such damage balance any held by the user account paypal.
Refer to the point of the responsibility of the user.
Paypal he other recommendations, if they can not benefit or try to benefit from the user accounts at a time when it is blocked or closed down.
User must make sure that all contracts with buyers or other external actors, which take into account payments initiated by external actors (including the settlement) user account is to be cancelled, configured immediately after termination of the contract or suspension or closure of the accounts.
Anytime user is liable under this agreement with the user for all fees and other expenses incurred through or in connection with the use of accounts paypal, regardless of the termination of the contract, suspension or closure of the accounts.
Locking limits and reserve
What blockade, restrictions and reserves are?
In certain circumstances, in order to ensure protection system and paypal network security and integrity of buyers and sellers who benefit from the services paypal, the company can take action at the level of accounts or paypal transactions.
Company paypal usually take one of these here user to notify measures.
In justified cases (for example, if the user breached provisions of that agreement with the user or where this is indicated for safety reasons), the company paypal may, however, take action without prior notice.
To refer to the information on any limitations, and reserves in the account, go reservations to the settlement or follow the instructions contained in the e-mail of the notice of limitation, the boom or reserve.
User acknowledges and agrees that all measures collected in accordance with this agreement to a user may be placed on account of reserves.
User agrees also transfer to any information which it may with paypal justified reasons in order to determine whether the risks require has ceased to exist.
Locking
Blocking an effort that the company may take under certain circumstances at paypal transactions or bank account.
Company paypal blocks the amount of payments when the money is not available or to the consignor, or for the recipient.
Payments before the company is reviewing a number of factors, including paypal: balance, activities related to transactions activity earlier disputes with customers and general customer satisfaction.
To some of the typical situations in which the company will block payments, are those paypal giving grounds to believe that:
Transactions present a higher risk (for example, in the case where the transaction involves the sale of goods or services of the categories of risk capital); there are other known circumstances that normally lead to an increased number of burden check, other claims or dispute; or transactions are often associated with fraud illegal activity;
There has been a sudden change in activities and unusual, including account holder sprzedażowej paypal increasing the number of burden check, or complaints received in connection with the undo buyers such account paypal;
Account paypal is used in connection with the prohibited activities;
Security accounts involved in the transaction could have been infringed; paypal for payment was used financial information (for a bank account or stolen credit card); and / or transaction was not properly authorised;
User tries to send or withdraw funds received unfair advantage;
User company did not provide sufficient information needed to verify the identity of the paypal or the identity of the company or the user is limited sales in the paypal history;
Payments sent to the user as seller as that should be cancelled payments has been challenged or revoked;
Buyer requests that the burden, withdrawal or claim for protection of feedback system in connection with the buyers paypal payment received by the user.
Buyer declares claim as part of the settlement of disputes in the platform trade.
There is a risk of user account on its withdrawal of source of financing for payments.
Risk responsibility (a non-exhaustive list of examples of such risk is situated at the point of activities that the company may take in case of release of the paypal user action above) prohibited.
Analysis of payments
If transactions potentially high risk, it examines carefully obarczonej paypal, before allowing its processing.
This can either be reasonable suspicion that the payer is used in connection with the prohibited paypal activities or for other reasons as defined by the company paypal discretion.
Can cover situations where there is a risk of responsibility (a non-exhaustive list of examples of such risk is situated at the point of activities that the company may take in case of release of the paypal user action above) prohibited.
For to payments analysis, may: company paypal
Perform payment order initiated by the buyer;
Discretion immediately after the execution of such a payment order impose a limit on the payer's account;
Block payments []; and / or on account of the payer
Tell customer payments in order to delay delivery of paid-up purchase.
May delay it receipt of purchase by the purchaser.
If the transaction, the seller and ask him for sending paypal notifies the object.
Otherwise company may cancel the transaction and to draw measures at paypal user account, as far as legislation does not require other action.
Any payment, which successfully passed process payments, may be withdrawn in accordance with the test conditions of this agreement with the wearer, is eligible and to be protected sellers, as far as complies with the requirements specified in the rules for the protection of sellers.
Company paypal will notify the user using messages or through action on his account e-email bookmark paypal.
Payments analysis shall be exclusively in the screening process, and the process is determined payments in order to reduce the risks associated with obtaining by users of the system transaction venture. paypal
Subjecting payments analysis does not mean review and evaluation by the commercial activities, or the reputation of any nature of the paypal party payment transactions and should not be understood as affecting czyjekolwiek reputation.
Locking commissioned by user
Some paypal functions of the system may allow both directly and user (through a authorised by the user, such as platform on which the user contains transactions as e-commerce salesman) order company (including those originating in block funding paypal payments received through the system) posted to the reserves of the user. paypal
Status availability of these measures would be in such a case visible on balance user accounts.
Descriptions status may vary depending on the function used for orders to paypal block funding.
Company paypal relieves measures in accordance with command received from the user blockade (or entity authorised to act on behalf of the user) subject to the provisions of this agreement with the operator.
Restrictions accounts
Company paypal imposes restrictions to protect himself and buyers and sellers in the case of prohibited activities increased financial risk or actions that appear unusual or suspicious.
Restrictions help also to collect the information necessary for maintaining the accounts paypal paypal user.
Restrictions may be imposed on the paypal for various reasons, including the user, where there is legal, to believe that: someone can benefit from accounts paypal without his knowledge; the company will reduce the paypal user to its security and then user account will examine malpractice.
Somebody used card or bank account user without his permission, for example, when will tell us about this issuer debit card or bank credit or user.
User breached provisions of this agreement, the operator or the rules acceptable use.
Results sales user indicates that his account is beset with increased risk. paypal
, For example, sales of owing to unexpectedly weak signs of a large number of claims received and burdens feedback; the new product types or sales of products which are linked to the high costs; or a rapid increase in typical sales.
Risk responsibility (a non-exhaustive list of examples of such risk is situated at the point of activities that the company may take in case of release of the paypal user action above) prohibited.
Company paypal may also restrict account user, in order to comply with paypal applicable law.
Before can be abolishing the restriction, the operator must solve any problems with the record.
This might be after the transfer to the requested information. paypal
But if following that communication to paypal there is justified concern of further risk may take steps to protect the company paypal system and its users, external actors or paypal user from the effects of charges, fines, penalties, undo risk legal and regulatory and all other obligations.
Reserve
Company paypal may at any time make provision for account user, if it considers that paypal risks associated with the wearer, his account paypal business model or transactions can be high.
Paypal lays down a provision for the account when the company user, this means that the paypal all or part of the funds for its account is blocked and could not be paypal pay.
Reserve shall be established in order to protect against the risk of withdrawal or cancellation account, or any other transactions carried out before the risks related to the operator or his use of services account paypal paypal.
Company paypal decides to reserve on account of a number of factors on the basis of the establishment, including information from sources from internal and external actors.
Company paypal takes into account a list and whether and how niewyłącznych factors of these factors have changed over time, including:
The duration of the activities.
Likely in the sector concerned burden feedback.
History processing of payments in system and in other service providers. paypal
Story credit companies and user.
Timing of supply.
Likely higher number of phrases burden check, claims or disputes.
There are two types of reserves, which the company may establish a user account. paypal
At the same time remaining in the allocation may be set up one or two reserves:
" Reserve " is reserve where renewable percent of the value of each transaction is blocked, and then released concluded in accordance with the existing timetable.
Reserve renewable, for example, may be fixed at the level of 10 % and blocked by a 90-day period of renewal.
This means that 10 % of the money received from sales in 1.
Day is blocked, and then in 91.
On unlocking; 10 % of the money received from the sale of the 2.
Day is blocked, followed by 92.
On unlocking, etc.
Reserve renewable is the most common type of reserves.
" Minimum reserve " is defined minimum amount to must be all the time available on balance user accounts.
Reserve minimum may be taken in advance under the single payment or on a continuous basis on the basis of percentages of sales until the amount of the minimum, as in the case of renewable reserves.
Paypal lays down, blocking the measures if the company reserve account paypal, money will be moved to the user reserves and marked " pending " and the company informs the user of this fact paypal.
If amount of the provision is changed due to a change of the risk assessment, a user of this fact. paypal notifies
User will be taken at their own expense any further action required to set up or other form of security in the manner specified reserve by the firm paypal.
This may be associated with the need to obtain all the necessary documents and the registration of any document required by the paypal in order to strengthen. any security
Troubleshooting
Company paypal recommends user regular monitoring of accounts.
Where there is a problem...
If suspicion of problem with account or service, the user should perform the following steps:
Step 1: identify the problem:
Unexpected payments under the account
User contracted clearing and payment under this agreement was sent from his account, where:
User not previously agreed with recipient payments; and the exact amount
The amount of payments was higher than expected based on previous fees and user can taking into account other circumstances.
Irregular payments
Payments sent from a user account was not sent as directed by the granted by the user (e.g. to paypal
Abnormal amount was sent amounts to late or to the improper customers) or you received such a payment.
A security problem / fraud
Nieautoryzowana payments
Payments sent from a user account has not been authorised by the user (or by a person authorised to make payments on its behalf).
Other a security problem / fraud
Had another problem related to the safety or fraud, for example:
Have another unauthorised access to user accounts;
Arose password or code pin the user;
Device in which the gains access to services has been lost, stolen or zdezaktywowane paypal.
Without talking of company paypal perform the user should as soon as possible point procedure in case of a breach of security in the document entitled key information on payments and services.
Another problem
User found another problem related to the account or service, which was not mentioned above.
, For example, while adding or the distribution system led to an actual, calculation or mathematical paypal error associated with account paypal user.
Where purchase, for which the user in the system is not consistent paypal paid or has not been provided with a description of may continue protection rules in the paypal buyers.
In this case, do not apply the provisions in this section.
To find out what to do in the event of such problems, read the protection of purchasers in the paypal.
Step 2: transmission of information about the problem to paypal
User should as soon as possible contact paypal to inform restored problem (including about the type of problem on which user in contact with the company, to help in paypal as soon as possible.
User must provide all the required information on the circumstances of the company paypal problem and take all reasonable steps to help a paypal in problem. examination
If user signify their orally, the problem may be required to provide written notification in the company paypal within 10 working days of the receipt of an oral declaration.
Company paypal may provide information, which it considers relevant external actors in such circumstances, in accordance with the rules of confidentiality (occurring also under the name of information on the rules of data protection).
How firm paypal might help.
In accordance with the provisions of this agreement with the user company seeks to examine the problem and to cooperate paypal with the user to solve, within 60 days.
In addition, if the problem is:
An payments under the contract, within 10 working days of account after notification, the company paypal,
User will amount of the payment; or
Explain why it can not make such a return.
Incorrect payments sent to another account paypal company paypal,
Will make every effort to locate payments and inform the user of its findings without charging him charges;
User measures will as soon as possible and in any case (no later than the end of the working day following receipt of a notification about the problem), restoring the condition in which account for it would be if incorrect payments was sent as directed by the sender.
This means that:
If due to a wrong payments is less money than if the user the payment was made in properly, the company considers user account on the amount of the resulting difference paypal.
If due to a wrong payments more money than if the user is the payment was made in properly, the company may take samples of the excess amount of user accounts paypal.
Will user account on direct and the amount of the loss or damage as a result of a wrong foreseeable payments.
Nieautoryzowanej payments sent to another account paypal company as soon as possible and in any case paypal (no later than the end of working day after receipt of a notification about the problem) balance to the state before will restore the payment.
This may include the repayment of payments made by the user.
Where paypal company may not grant user compensation.
As mentioned above, the user to do not enjoy any financial compensation from the company paypal.
In addition, any compensation previously granted to the operator will provide the amount due to the company (which may be withdrawn from the account paypal user) if:
User does not make to all the required information on the circumstances of problem paypal (including, if you will a problem orally, but does not provide written notification within 10 working days, as required by the company paypal);
User does not take all reasonable steps required by the company in order to help in the examination of the problem; paypal
Company paypal can demonstrate that the user operating in a dishonest;
Company paypal can demonstrate that the problem has been caused by circumstances from her independent (e.g.
Fire flood or loss of internet connection is), despite taking all reasonable precautions;
There are grounds to believe that there is no problem giving entitlement to compensation; or
As regards the following specific issues:
Unexpected payments under the account
Irregular payments
Nieautoryzowana payments
User informs company of problem exceeding a period of 8 paypal restored weeks from the date of payment; or
User allowed company to carry out the payments, and of its paypal details has been informed by the company or trader with at least 4-tygodniowym paypal in advance.
User informs company of problem exceeding a period of 13 paypal restored months from the date of payment; or
Company paypal can demonstrate that the user gave details; or incorrect payments
Company paypal can demonstrate that the payment was sent in accordance with guidelines provided by the payer at the time of the payment order to paypal; or
User did not have sufficient funds to balance accounts for reasons not to carry out the transaction paypal consequence of system error paypal;
Company paypal can demonstrate that the system was not correctly, and let the user know paypal crash before the start of the transaction; or
User claimed that the irregular payment occurred in effect, which in fact was the result of delay imposed on user account blockade, restrictions or reserve under this agreement with the operator.
User informs company of problem exceeding a period of 13 paypal restored months from the date of payment; or
Company paypal can demonstrate that the payment was made because the user was not safety, deliberately or by serious negligence account (for example, it has made available his username or password / pin code to another person); or
Occurred other a security problem or fraud, and you do not informed company paypal.
Company paypal does not pay the user to compensation for any unauthorised payments made from his account, until the user companies about the problem. tell paypal
Sometimes paypal can see problem, as the first company.
Company paypal, if necessary, the problem, usually via notifies the user centre safe communication to which it can be accessed at login to account.
If is required to take immediate action, the company may request that the user in another paypal way, for example by e-mail.
If paypal from company made payments to source of financing for the user may to erase that mistake with or recognising (depending on the situation) appropriate source (or source) financing payments by relevant user.
Complaints
Reporting disputes between the operator and the company on services paypal paypal
In order to declare the dispute between user and company for services, please contact paypal paypal with a paypal.
In case of a dispute between the user and the company to company paypal is understanding problems paypal user and deal with them, and if it is not possible to solve them in a user satisfaction, a neutral and efficient way to settle the dispute in the short term.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome deal with the complaint.
If the complaint concerning our services after completion of the escalation of is still not satisfactory, the user can request assistance to the following:
European consumer centres network (ecc-net).
More information about the ecc-net (including contact information) can be found at (https: / / ec.europa.eu / info / live-work-travel-eu / consumers / resolve-your-consumer-complaint _ en). / european-consumer-centres-network
Commission financial sector supervision (CSSF).
CSSF this committee responsible for the supervision of the companies active in the financial sector in luxembourg, such as paypal.
With CSSF may be contacted at 283, route d ' arlon L-1150 luxembourg.
KNSF more information about (including contact information) can be obtained at http: / / www.cssf.lu or the union system for settling disputes at https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
Other legal provisions
Communication between the operator and the company paypal
Contact with us
You can contact paypal,
Write to us by our office: paypal (europe).
À r.l.
And you, p.
C.
A.
Note: the legal department, 22-24 boulevard royal,, luxembourg; or L-2449
Clicking link in contact us on the help center, where the user can:
Contact paypal online by clicking link write to us; or
Call paypal by link " call company we " to display contact number.
Any information framework of this agreement with user must be sent by post.
Notifications sent to the user
User agrees to transfer him notifications or other information by the paypal by displaying them at website (websites) (this also applies to information available only paypal for the user to his account), transmission logującego their e-mail, to the e-mail address given in his account user data transmission them to address the user specified in data his account during telephone or transmission of their sending them in the form of body text sms.
In order to receive notifications and information relating to the services, the operator must have access to the internet paypal and e-mail account.
Except amendments to this agreement with the wearer, notification is deemed to be taken back by the user at 24 hours from the time of his for on (websites) or by electronic mail. paypal sent
If notification is sent by post, is considered to be withdrawn after the expiry of three working days of its dispatch.
Company paypal reserves the right to the closure of the accounts, if he withdraws its paypal user consent for receiving notifications electronically.
Disclosure causes of actions undertaken by the company paypal
Decisions taken by the company for interlocks, restrictions and reserves and paypal any other activities in accordance with this agreement to a user, irrespective of whether limit or extend the user access to services, infrastructure, websites, software or companies (including networks and systems paypal servers used for the provision of any services) operated by the paypal or on its behalf (including blockade, restriction, suspension, closure interruption and may be based on criteria of confidential reserves) which form the basis of risk management mechanism and protection of the payment system, customers company and its service providers paypal.
For risk assessment with a user company can benefit from their own paypal paypal system modelling fraud and risk.
Refusal of such information may result from also legal restrictions and regulations issued by the authorities of the state.
Company paypal is not required to disclose to the user details of the procedures or risk management procedures, of the underlying.
Our rights
, The security sought
In order to ensure fulfilment of this agreement with the wearer, user granted the right to measures on his record company paypal paypal as collateral of any quota that the user may be guilty of company paypal.
In terminology is determined it as " right " or " the security sought to " retention account paypal user.
The user
User responsible for any withdrawal, load, claims, fees, feedback fines, penalties and other liabilities incurred by the company, any system user or marketing paypal outside, arising from the breach of the paypal by the provisions of this agreement with the operator or his way using services paypal, regardless of the termination of the contract and the suspension or closure of the accounts.
User agrees to cover any such obligations owed to paypal, or to the entity to another user. outside
Reimbursement of costs arising from the undertakings user
User agrees to deduction from the funds collected in any account belonging to the user or by him any controlled charges, duties and other amounts that the user is obliged to pay to the company and its entities associated in accordance with the paypal defined in the section " compensation and limitation of liability " of less (including, inter alia, in respect of the services provided by such entity associate).
In other words, the right to deduction means that the company may collect fees, charges and other paypal amounts referred to in this section of the balance of accounts belonging to the user or by him controlled paypal.
Balance user accounts is not sufficient if the funds to cover its obligations, the company paypal reserves the right to this collection the amount that amount (or part of it) by eliminating from received payments or measures added to account paypal user.
Otherwise user agrees to cover their obligations to companies paypal otherwise.
Company paypal may also download claims on using the remedies, including user
Transferring it to windykacyjnej.
The transfer of rights
In case of cancellation and withdrawal by the payments made by the user to the recipient paypal (at the request of the user or for any other reason, the user agrees to an acquisition by the company of its rights owed to the external actors and paypal relating to the payment.
User allows also company on these rights, either directly or paypal investigation on its behalf, as the company paypal.
In terminology is determined it as " entitlement " or " translocation ' on a company rights owed to the user and paypal outside bodies relating to the payment.
No waiver of rights
No reaction from the company to breach of contract by the user or paypal other persons does not mean renunciation by the right to take action in the case of successive paypal or similar infringements of the agreement.
User information
Company paypal may require the user administration information required (in) to carry out the activities described in a reasonable extent of this agreement, in order to reduce the risk of fraud to the user or to ensure that compliance with the provisions (including in the prevention of money laundering.
User must comply with such requirements in due time.
User may be asked to message at its own expense evidence of its identity and the information on its finances and operations (such as the recent financial statements or extract) by fax transactions trader, electronic mail or by other means.
Compensation and the limitation of liability
At this point and at the point we are using the term " intellectual property " in order to refer to the us paypal (paypal (europe).
À r.l.
And you, p.
C.
A.)
Parent company paypal holdings, inc.,
Companies associated with the company or anyone who works for the company paypal or its authorised to take action in paypal and on behalf of the user.
Entities include any entity that is under the control of the associated company or exercising control of, or paypal located under common control.
To persons working for the company or its affiliated entities, or authorised paypal to take action on behalf of the paypal or associates include appropriate directors, managers of, workers representatives, associates, service providers and providers companies or associates paypal.
Compensation
User exempt company with responsibility in the field of activities related to paypal account user and its use of services paypal paypal.
User undertakes to exempt company with responsibility and to protect her in the case of paypal any claims or (including the legal costs) demands from outside bodies, in conjunction with:
In violation of the provisions of this agreement with the user user;
Wrong use by the user of services paypal;
Breach by law or right of user external; or
Zaniechaniami third-party body, to which the user activities or grants entitlement to his account or accessing paypal website, software systems companies (including any network and paypal servers be used for services) operated by the paypal or on its behalf, or any services paypal, on behalf of the user.
The limitation of liability
Responsibility paypal is restricted in relation to the user and its use of services account paypal paypal.
Company paypal, in any case not be liable for: direct or indirect lost profits; or any specific, adventitious or damage including, inter alia secondary damage data loss or be able to work) directly or indirectly linked to the site, software, systems (including any networks and servers used to provide any service) operated by the company or in paypal paypal her behalf any services or arising from this agreement with the user paypal (regardless of their causes, including due to negligence), except to the extent banned by law.
Commitments companies to the user; or any entity: paypal external under any circumstances is limited to the actual amount direct damage (with the exception of direct loss of earnings), except for the scope of the prohibited by law.
In addition, to the extent permitted by the law applicable, the company shall not be liable (a user paypal agrees not to burden responsibility for not companies) for any damage or loss paypal (including, inter alia, the loss of money or reputation, profits or losses other reputation or any specific adventitious or intangible injury secondary), which directly or indirectly result from: use by the user or the lack of skills websites, software or systems (including any network and company paypal servers used for service paypal) operated by company or on its behalf; paypal delays and disruption in action website, software (including any network and servers systems be used for services) operated by or on behalf of any company paypal and services paypal; or other malware viruses obtained by accessing site, software systems (including any network and servers used for service paypal) operated by company or on its behalf or any paypal services or any given or services related to paypal websites, software or any services; faults, errors or inconsistencies paypal
There is no guarantee
Services paypal shall be provided in the form of " such as is " and without any guarantee, clear, implicit or laws.
Company paypal, in particular, waives any implicit guarantee:
Property;
Suitability trade;
Suitability for any purpose; and
Not harming the law.
Company paypal has no control over the products or services provided by sellers who accept payment, or can not provide that paypal buyers or with which the user enters into a transaction, the process and that it actually has the right to its implementation.
Company paypal does not guarantee the continuous, uninterrupted or safe access to any of its services.
Action websites, systems (including any software or networks and used for the provision of any service paypal) servers operated by the company or on its behalf may be paypal beset by numerous factors beyond the control of the company's paypal.
Company paypal will do its utmost to ensure timely use of electronic burdens and bank accounts or debit cards and uznań credit and checks.
Company paypal shall not, however, any statement or does not provide guarantees as to the time needed to carry out a payments as action service paypal depends on many factors which are outside the control of companies, such as delays paypal in the banking system, or the provision of foreign mail.
Some countries do not allow a surrender implied guarantees, and so the above claims may not be applicable.
However paypal company can not guarantee all of the information provided in correspondence, reliability reports on orally by its own staff and submitted to in all circumstances and any context and user should not depend on their decision.
User is required to carefully read correspondence coming from companies and tell us immediately, if he comes paypal it something that seems to be wrong or seems action made without orders from the user.
For companies paypal
In case of a dispute with another account holder exempt company from any: paypal user paypal
Claims;
Demands; and
Damage (actual and secondary)
All kinds of known and unknown, arising from such disputes or in any way connected with them.
Relief user with this expressly renounces the any securities which otherwise would the scope of this exemption to take into account only those claims, of which the user knows or suspects that are in favour of it at the time of its consent to this version.
User (not company paypal) sole responsibility for understanding and compliance with all the laws and regulations in force in the jurisdiction which user is subject, which may be relevant in connection with the use of its services company (for example, in connection with the activities of the paypal regulations or licensing, exports and imports, taxes and foreign transactions).
Intellectual property
Marks paypal
" Paypal.com " ", " " " and all Paypal.com paypal associated with the services are trademarks logo paypal or trademarks companies or its licencjodawców reserved paypal.
The user can not copy, modify or use them without obtaining to imitate the prior written consent company. paypal
In addition, all headers parties, graphics and scripts are signs service icons buttons marks or design utility companies paypal.
The user can not copy, modify or use them without obtaining follow the prior written consent.
User can benefit from made available by the company in the html in order to steer the logo paypal network traffic to services paypal.
Any treating, modify or change is not allowed, using them in the way of the logo or services in the light of the false paypal company paypal presentation and their in a way that would suggest sponsorship or promotion by company paypal.
All rights in any of their content, services, paypal websites paypal related to services and any technology technology and the content of the created or paypal originating in the above websites are solely owned by companies and its licencjodawców paypal.
Licensing-general information
If user makes use of software, such as interface api kit paypal tools for programmers or other applications, which may include software provided by service providers, companies or integrated with their software, paypal systems or services which user carried or to which it gained access through the internet platform or mobile, the company paypal, without the right, will user odwołalną niewyłączną grant sub-licences declares that transfer, limited and free of charge a licence for use of software or obtaining access to it in accordance with the paypal the accompanying documentation.
Licence relates to the software and all its update, new version and software substitute.
Software can't rent, or otherwise provide external actors wypożyczać rights to him.
User must comply with the requirements for implementation, access and use contained in the documentation accompanying services paypal.
For breaches of the requirements for implementation, access and use the user will be responsible for any resulting damage sustained by the user company paypal and externally.
Paypal may update or exclude any software after prior notification to the user.
Although paypal company may (1) have integrated materials and technologies of outside bodies in their websites or applications, including in the software, or (2) to benefit from the specific materials and technologies to provide services outside bodies paypal does not have any right to user of such materials and technologies.
User undertakes not to modify, not change, does not fix, not, not, not adjusted, copy reproduce, not display, not to distribute nor otherwise don't translate attempt to create a new source code from source code software or any other material and technology outside bodies, as well as not to create any work on the basis of software, technology or materials derived by external actors.
User acknowledges that all the rights, titles and the benefits of intellectual property rights for software are owned by paypal and paypal integrated it materials belong to outside bodies supplying services to companies paypal.
Any other software used by the user on companies outside bodies approved by the user companies licence conditions is subject to paypal available this software.
User notes that there is no ownership or control and paypal accepts no responsibility with regard to any software of another company, which the decides under any websites software used in connection with the use of the services or paypal paypal.
Licensing paypal company by the user; guarantees intellectual property
Company paypal has no ownership rights to the content of which user, communicate or sent to paypal. available
Company paypal not claims the also property rights to the content on websites outside bodies by the user hostowanych or in applications using the services in order to provide the service of the content of the paypal user.
Without prejudice to the provisions contained in the following section, providing content to paypal or content via paypal by publishing services company (and to the user shall paypal with which it cooperates) niewyłączną,, free of the licence fee, unconditionally and global licence to use his zbywalną content and related intellectual property rights and rights to advertising, in order to help to improve, operate and promote the paypal services and develop new.
Company paypal does not grant any remuneration for the user to its content.
User acknowledges that the use by the company, its content shall not affect any paypal of intellectual property rights or the rights of advertising.
User also takes note of and that it had or otherwise zaręcza controls all rights to content, which provides, as well as renounces his moral rights and undertakes not to assert those rights from the company paypal.
Licensing company paypal by selling
Notwithstanding preceding subparagraph user, who is the seller and the uses the services of payment for goods and services to adopt paypal, this gives company,,, the global paypal niewyłącznego (within the framework of many przekazywalnego sublicencjonowaniu) and free from licence fees and levels of rights to use (during the life of fully paid this agreement with the user) to its trade marks (including, inter alia, registered trade marks, trade names, and unregistered service marks, logo, domain names and other indications of licensed or used) (1) in order to identify which accepts the public service user as a trader as a form of payment, and paypal (2) other uses, to which the user gave explicit consent.
Miscellaneous provisions
Przekazywalność
User prohibits the transfer or an any rights or obligations arising from this agreement with the user without prior written approval company paypal.
Company paypal may at any time transmit or this agreement with the user or any resulting cedować with her rights or obligations.
Applicable law
This agreement with the user and relations between the holder and are subject to the laws of england and wales paypal company.
If user is, however, nothing in this agreement, the consumer does not deprive it of protection provided by the provisions in force in particular, indicating polish law (consumer rights).
Disputes arising from this agreement with the user or services by the paypal, or associated with them, which can not be resolved between the company and traders may undergo by paypal non-exclusive jurisdiction english and welsh, traders without prejudice to the simultaneous file for noncompliance with regard to this dispute paypal before the competent court jurisdiction of luxembourg and in luxembourg.
In case of any disputes with consumers shall apply the provisions in force concerning jurisdiction and applicable law.
Data protection
Protection confidentiality of the data users is for the paypal priority.
Refer to information concerning the data protection rules, in order to better understand the action taken by the company in the protection of privacy of the user and paypal also rules on disclosure of and use of information for the user.
Languages and translation agreement
Company paypal will communicate with a user in english and polish.
This agreement is concluded exclusively in english.
Translation this agreement with the user is available only for convenience user and is not intended to revised to include any changes.
Use user of information; rules on data protection
If user receives information about another client companies must keep the confidentiality of the information and paypal use them only in connection with services paypal.
User may not divulge or disseminate information about other users of the system or make use of them in paypal outsourced marketing purposes without the explicit consent.
The user can not send unwanted e-mail to other users of the system or use the services of paypal to receive paypal payments for transmission or aid for transmission of unwanted e-mail outsourced.
In insofar as user (as the seller) process any personal data customers companies under this agreement with the wearer, paypal user agrees to comply with the requirements of any existing rules on privacy and data protection.
User has its own, independently developed rules of confidentiality and the rules and procedures for any personal data which are kept in the controller, including user story activities related to the processing of personal data in the framework of this agreement.
Rules on privacy and data protection that may apply, shall include all related provisions, legal requirements and codes of conduct applicable to the provision of services described in this agreement with the operator.
If user processes personal data in europe under this agreement, it must comply with eu directives 95/46 ec or general of the protection of personal data (eu) 2016/679). (RODO
In order to comply with those provisions, user undertakes:
Implement and maintain all appropriate security measures relating to the processing of personal data;
Store record and information on all actions undertaken in relation to the data processed; and
Knowingly do nothing nor authorise any of the activities, which could lead to infringement by the provisions concerning the protection of personal data. paypal
All contracts with the user and the rights of outside bodies
This agreement regulates all relations between the operator and the company in the range of associated with service. paypal
If any of the provisions of this agreement with the user will be declared null and void or feasible, it will be deleted and will have no impact on the validity of the other provisions.
Entities not party to this agreement with the user (except for the external actors included in the definition " " at the point of compensation and the limitation of liability paypal above with regard to their rights under this agreement with the user) does not have any right to enforce any provisions of this agreement, on the basis of the agreements (user rights of 1999 by external actors)
Does not apply to the privileges of outsourced under the provisions of other than the provisions of this act.
Paypal as a login
Company paypal may be authorised to authentication via the paypal during the referred to external websites or login mobile applications.
In this case, the company may make available to the company outside status user login paypal enabling it to in this way. login
Paypal furthermore, the company can also make available personal data and other information on the account, on the disclosure of which agreed that this user third-party body could user identified.
Company paypal does not give access to the user accounts and external to the company only will make payments from that account for the entity to custom command and after obtaining the external its special authorisation.
If user authentication, through a system allows visitors during log on or paypal user applications or for the account client must agree to then any specific rules applicable to the provision of this function, as well as his apply to all the technical requirements of textbooks or instructions on integration.
Company paypal does not guarantee or otherwise does not confirm the identity of the users benefiting from this method).
Company paypal does not provide user held by each other users ' personal data and other information on his record (including the status), unless he expresses login consent.
Corporates
By used at this point, the term " ' should be understood the second directive of the european parliament Psd2 and of the council on payment services ((eu).) 2015/2366
User is considered as " client " if on corporate conclusion of this agreement with the user is not it:
Consumer (which is a natural person and taking action not for the purposes of trade, business or profession); and
Mikroprzedsiębiorstwem (director, which employs fewer than 10 persons and whose annual balance sheet total does not exceed 2 million euro).
If user is a client, some of the provisions of directive corporate may not be applicable to his Psd2 using services paypal.
If the user is corporate client:
Will not benefit from the right to reimbursement payments under the account;
If problem must notify it in a period of 60 days from the date of its occurrence.
Thereafter company is not required to take to clarify this paypal case or grant money back user.
Company paypal is not required to comply with the information requirements in accordance with the information requirements set out in title iii of directive Psd2 and their equivalents in any implementation in the member states of the european union or Psd2 european economic area, which may include user (" "); and Transpozycje Psd2
Articles 72 and 89 and provisions equivalent in Psd2 do not relate to the use by the user with Transpozycjach Psd2 services paypal.
This means that, independently of the other provisions of this agreement, the company is not liable for loss or damage paypal incurred by user in connection with these articles and provisions.
Item numbers and defined terms
Where other documents (e.g.
Conditions) contain references to the numbers points or defined time limits on this agreement with the wearer, please refer to the notes to the agreement with user, in order to find the appropriate provisions or defined period.
