Staff personal accounts
Download as a pdf file here.
To display the previous rules, click here.
Poland
This regulation shall apply from 31 october 2021
Previous version of the staff, which are valid until 31 october 2021.
Can be found here.
My account Revolut
1.
Why this information is important
This document sets out the rules and conditions for the use of personal accounts (your account) and related Revolut him services.
Also lays down other important things that you need to know.
This regulation with the charges, personal privacy and any other conditions which apply to our services are legal arrangement (agreement) between:
Holder of account and you
Us payments uab (company registered in Revolut the republic of lithuania under number, the head of which the head office is and 304940980 at Konstitucijos ave.
21b 08130, vilnius, the republic of lithuania).
This agreement is concluded for an indefinite period.
This means that it shall be valid until terminated by us or by you.
We're entitled to issuance of electronic money by the bank under the act on e-money and lithuania electronic money institutions the republic of lithuania (licence of electronic money institutions no 42).
Bank lithuania's central bank and financial supervisory authority the republic of lithuania, based at gedimino ave.
6 01103, vilnius, republic of lithuania, registry number (for more information on the bank of lithuania 188607684 can be obtained from its website at the following address; you could make contact with the bank of lithuania www.lb.lt under telephone + 370 800 50 500).
Also subject to the law on payment the republic of lithuania, which governs the activity and our responsibility, payment services, the rights and obligations of our clients, and the applicable fees.
We say that we work and provide services on working days on lithuanian territory and only when such working days are in line with business days in britain.
It is important that our users understand the mode of action their accounts.
At any time you ask for a copy of this regulation in application Revolut.
If you want to get more information, it may be too frequently asked questions (with a read these are not part of our agreement).
2.
What kind of record is my account Revolut?
Your account is account paying for which shall be kept your money electronic.
You can keep him on electronic money in different currencies at the same time.
Electronic money is electronic alternative cash.
If over us money (or someone else altogether), the equivalent value of electronic money in the currency chosen wyemitujemy by you or the person.
Electronic money will be stored in your account, and other people will accept them as payment.
In making payments into the accounts external electronic money is according to its nominal value. wykupywany
In this regulation, the term " ' in relation to money we use of electronic money.
3.
Use of money in your account
When you're money electronic on his record, you are entitled to our services.
You can, for example: send money into the accounts and other accounts) and receive (Revolut them with the accounts and other accounts) others (Revolut; exchange money from one currency for another (we call this exchange); available currency can be changed; make payments and pay cash using a card; and browse information on his record Revolut and manage.
All the time we add new functions and services.
We you communicate them through the application Revolut.
Main way our services is mobile application Revolut.
Our services providing, however, also in other ways, for example via websites, other applications, interfaces and other measures. api
This regulation is always and regardless of how you get access to our services.
This means that it applies to all the means of access to the service in question, even if in this regulation it comes to access to the service through a specific measure.
When, for example,
Payments charter we are talking about, we refer to card payments natural Revolut, but also the charter or charge added to services apple virtual pay or google pay.
4.
How do i open an account Revolut?
Principle must be at least 18 years to open an account Revolut.
If you have less than 18 years and we'll let you to have accounts or any other services, we will inform you Revolut of any special conditions, which are applied.
When ask us to open an account, we or the person acting on our behalf ask for information about you and to indicate where they come from the money that you paid into an account.
We're doing this for many reasons, including in order to check your creditworthiness and identity, and also in order to comply with the legal requirements and regulatory which we apply.
In our privacy policy in more detail is how we use information about you, for these and other purposes.
When we have the necessary information, open your account.
You can't:
Open more than one account; or personal Revolut
Use Revolut personal accounts for business purposes.
If you want to use accounts for business purposes, you have to ask for Revolut opening accounts business in line with our rules of procedure accounts names.
5.
How can i obtain information on the contributions and disbursements to my account?
You can check all incoming payments on your account and emanating from him in applications Revolut.
We won't make any changes in the information on your account and will be available for you in the application for as long as long as you're our Revolut client.
Retain copy of the information after the closure of accounts if you need it, you can download when your account is still active.
If lock their account and wish to obtain this information, you can send to us an e-mail to the address feedbach @ revolut.com.
At any time you can also download information with applications.
Whenever payments will affect your account or from it, we'll send notification on your mobile device comes out.
Could you turn these communications in applications, but if you do, check Revolut regularly their payments in application Revolut.
Important requires knowledge of how that payments affect your account and operate from him, and recommend leaving in the notifications.
Our communication
Usually we will communicate with you through the application, and it is free of charge. Revolut
Others group may also communicate with you Revolut through the application, if agreed Revolut between you and that entity.
In this way we provide information on the account and inform you of any fraud or suspected fraud linked to that account.
Is also the way in which we will inform you if you have a security threat to your account.
Make sure you regularly this information in the application. Revolut
In order to ensure safety his account, download the latest his mobile device and the most recent version applications software, as soon as they become available. Revolut
We also managed to communicate with you through the text messages or e-mail, so check regularly their text messages and e-mail account.
Your consent, approval, recognition and other statements made by means of applications will have the same legal value as Revolut your signature on the document written.
Your agreements concluded with us through the application will be regarded as a written agreement concluded between Revolut you and us.
Any instructions, for carrying out the operations and take transmitted Revolut other actions, sent / made by you through applications will be treated as sent / made Revolut by you and binding as action carried out by you.
Usually we with you communicate in english.
Tell us on an ongoing basis
Please updating their data and immediately to inform us of changes in the information provided by you.
If discover that any of your data are not valid, zaktualizujemy them.
To fulfil our legal requirements and regulatory, we can sometimes need some more information about you (for example where your expenses will increase).
Please expeditious transfer such information that there is no disruption in the operation to your account or our services.
6.
How can i close himself?
You can at any time, and thus to close their account to denounce the agreement, informing us about this.
You can do it through the application, writing for us to address our Revolut premises, or by e-mail to the address feedbach @ revolut.com.
Still it will be necessary (for example, in the case of payment of any fees to request additional card). Revolut
Can also ordered you charges cancellation, which are applicable to other agreements concluded with us (for example, if the subscription plus, premium or metal; anulujesz staff, plus plans premium and you can find here). metal
If you or we'll close our your account, we give you the possibility of making money, which we keep on your behalf (electronic money). we call it wykupem
If you want, we send your money in a currency other than currency, which in your name, we store before sending them to you przeliczymy currency at the rate obtaining at the time and we'll our usual fee.
Cancellation card Revolut
If you change your mind and you won't need a card, that's no problem. Revolut
Just let us know, and we it we.
I can cancel the contract.
Waive this agreement and therefore you can finish her during the first 14 days after opening, keeping us about this through accounts Revolut application, or by e-mail to the address feedbach @ Revolut revolut.com.
You have the right to withdraw without paying any penalties and without the need for giving any reason.
In the event of withdrawal, we will return you any other balance.
7.
What will happen after the close my account.
Stop amount of money sufficient to cover all payments approved by you before the closure of accounts.
Still will also due any amount that require up, when your account was open.
How can i obtain access to my money after the closure of the accounts.
For eight years after the closure of the accounts of or expiry of cards you can contact the Revolut customer service (feedback @) and ask for money, message revolut.com which still we keep on your behalf.
Post-closure account, you can pay your money in the currency of the country in which only live.
Security accounts
8.
As protected are my money?
We don't borrow your money to others.
Once we have information about into your account or append to its payment of the money, we'll put on your account equivalent to the amount in the form of electronic money.
In the short term:
Put money on our separate accounts, which we have in large global banks within the eea (identified accounts are separated from our own money); or
Invest payment in assets low-risk, stored in a separate account with financial institutions.
We call this security.
Security helps to protect you in case we have become a state of insolvency.
In that case, will you, our separate accounts administrator measures.
Unfortunately law does not allow us to pay your interest, and the money in your account are not covered by any of the deposit insurance.
9.
Protecting your security data and charter Revolut
We are doing everything in our power to your money were safe.
Exactly we also you, so take care of the safety of their data and charter Revolut.
You can't hold their data underlying near, and if you save them or charter Revolut, hide them or save in a proper preserve them way.
Not share their data underlying anyone other than the service provider or an external entity which acts open banking in accordance with regulatory requirements.
For more information on service providers open banking and can be found in chapter 10 of external suppliers of this regulation.
Sometimes it is easy to forget the have taken any steps that are necessary in order to ensure the safety of their money.
Here are some ideas:
Make sure you lock up when you don't use its application Revolut; and
Save her mobile phone and e-mail account and don't let other people use them.
Contact us via the application as soon as possible, if Revolut your card is lost or stolen, or if your Revolut Revolut or safety data might be used card without your consent.
If you can, lock your card as soon as possible, Revolut from a level of application or by the number of automatic. the Revolut
If later aware that there is no pass security threats your cards, you can unlock it. Revolut
How can you be in touch with us
Write to us:
Konstitucijos ave.
21b 08130, vilnius, the republic of lithuania.
Lock his card: Revolut
214 3608 + 370 5 (telecommunication providers) your apply standard rates.
Please us if the charter or security data will be lost or stolen Revolut:
Send the message through applications on the other person; Revolut
Send the message through social media;
Send an e-mail to the address feedbach @ revolut.com.
Give us a call:
214 3608 + 370 5 (telecommunication providers) your apply standard rates.
10.
Payments and access to the accounts using the " open " banking
You can use the function " open " in order to obtain access to banking accounts, have in other suppliers, through the application, authorise other suppliers to access or Revolut to your account Revolut.
Allowing other suppliers to access to your account Revolut
Allow other suppliers on access to information you can about your account or making payments on your behalf.
Such suppliers are often called " open service providers ' or " external suppliers ' banking.
Those suppliers will often have to obtain a permit regulatory authority such as bank of lithuania, or another competent regulatory authority of the country.
If you're gonna make use of the service provider banking or an external body, open ask him for detailed information on its authorisation (if obtained) and check them personally. (
Can do that, by online register of authorised companies provided by the bank of lithuania).
When you get access to its accounts by the service provider open banking or other Revolut supplier our rules of procedure shall continue to apply to the use of your account Revolut.
We can be forced to block access service providers or other suppliers to your account opened banking (e.g.
If fear fraud, if they do not have the requisite authorization or if there are reasons to doubt legal or regulatory).
If this happens, we will try to inform you of this in advance or as soon as possible.
We'll do it through the application or by e-mail, i think that it would be Revolut's against the law, or there will be an important safety reasons, for which we can not do that.
Access external suppliers will also be, as soon as the reasons for refusal of such unblocked ustaną access.
You are also entitled to block the access of service providers or other suppliers to his account open banking Revolut.
Contact us, if you think any supplier external works without your consent.
And when you use open banking or other suppliers, service providers and you express permission that their upoważniasz that they have access to information about your account or made payments from your account Revolut Revolut on your behalf.
How background on you and to those we've been revealing other purposes, and we described in our privacy policy.
Using applications in order to obtain access to accounts in Revolut other suppliers
You can also obtain access to its accounts for other suppliers and initiate payment of those accounts using applications Revolut.
We call it " open banking services. "
Revolut is authorised to provide such services.
If using our services to view information about banking open their account in another supplier, you must authorise you to access to such accounts us.
We won't keep any given by you confidential data relating to the payment in order to grant such authorisation.
After authorising the us to access to your account in order to obtain information about it:
We have access to information on your account on your behalf (i.e.
Such information as details to your account, history transactions and functions); your account
We analyse this information in order to provide you with an insight into your expenses (e.g.
Suggesting how you can save money);
You can withdraw its acceptance at any time through applications Revolut.
The way we use information about you to these and other purposes, and we described in our privacy policy.
If you are using our services to initiate payments from the account, open banking in another provider, you have to authorise which have to make the payments. we also
We won't keep any given by you confidential data relating to the payment in order to grant such authorisation.
Wyraziłeś we consider that an agreement and upoważniłeś an us to initiate payment of those accounts, when you select in application laid down payment service contract and, after completing all Revolut necessary and required information them in applications. use Revolut
11.
Are there any limitations on the use of applications or card Revolut Revolut?
Please sensible and responsible behaviour during the use of applications or cards. Revolut Revolut
Application Revolut or the charter may not be used Revolut (directly or indirectly) as follows:
For the purposes of illegal (e.g.
Commit fraud);
In a way which could harm our ability to our services;
Only to send money to account credit card and receive money from such accounts;
Any transactions that are in order to obtain cash, other than the bankomatu;
To control or use accounts, which do not belong to you; Revolut
Card Revolut other people to transfer;
To allow other people access to your account or application or use of them; Revolut
To abuses, exploitation or circumvention of any restrictions on the use of services, laid down by the service provider, in which is registered card; you can e.g. Revolut
Only use one card in service providers, which offers free Revolut subscription or probationary period; or
Currencies authorisation for speculation purposes (i.e. strangers
In order to use the expected increase or decrease in value of its currency) or in order to use the discrepancies in the foreign exchange market.
We also ask that respect for us and our behavior technical assistance support team-we are here to help you.
Payment and expenditure
12.
Paying money credited to the
Can add money to their accounts by debit card or credit registered in us (we call it your saved card) or by bank credit transfer.
Your saved card must be issued on your name.
When adding the money through the credit transfer, you must use the data accounts referred to in the application Revolut.
When you get the money, we add to your account equivalent their value in the form of electronic money.
In order to avoid delays, make sure that you're behaving in accordance with instructions in applications.
Data as you need to use to add money to his account, will depend on the currency in which you are adding the money.
If, for example,
Add money to his account in euro (eur), you must use the data in euro, given in applications Revolut accounts.
Enshrined card or bank account if you are using to add money to his account in a currency other than that of the card or your bank account, such used or supplier of the charter may impose a.
When file payment order in the application, we deem it expression by you Revolut consent and authority to complete the transaction us.
More information on the addition of money into account will be in often asked questions.
Storage money on account of electronic money
After adding the money to his account of e-money can do it move between different types of sub-accounts, that we provide.
You can, for example,
Spill your money among the currencies or keep it in a safe electronic personal or service pocket.
Are all sub-account your account of electronic money.
All rules which relate to your account the, shall also apply to your sub-accounts, for example, be available to companies-may recovery.
You never have to worry that balance your account is too low Revolut
We know how important is the possibility of making payments from an account, whenever you want.
Authorised us to supply your account referred to you money on your cards, where the quantities of money on your enshrined account falls below a specified amount.
We call it an automatic power.
Automatic you can cancel at any time in power applications or making contact with the supplier of the charter. Revolut
The payments
, Due to requirements regarding the fight against money laundering and financing of terrorism or limits used by third parties can we limit the amount that you will get to on account of it, and also the amount paid or that you could pay or give using a Revolut.
Can exchange, which you can also reduce the value of over a given period all at once or carried out.
Those limits may vary.
They can find here.
Ensuring consistency monetary
It is important that all payments on your account were carried out in the currency of your account.
Otherwise payment will be converted into currency to your account.
This means that in your account may have more or less money than you guess.
Are not liable for any loss, if this happens.
13.
Transfer money between accounts Revolut
Sent money to other accounts and you can receive them online Revolut Revolut of others.
This type of payment is called spot. przelewami
All reaching out to a customer immediately. immediately transfers
Immediate transfer to another user account you can do, choosing him from the contact list in Revolut applications, using its user name or using Revolut from another available methods of identification, and then acting in accordance with hints.
Safes.
If belong to safe block, you can send for him immediately transfers.
Safe group is set up and controlled by the user Revolut account.
All members of the safe can display their own transactions carried out in the block the safe.
Can also leave him at any time.
Only Revolut user, who founded (owner), it can automatically safe group display all transactions in the safe, close it, add or remove other members and allow members to the disbursement of funds (as well as the safe block withdraw their access to this option).
Append safe to block or send for him money only if you trust, as it will be the holder of the owner.
If owner at any point will no longer be account holder or his account will be disabled, Revolut won't have access to the resources in the safe group.
Purchases using " through " function pay Revolut
Transfer immediately in the company, you can do that uses services through " to " pay collection of payment. Revolut
There are two ways:
Order us to immediate transfer to a specific can amount to your account to companies-immediately or within a specified Revolut date or dates in the future (for example, instead of card payments in hand).
These payments is called the " payments by the client. " inicjowanymi
You can agree that company availed transfers from your account (immediate, for example, allow regular Revolut you can download from your account payments for subscription).
These payments is called the " payments by the service provider. ' inicjowanymi
Payments initiated by client
Payments initiated by the customer must be for a fixed amount, which will be the amount of one-off payment.
Anytime can exclude payments initiated by you to companies-cyclical, just remember, in order to make it one day before the due date.
We ask you to confirm and the amount of payments either by the customer and its authentication replicates at each registration and payments in hand.
The company will receive only confirmed by you and can not charge any amount other payments without your consent.
Payments initiated by the service provider
Payments initiated by the service provider may be at any amount, but it's you make limits on the frequency and total or a single payment that may take samples of the company. amounts
At any time, you can exclude payments initiated by the provider that the company. przesyłasz
If, however, the company will ask us to downloaded from your account payments initiated by the service provider and this payment would be determined by the limits you, we will not ask you for a confirmation before its implementation.
Revolut notification, every time you get in the application initiated by the client or the service provider will be made payments of your account.
Protection while using the services ' pay through Revolut "
" Pay through " is a service offered to companies which Revolut allows you to pay them directly from the accounts-without entering data process Revolut frustrującego cards.
We however that this service has acted in a satisfactory manner for you, and both companies, why we have introduced a policy of protecting buyers.
It is during the eligible using services ' pay by purchasing. " Revolut
The repayment of payments initiated by provider
Payments initiated by the service provider shall be taken from your account on the basis of consent granted by you in the past.
Encourage companies to inform you of the amount of each payment either by the service provider prior to its withdrawal.
But if you think payments initiated by the service provider has been taken from your account by mistake, you can ask us for its recovery within 8 weeks after sampling.
To apply for repayment of money, contact us via chat, and we, or the repayment of money will be implemented through you we will inform, within 10 working days.
14.
Payments other types of
Send money to your bank account, you can easily or account of another person.
You may do both as well as configure payments cyclic one-off payment.
Enough you number and clearing (or, in the case of payments account number international, numbers and to bic iban are you sending money in the application and you follow the instructions. Revolut
We may have to ask you also about other information.
Using cards Revolut
You can also make payments or pay cash by card. Revolut
You can do it with the his card (card number, expiry date and Revolut number) or its pin code. cvc
We these actions for expressing by you consent to the payment or cash withdrawals from your account Revolut.
Talk also agreed to the payment of your cards by: Revolut
Touchdown cards to terminal (transaction) and Revolut implementation of other activities on an electronic zbliżeniowa cards; the proximity to a specified payments czytniku amounts shall not be required pin code;
Signing receipt issued by purchase on a card reader; electronic
Insertion his card to a card reader and the implementation of further electronic Revolut function requested by an electronic card reader, without introducing pin code (e.g.
During pay toll charges, parking, etc.);
The number of the charter and other data and its Revolut agreeing to initiate payment orders to charging your account during the conclusion of the contract with the trader or service provider; or
The number of the charter and other data to trade their Revolut or service providers and authentication method secure; it is a payment 3d step that you need to do when purchasing online using a card, if a company commercial or service provider Revolut applies this approach; if this happens, on the website of trading company or service provider will be popup window with a request for verification of the payment, and you push with its application; you will receive notification then you have to open its application and Revolut confirm transaction, to complete the payments.
Card Revolut to pay money when you use, or make payments (e.g. bankomatu
In a shop or restaurant), we consider that the payment was authorised by you, unless:
Poinformujesz us that money has been stolen from your account; or
Acknowledge that not your orders correctly. we
Can charge fees for payment of the money.
More information on this subject you will find on our website charges.
Not bear responsibility for the losses in the case of repayment of payments in another currency.
It so happens that the money that you want to send to another person, will not be paid for her account and will be returned to us.
If at the time of dispatch we had to make the changeover, and payments are able to demonstrate that we have made everything properly, for the reimbursement money them back to the original currency. przeliczymy
This means that the amount that back on his own, can you get to be less than the amount paid by you (but it may also be more!).
Not are liable for any loss, which this will.
Accurate fill in the data of the person whose you pay
After data of the person you want to pay, make sure that they are correct.
If they don't, payment may be delayed or you can lose money, when they are sent to the wrong account.
Make sure that you know the person to whom are you sending money.
If someone will contact you and ask for a payment, but don't know that, who is this person or for what do you pay, you can fall victim to fraud, and we can not be able to regain your money.
If person want to pay money, we will not bear does not receive any responsibility for this, if properly payments, but we have received from you abnormal przetworzyliśmy data.
Us if you ever asked, of course we will try to regain your money, but in some countries, it may be easier than in others.
If skontaktujesz with our chapter customer service through application, we can give you information that Revolut will help you to return the money-including details of the person who has received payments (if we have such data).
The eea are all european union countries plus norway, iceland and liechtenstein. "
Working day ' means the date on which the banks are open both in the republic of lithuania, as well as in the united kingdom.
For sdd
Depending residence, you can have the possibility to carry out direct debits in euro with your account to the bank accounts carried out at the premises of the single euro payments area (i.e. in all eea countries and switzerland, monaco and san marino).
These payments are referred to as direct debits is launched.
The bank account to which is being direct debit (bank customers) is responsible for submission to the us request for payment in due time.
You can:
For sdd or limit the amount of your account (or the frequency of payment of both of those things);
Cancel for sdd carried out with your account; and
Decide that for sdd may be carried out only for certain people.
Can do it, making contact with us by application Revolut.
Sepa bank customers if you set the payment order will ask for not on the working day preceding the date of payment, and we pay them to the date of payment.
If fall due on holiday in the bank customers (typically weekend or a public holiday), the money gets to the bank in the following working day.
For more information on payment orders you might find in often asked questions. sepa
Payments for services provided by other companies from the Revolut
Application Revolut is more than just an account of electronic money.
This platform that allows you to access a wide range of services.
Not all of these services are provided by us (Revolut) payments uab.
Some of them provides other companies as part of our group.
In this case, you have to accept a separate staff which will apply in such company for a particular service.
For example:
When using services, they are provided by Revolut kryptowalutowych ltd and subject to the conditions for the use of which you have to accept; do not provide kryptowalut these services, and you shall not be granted to us no right under conditions of use of kryptowalut;
When using services market with precious metals, they are provided by ltd and subject to the rules of procedure on the precious metal Revolut, which you have to accept; not provide these services, and you shall not be granted to us no right under the regulation concerning the precious metals;
When using services, they are provided by the transactions listed trading ltd and subject to the rules of procedure on the transaction Revolut listed that you have to accept; not provide these services, and you shall not be granted to us no right under the regulation concerning the transactions listed;
When using services, they are provided by Revolut stays ltd and subject to the conditions on which wyraziłeś agreed; services stays not, don't you provide these services against us any rights under conditions have services stays.
Any other services provided by other companies of the group.
Though not provide such services, they need to make payments on your typically account that with us you have electronic money, or from such accounts.
When, for example,
Buy or sell, payments will be charged with your account kryptowalutę electronic money that with us, or you have realised on this account.
Zasilimy obciążymy or in this case, in our company your account as requested by another company of the group on the basis of accepted by you of the rules of such Revolut company.
Sometimes sub-account we can create a in your account of electronic money, if it is necessary to make use of such services.
If, for example,
Using services market price, you have to, you can see sub-account, before it is possible to use the services of power for official listing.
15.
What happens if the payment was sent to the wrong account has not been sent in general or has been delayed.
Always trying to process your payments correctly and in a timely manner, but sometimes something will go wrong and payments may be delayed or the person that you want to pay, does not receive her at all.
If something went wrong and:
Person paying you;
Bank account to which you want to make a payment; or
Seller which you pay;
Is within the eea, let us know about by application Revolut.
You must do it as soon as possible and no later than 13 months to the collection of sums from your account.
If money does not affect the account to which they have been sent, we'll give them to your account.
If as a result of our mistake you any charges or interest, also had accrued them, we will return.
If payments on your behalf, but the money we have not been paid to your account on time, immediately your account by this payment. zasilimy
These rules do not apply to currency exchange.
What to do, if you think that there has been a mistake?
Always before payment, whether made of the person whose data check you want, are correct. pay
It is always good to test a small amount of payment (e.g.
Eur 1) in order to ensure that the accounts are correct.
Remember the following things:
Always upewniaj that you know the person to whom are you sending money; if someone will contact you and ask for a payment, but you have no certainty, who is this person or for what do you pay, you can fall victim to fraud;
Contacts visible in the application is taken from the names and phone numbers Revolut recorded in your phone; these names and numbers are not verified by us or by anyone else, which means that if you save an invalid or name for my photo phonebook, you can pay to the wrong person and lose your money.
Usernames visible in the application may be similar to other usernames Revolut and may be amended by individual users; we are working hard to remove any inappropriate usernames, but these names are not verified by us or by anyone else; this means that if you have no certainty that a person is this what you shall, you can pay to the wrong person and lose your money.
Not bear responsibility if we make the payments to the person that we show-even if you accidentally take give us a bad bank account user name or telephone.
But if you ask us to do that, we will try to regain your money.
Can also try to obtain information about that will allow you to try them on their own the recovered (if allows us right).
We try to take this action, but we can't guarantee that that will happen.
In some cases, it may be impossible.
What do we do when we or someone else to make a mistake?
On the other hand, if a payment is mistakenly made to your account by another person, you have to pay her Revolut.
If a person who made payments, make claim legal error to recover the money, we can be forced to give it your data.
Therefore always regularly check to make sure that their account everything is in order.
16.
Send and receive money via a link from the payment
, You can easily to send the money, which is not a friend of mine, using the " link to account Revolut payment. "
Payments lets you agree to a link to a specific amount without having to pay, which is to be entering data account payment.
Instead you enter the amount and the link, and provide the receiver will introduce your account information.
Can do that, while payments in the application, indicating the amount of the bookmark which you want to send Revolut by pressing the button " link to payments ' and create send him to a friend.
Or you can create link, in order to receive payments after sending it to a friend.
When send such a link, a friend of yours will have to payments by introducing corresponding data.
If send money via a link from for payments, your friend will have to enter your account information banking after opening the link.
Then payment will be made on its bank account-as stand-alone after the introduction of those data in your application.
Sometimes due to the amount or the nature of the payment, a friend of yours will be asked to join the Revolut in order to finalise the transactions.
When he does, payment will be made on his account. Revolut
If get money via a link from to payments, your friend will have to introduce the his debit card or credit after opening within 24 hours. link
Then payment will be made by using his hand.
Limits amounts by which we can introduce you could ask via a link from the payment.
These limits will be visible in the applications.
Sometimes for other reasons we will be forced to ask your friend to open accounts before it can receive payments. Revolut
If he doesn't, we will be unable to send him money or to pick up their from him.
All links to the payments to the time limit.
At this time, and a friend of yours will not be a link will expire could exercise or pick up your payments.
We will inform you about a time limit while creating in applications. link
Remember that when you link to payments in order to send money, you agreed to payment without themselves input account.
Payment will be made to the data that will be implemented after the opening of the link.
Careful udostępniasz when, and make sure who link send him.
If, for example,
Udostępnisz link to send money to profile their friend on social media, someone else you can click this link and to pick up the money.
If you're afraid for created by yourself a link to, you can cancel payments (before payment will be made) in the history of transactions in applications.
17.
That exchange rate "?
More details on our charges can be found on our side of the charges.
You can always see our current exchange rate in applications. Revolut
All users plans and may make a certain number of standard plus exchanges at that rate per month.
Fixed amount depends on what is your base currency, and is set out on our side of the charges.
Users plans standard and who have exceeded that amount, plus a reasonable fee (but customers are starting to pay premium and no longer) metal.
After the changeover in history of transactions in applications also exchange rate, which will be visible Revolut has been used.
Exchange rate may be changed between the moment when the us about wanting to currency and exchange poinformujesz moment, in which it actually we make the exchange.
This means that if you ask us to exchange currencies, you can get a little higher or lower amount than you guess.
Not bear responsibility if: you lose any money from the conversion of currency; or will burden any charges or the money, because you are using cards, you won't in another country and ask the seller (Revolut or a seller) to those (imagine that you're e.g.
Client from lithuania and after japan-when you pay the bill in travel restaurant, do you agree in euro, and not to pay in yen; this means that you're talking to retailers with a request for the conversion of currency, bank and we don't have a responsibility, if this bank will give you worse exchange rate or fees). take
18.
Can i cancel payments or currency conversion?
You can still cancel payments (including payments cyclic, or payment order sepa) at any time before the end of the working day preceding the day on which the payment is to be made from your account.
You can't cancel payments on the same day, in which it has be realised with your account.
This means that you can't cancel transfers between accounts Revolut.
Also can't cancel changeover following receipt by the us request for held.
You can easily cancel bank transfer.
You can still cancel bank transfer in applications. Revolut
19.
Long payment as?
We realise that when payments, one of the most important things is are set it to the person to whom payments is intended, received it on time.
When their bank will receive the money, depends on what time did you ask us for payment and in what you want her to currency.
Below we explain when we implement payments.
Remember that all hours specified in this regulation shall apply to time, greenwich mean time (gmt british) from october to march and british summer time (cw) agents from march to october.
Immediate transfer to account Revolut:
Disposition payments can pass us at any moment, and we receive it immediately.
Payments to a bank account of another person:
Disposition until 1:00 (if you payments or) on working, 3:00 time of vilnius receive it immediately;
Disposition if you after an hour (or 1:00 payments on the working day) 3:00 time of vilnius receive it in the next working day;
If disposition payments on you holiday, receive it in the following working day.
Payments to a bank account via a link from the payment:
Disposition payments can made at any time, and we receive it, when the person you want to pay will your account information (provided that this will be done within 24 hours of being sent its link to payments).
Payment into a bank account with the date of the future (e.g.
Payments over):
Disposition you can make payments at any time, and we receive it in the same working day (if payments will be carried out with your account on the working day) or the following working day (where the payment is to be carried out by your account on holiday).
Below specified, when we make payments in different currencies.
If currency payments is eur or gbp:
When married payment, affect your account account of the person, in the same working day. pay
To a bank account in the eea (not in the united kingdom), if there's any currency other than the euro currency payments or gbp:
When married payment, affect your account account person, you pay within four working days.
To a bank account outside the eea, if there's any currency other than the euro currency payments or gbp:
When married payment, affect your account account person, you pay as soon as soon as we can get her; time will depend on where there is the bank to pay. you
If zlecisz us currency conversion, converted electronic money immediately. you
20.
When refuse payment or defer it
Are obliged to refuse to make payments or delay it (this applies to both incoming payments and outgoing) in the following circumstances:
If legal requirements or regulatory are preventing us from the payment or command to carry out additional checks;
If break these rules in a manner that in our view, justifies the refusal or delay the payment;
If implementation at your disposal would break these rules or if your an instrument does not contain all the information necessary for the proper us payment;
If amount exceeds the limit your account or would exceeding such limit; these limits itself can be found here.
If in your account doesn't have enough money to make payments and cover all charges;
If issued against you provision for bankruptcy or have contained individual, voluntary arrangement with creditors;
If even after taking all reasonable steps, we will not be able to achieve payment by the deadline;
If third party is preventing us from payment of (e.g.
When mastercard or visa shall not authorise the payment or cash withdrawals using your card); Revolut
If we asked you about important information, which reasonably need, but we have not received them from you; or
If we your account.
Can also refuse to issue a new card, if you're not on his record Revolut a sufficient amount of to pay us for the issue or the provision of cards.
Refuse when payment, always (unless this would be incompatible with the law or technically impossible) will inform you of this refusal, its reasons for (if possible) and the factual mistakes that led to the disposal of such a refusal.
Such notification you get as soon as possible.
If we can, we'll use applications in order to inform you of the refusal to Revolut payments.
If you want to find out why we refused to make payments and what you can do to solve the problem, contact us via the application.
Not are liable for any losses incurred by you, as a result of our refusal or delay the payment.
21.
Charges third parties for making or acceptance of payments
Not we charge for accepting payments.
Not we also charge for sending local payments in your base currency.
If payments are set in another currency or to another country, we can charge a fee for the payment or payments international swift.
They are described on our website charges.
Will always you inform and given the cost in applications prior to payment. Revolut
Other involved banks such as bank person, you pay or some banks or correspondence (which help banks intermediate of money between other banks) may sometimes their payments from payments which you are sending removed or take.
May mean that you or the person you pay, you less than you thought.
You can, for example,
Receive only eur 90 from the person who sent you eur 100, if a bank that person a fee of eur 10. naliczy
It could happen, if:
Bank the person to whom or from which you receive payments, send payments is located in the eea and the payment is made in a currency that is not the currency eea member state; or
Dokonujesz payments to or from the person you receive payments bank is located outside the eea.
To make it clear, we ourselves are not taken from you charge for making and receipt of payment.
Always recount to you the full amount that we will receive from another bank.
Always send the full amount, which you want to send, too, but we can not guarantee that the full amount shall be paid on behalf of another person-without the charge levied by another bank.
What happens if something goes wrong
22.
What happens if somebody steals money from my account.
Please us about this as soon as possible through applications (and no later than within Revolut 13 months of theft of money from your account).
Wpłacimy money back on your account if you have any of the following:
Couldn't you) know that your security data or are exposed to the risk of fraud; card Revolut
The payment was made because someone who we are responsible, he made a mistake.
Payment was effected after an us that somebody let knows your security data or your card has been lost or stolen, or not Revolut gave you to tell us about it.
Right require from us, we ask you to carry out certain commands, when an us to make a payment, did you and we didn't do it; or
Made an payments for certain goods or services bought over the internet or otherwise, which is not a personal (there are certain types of contracts to which it may not be applied, such as the rental agreement apartment, but we can give you more information on this when we about the problem). poinformujesz
We will return with any charges incurred in connection with withdrawal of payments to your account.
Return it you any money, if you've acted an unfair advantage or deliberately or not reply) for the protection of no zadbałeś their data underlying or card (unless you let Revolut) us about this before payment was taken from your account).
We will not make such
Refund, if you give somebody to its charter and code pin this person will payments at Revolut using your card without you knowing.
23.
When we can block your account or a Revolut
Safety your money is very important for us.
Can prevent you make payments to your account or by means of your cards, if we are legitimate concerns about its Revolut safety or about the fact that it may be used in an unfair or without your consent.
We can also be forced to block your account or in order to fulfil our legal obligations charter Revolut in law, the republic of lithuania.
Report you through the application before the your application or charter Revolut or so soon after their blocking, Revolut as possible.
We inform you also about why we did it (unless this would have a negative impact on your or our security or would be unlawful).
Odblokujemy your account as soon as the reasons for which it. we've just blocked no longer exist
24.
When can suspend or close my account?
In exceptional circumstances, we can immediately close or suspend your account (including access to the services provided by other entities of a group of) as well as off your access Revolut to our website.
Such exceptional circumstances may be as follows:
Have reasonable grounds to believe that your act or other unlawful activities bears the characteristics of fraud;
We have not received from you (or persons located in your name) of the information that we needed, or we have good reason to consider that provided by the information you are incorrect or false or incorrect;
Our rules of procedure was by you to a large extent and permanently and violated the problem has not been resolved by you within a reasonable time after receipt of the relevant request from us;
Have information about the fact that use by you, applications to cause harm our activities or our Revolut software, systems or equipment;
Have reasonable grounds to consider that the further use for you, account could harm our reputation or willingness to the public;
We asked you about your obligations towards us, but not repay you managed to do it within a reasonable time;
Was published by you; or bankruptcy
Required by law, regulation, judicial orders or instructions of.
We can also decide to close or suspend your account for other reasons.
We'll contact you through the application of at least sixty (60) days Revolut prior to taking such action.
Closure your account and termination of the contract may also cause denunciation of any other agreements concluded with us or through us.
For more information, you can get in the application or by contacting us. Revolut
25.
Changes in the rules
We change these rules only for the following reasons: if we consider that this will make it easier to understand or more helpful; to reflect the way of our activities, in particular if the amendment is necessary due to any change in the provision of the financial system or technology; to reflect the legal or regulatory requirements, which we apply; in order to reflect changes in the cost of our activities; or if we change or new services or products which are to introducing an impact on our existing services or products covered by this regulation.
Information on changes
Add a new product or service which does not change the regulation concerning your account, we can add such a product or service immediately and tell you about it before you start using it.
Otherwise prior to any change we will you about them in advance of at least 60 days through applications and / or electronic mail. Revolut
We assume that amendment was you'd love, unless the us of its wish to close its account, poinformujesz before the amendment enters into force.
26.
Your right to return money for card payments and Revolut for sdd
Payment by card Revolut
You ask us for repayment of taken from your account in the following cases:
Agrees mere fact make payments, but does not match the amount;
Taken amount is higher than expected in reasonably, taking into account all the circumstances (including your schedule expenditure);
The pay is within the eea;
Not autoryzowałeś an payments directly with us;
Neither we, nor the person pay, we did not give you any information on the payments within four weeks prior to its implementation; and
You ask us for reimbursement within eight weeks of the collection of payments from your account.
You can, for example,
Receive repayment of money, if an agreement that hotel wyraziłeś ordered your card for everything takes about minibaru Revolut, but you amount than you could order hotel higher () reasonably expect at the time of expression such -as consent.
We ask you for additional information in order to examine the case.
Within 10 working days from the date on which give us the information we are requesting, we return money or you why we couldn't do that, we will also announce.
For sdd
In case for sdd these circumstances do not necessarily apply.
Unconditional repayment of money, if you will enjoy your contact information us within eight weeks from the date on payments from your account.
Withdrawal of return
If return you the money, and then it becomes clear that you have not, it will be necessary its repayment of withdrawal.
27.
Or ponosicie responsibility if something goes wrong with my account, charter or application Revolut?
We will strive to our services operate continuously and with reasonable rate.
We can not promise that it always will be and that the service will be free from defects.
During service we also rely on certain external entities, which could interfere with our services. sometimes
Always are making efforts in order to solve potential problems with our services, regardless of their cause.
Card Revolut, we'll notify you if you have about any changes in our system, which will have an impact on the ability to benefit from it.
Not bear responsibility for the losses resulting from default by us with our obligations to pay for your account and your account if it can come from: requirement legislative or regulatory; unforeseeable events remaining beyond our control, which could not be avoided at any given time; criminal or any other illegal activities of third parties, resulting in your injury or any other person (unless this has been directly prescribed in this regulation); or blocking your account as a result of compliance with the legal requirements, including those related to combating money laundering and terrorist financing.
If for any reason you can't use his card, we will only responsible for the exchange of charter Revolut.
Responsibility only for the loss that were foreseeable.
For our agreement, we will only responsible for termination of losses, which could we have foreseen at the time of contract or for losses resulting from our fraud or gross negligence.
We won't be responsible to you for any of the following losses, direct or indirect, arising in connection with this regulation: the loss of income or profit; the loss of good name or damage to reputation; the loss of contracts or business opportunities; the loss of expected savings; or injury secondary.
Nothing in this regulation does not remove or hinder our responsibility for the death or injury as a result of our negligence, fraud or false claims and claims.
28.
Why can't you be we owe / should money
You can't lend money in my bank account (e.g.
Make payments which exceed the collected on him, but you can measures) have access to one of our credit products.
If your balance will be negative (for example, if you won't have enough of electronic money to cover the fees due within 7, you've got us) (seven) days of our demands himself required to adjust the amount of power negative.
If you owe us / should money, we can deduct the amount of any amount owed us we have to pay you.
We call it our right to levy charges.
Payment of fees or other amounts that you owe us / should (other than the third parties for making or acceptance of payments)
Charges that may apply, you are listed on our side of the charges.
If you owe us / should charges (other than the charges of third parties for making or acceptance of payments) or any other amount, we take it from your account in the currency of the country in which you live (your base currency).
If in your account does not have sufficient resources in your base currency, we take the equivalent value of your resources in another currency.
If you don't have sufficient funds to my bank account to pay fees or other due to us, we can restore this amount to the amount a different way, as we explained below.
You can bear responsibility for the payment of taxes or costs, which are applied to payments made or received through your account, if their collection is not on our responsibility.
Sometimes if, for example, you are legally resident in the republic of ireland or wypłacasz money through in the republic of ireland, we can withdraw the correct bankomatu, capital duty up to the required by the irish, the tax office.
Worth itself check such opportunities.
If you got to cast the money and do not account or you can't pay claims within zasilisz seven days, we can assert either by:
Amount due from out of the charter; collection
Benefit of us right of set-off charges; or
Other steps in order to recover due to us from you legal means, for example through recourse to the services of lawyers or windykatorów.
When us any (or all) for the above steps we can you therefore justified charged to the incurred costs.
29.
When you can bear responsibility for our losses
Bear our responsibility to you can some losses
If break these rules of procedure and / or will it incurred losses, shall apply by us the following provisions:
You bear responsibility for any foreseeable losses as a result of your action (will would reduce these losses to a minimum); and
You will also be responsible for all reasonable legal costs which will arise as a result of our losses.
30.
Complaints
For your dissatisfaction with our service, we will try to remove problems
Always do all in our power, but we are aware that something you can go wrong.
If you want to lodge a complaint, contact us.
Any sent to us and we we consider action.
Our final answer to your complaint or message clarifying why it was not granted, final answer will be delivered within 15 working days from the submission of the complaint.
In exceptional circumstances, it may occur within 35 working days (in this case, we will inform you of this).
Extrajudicial dispute settlement body in relation to complaints relating to financial services
For dissatisfaction with the way in which we have considered your complaint, you can direct it to the bank of lithuania within 1 (one) year from the date of its dispatch to us.
In this case the bank of lithuania will act as the dispute settlement body for out-of-court disputes between consumers and suppliers of financial services.
His address is: Žalgirio g.
90 09303, vilnius, the republic of lithuania.
You can find more information on its website.
Remember that if you want to have the possibility to the bank of lithuania as out-of-court dispute settlement body, you must send us a complaint within three (3) months from the date on which you'll find out (or you should you should was learn) of the alleged infringement your rights or legitimate interests resulting from the contract with us.
Examining complaints by the lithuania is free of charge.
Body out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes unrelated to the bank of lithuania is the state competences consumer protection.
Address: ul.
Vilniaus 01402, 25, vilnius, the republic of lithuania.
You can find more information on its website.
Or rely on consumer protection rules in force in the country in which the eea live.
You can also lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities dispute resolution procedures which in your extrajudicial consumer complaints related to our country a thorough analysis of financial services.
List of these bodies itself can be found here.
Extrajudicial dispute settlement body concerning the complaints related to the processing of personal data
You entitled to lodge complaints to the state inspectorate protection of personal data ()-lithuanian supervisory authority, which SDPI deals with the protection of personal data.
Address: ul.
L.
Sapiegos 10312, 17, vilnius, the republic of lithuania; e-mail: ada @ ada.lt.
You can find more information on its website.
For more information
Click here to obtain more information about our complaint handling procedures.
Complaints
If you want to talk to somebody about an issue that you, you contact us via the precise application. Revolut
Usually can quickly get your case through the application.
Probably this will require administration us the following information.
If you prefer, you can lodge a complaint with this form.
You can also send us a message to the address formalcomplaints @ revolut.com.
You have to give:
Your full name;
Telephone and e-mail address associated with your account;
Description of the problem being faced;
Time of problem;
Suggested a solution to the problem.
Rozpatrzymy your complaint and will respond to her by e-mail.
Will you communicate in english, unless we will inform you about another solution.
Anyhow always have the right to ask the above out-of-court settlement of disputes in connection with any of complaint concerning our services.
You are also entitled to refer to any competent court, if that right. you would think that break (our)
Some provisions
31.
Authorised to process by us your personal data
To provide services under the agreement, we have to collect information about you.
According to the provisions on data protection are the " controller " your personal data.
More detailed information on the general how they use by us with your personal data can be found in our privacy policy.
You consent to us, in concluding the agreement collection and storage of personal data in order to provide for you your our services.
This does not affect any rights or obligations, both yours, as well as our, in the light of data protection law.
You can withdraw its acceptance by accounts, which will result in termination of the contract concluded closure of between you and us.
If you do that, we will use your data in order to our services, but we can be forced to preserve them for other reasons laid down by law.
Confidentiality
Concluding this agreement, we of the disclosure of other entities with originate group (including Revolut bank uab and Revolut ltd), the following information: Revolut
The fact that you're our client;
Services that provide for you.
The account;
Balances (a) your account;
Operations carried out, or carried out in your name;
Your commitment to us;
Circumstances benefits for you of financial services;
Your financial situation and the assets;
Other commercial information supplied to us by you when opening an account; and
Your action plans, commitments related to debts or transactions with other people.
This information will be where necessary disclosed to carry out financial accounting, audit and risk assessment, or when we make use of shared it systems or technical equipment (servers) or where this is necessary to provide a service.
Everything these secret, " which is called the " client must be protected under the current rules.
Accepting note and in concluding the agreement you confirm that in the absence of changes your preferences in other users who have applications Revolut you on his list Revolut contacts, will know that you're our client.
You can change your preferences at any time.
32.
Our intellectual property
All intellectual property associated with our products (for example, the applications and our web site, our our logo and) is owned by the parent company of our models of cards, ltd (the company set up in england and Revolut wales under number, which has its headquarters at 08804411 7 westferry circus, canary wharf, london, e14, united kingdom) and is used 4hd by the us and other companies belonging to the group Revolut.
You can't use this intellectual property as its own in a different way than the use of our products.
You can't also apply in respect of any of our reverse engineering products (i.e.
Play them after a careful examination of their construction or structure).
33.
Some provisions
Our agreement concluded with you
Just you and we have any rights resulting from the agreement.
Agreement is nature and you can not move any resulting from a registered her rights or obligations to any other person.
Our right to transfer and transfer
Zezwalasz us on the transfer or all our rights and obligations arising from the sale of this regulation for the benefit of any third party.
We any of your and our rights or obligations arising from the contract only if this does not have a significant negative impact on your rights resulting from this regulation, or when we will have to do that, in order to meet any requirement to legal or regulatory.
When transporting the rights and obligations, this is called " nowacją. "
When we just rights we call it " disposal of. "
After notification of assignment his own electronic money. you can lock
Apply right lithuanian
To this regulation and of the agreement applies right the republic of lithuania.
Still you can depend on binding rules on consumer protection, which are eea country in which you live.
Is the english version of the agreement.
If this regulation has been translated into another language such translation is purely for information, and applies english version.
Concluding this agreement and by accepting services, you confirm that you understand english Revolut and agree to Revolut in english in relation to legal relationships that arise from this agreement, including for the purposes of lodging and resolve any complaints.
Our right to enforcement agreement
If break agreement between you and us, and we don't our rights or defer their enforcement, wyegzekwujemy does not prevent us the enforcement of these or other rights at a later date.
To take legal action against us
Legal steps under this regulation may only be taken in the courts, the republic of lithuania (or in the courts any eu member state, in which you live.
Complement personal accounts of Revolut payments uab
1.
What is this addition
Is this addition (hereinafter) to our own rules complementary to you, on your personal accounts approved by personal account e-money Revolut (your account e-money).
This supplement applies for the establishment by you on request in the bank account deposit bank). (Revolut uab Revolut
It defines the method for sending money between your account of electronic money, which you with us, and your account, Revolut bank deposit.
Master, is governed by bank deposit separately by rules of deposits Revolut at the request of the bank. Revolut
The fact that it is " addition " means that it is complementary to our rules of procedure has been accepted by you, but personal accounts does not change him.
This supplement if you accept will come into effect.
We can not provide services described in this document, if it does not accept.
Revolut uab (company registered in payments are the republic of lithuania under number, which has its headquarters at 304940980 Konstitucijos ave.
21b 08130, vilnius, the republic of lithuania (Revolut payments).
Had licensed to issue electronic money and the provision of payment services delivered by the bank of lithuania.
Bank lithuania's central bank and financial supervisory authority the republic of lithuania, based at gedimino ave.
6 01103, vilnius, republic of lithuania, website: www.lb.lt, telephone: + 370 800 50 500.
If you have a credit card, this supplement does not apply and does not affect any action on the sub-account your account of electronic money, which is linked to the credit card Revolut issued in accordance with the rules of credit cards (if applicable).
In accordance with the credit card such balance on your account e-money Revolut sub-account is separated from your account balances on demand deposits
2.
Payment and the disbursement of funds and power accounts
Including chapter set out how your money will be automatically transferred between your account deposits on request in your bank account of electronic money, and Revolut whenever payments will be made from your account of electronic money or produced on them (other than on your account, or bank deposits Revolut). this account
What will become of my past the money?
Accept this addition and then you can register in the bank, we balance your account existing Revolut electronic money in your account deposit at the request of payments Revolut in Revolut bank.
This means that by accepting this complement to transfer existing balances your account us zlecasz electronic money in your account deposit on request in bank, as reported in this Revolut addition.
What happens if i receive payments?
Whenever you or someone else will send money to your account of electronic money, we them on your account deposit at the request of przelejemy in bank. Revolut
All case power accounts (as described in section 12 of the rules of personal accounts).
We will pursue this transfers as soon as possible (and, where possible, immediately).
This means that the money will be stored in your account e-money only temporarily.
That means that by accepting this us payments from your account supplement zlecasz configure electronic money in your account deposit on request in, as described in this addition Revolut bank.
Money sent to your account, bank deposit will be stored for Revolut bank Revolut in accordance with the accepted by you the deposits at the request of the bank. Revolut
Money will not by us stored (apart from beam them by your account of electronic money).
What happens if i send money or i make payments.
Whenever send money using applications (for example, to a bank account external Revolut), you pay a fee for the service (e.g. Revolut
Monthly fee plan metal or premium) or any kind of insurance are set by means of payment (e.g. Revolut
Direct debit, a link to payments or any other method), we immediately sending demands to load zlecasz bank, asking for money from the collection of the Revolut your account deposit at the request of equal to the amount needed to make the payment.
After sending the amount requested from your account deposit at the request of your account for electronic money immediately electronic money, and then immediately you spend it in accordance with the customers pay personal accounts.
Whenever dokonujesz payments using a Revolut, we immediately sending demands to load zlecasz bank, asking for money from the collection of the Revolut your account deposit on request in equal to the amount needed to make the payment.
When requested amount will be sent with your account deposit on request on your account of electronic money, immediately you spend electronic money.
This money will, however, in your account of electronic money for a short time, until their payment to the system of the cards.
As money have already been issued, they will not be available to the issue.
Apparently when sending or do you buy, they will be in your account of electronic money for a very limited period of time after leaving account deposit on request in bank until they have been paid. Revolut
What happens if zasilę account?
You can still account, as described in section to feed into the 12 of the rules of personal accounts.
When do we make money, like other added sent to your account, in accordance with the money as described in section " what happens if i receive payments? "
Above.
Still, you can use the automatic power described in point 12 of the rules of personal accounts.
Whenever remembered your " " balance on request in the bank account deposit falls below set by the amount you Revolut, the auto supply will add money to your account in the normal way.
In chapter 3 below, what is your " " remembered we have described the balance).
What happens if i make exchange?
Whenever ask us to make the exchange using applications, we immediately sending demands burden Revolut zlecasz to bank, asking for money from the collection of the Revolut your account deposit on request in equal to the amount needed to make the exchange.
When requested amount will be sent with your account deposit at the request of on your account of electronic money, electronic money and we will immediately you spend on your account of electronic money and currency conversions then send back on your account deposit the amount calculated at the request of the Revolut bank.
This means that by accepting this us sending expressed quotas for your addendum zlecasz account deposit at the request of bank, as reported in this Revolut in addition.
If payments are set, which requires in accordance with the personal accounts (e.g. those
Buy something in a shop in gbp using his card, but on account of deposit at the request of Revolut you only eur), we are going after the end of money in your account those electronic money account deposit at the request of and before payment in the shop.
3.
What shows the status and my account transaction history?
Following all cash sent between your account deposit on request in a bank account of electronic money. your Revolut
Using this information, " " we retain for you your account balance deposit, Revolut bank.
Balance which in the application, is the sum of your display Revolut balances on " " memorized on request in the bank and deposit account balances on your account available Revolut electronic money.
Used this balance, because these two amounts put together the total amount, which reflect you can spend.
Is also that we balance through our interface open when you are using the api banking access to its accounts through the licensed external supplier.
In order to ensure that the information which you are correct, we are showing you do agree that we have the right to receive from the bank information about your account deposit on Revolut request (including information on any restrictions on your account to deposit or blokadach request and reasons for them).
Agree also that we can send to the same information on your Revolut bank accounts of electronic money.
History transactions displayed in applications will include all made and received by Revolut you payments.
That, however, be simple, on the screen story transactions not automatic transactions between your account deposit on shows demand and the electronic money, as described in section 2.
Instead information is displayed in extracts supporting transactions.
If, for example,
You 5 eur by card in a shop, you'll see purchase in a shop Revolut on the screen transactions, but you won't see linked to the history of the transactions with deposit accounts at the request of the automatic account of electronic money.
You can require us, but by accepting this addition of the statement of transactions automatic you do agree that these transactions will not be made available on the screen history in the application or notification push through Revolut transactions.
4.
When this addition can be terminated.
What happens if i don't, Revolut bank deposit accounts?
This addition is an agreement on how the cash flow between your account deposit on request in electronic money in your bank account and Revolut Revolut payments.
Deposit account if you don't, we can not provide for you at the request of these services.
Therefore if your account deposit on request in bank will be concluded, this addendum also Revolut will cease to apply.
Other provisions of the personal accounts will continue to apply, and we will provide for you services in accordance with them.
What happens if i want to denounce this addition?
Pronounce this if you want to complement, but you want to keep his account of electronic money, let us know about it through the application Revolut.
We need 10 working days for termination of the contract.
After denunciation supplement accounts will continue to exist, and personal staff we will provide for you services in accordance with them.
