Conditions of use (s)
Entry into force: 19 may 2018.
Hello!
This conditions of use (hereinafter conditions) are you and entertainment corporation headquartered at company Rovio Keilaranta, finland, 7, 02150 espoo (hereinafter Rovio) and use of games, relate to your websites forums and related services (hereinafter) services offered by Rovio.
Use of a service is also available at regulated personal privacy Rovio https: / / / privacy, which is incorporated in the www.rovio.com these conditions under this appeal.
In the case of the united states this conditions are binding in section 8 the arbitration clause.
And waiver to the resolution of disputes by means of collective which affect your rights concerning the settlement of disputes.
If you live in the united states, please refer to them carefully.
Unless give up from this condition and if your dispute should not be to exceptions described in section 8, do you agree that all disputes between you and settled in the way of fusion will Rovio arbitration and individual rights to participation by any collective proceedings zrzekasz.
Acceptance of this is a prerequisite for the use of services.
If accept these conditions, proposing that you have completed 13 years.
If you're from 13 to 17 years of age or for any other reason you have no right to espouse constituted by these conditions, proposing agreement that your legal person bearing for you of parental responsibility or guardian and accept these conditions read.
When using the services or by other means and access to it, you accept these conditions.
If you refuse to accept these conditions, you can't use the services or in any other way to obtain access to them.
Unless otherwise stated in the component of the service, services can be taken and make use of them for free, but they may contain certain functions permitting purchases.
When using services via a website social (bw) such as facebook, you must abide by both, as well as its conditions of use of these conditions.
Rovio may publish additional rules concerning specific components of services (inter alia forums, competitions, or members of lottery).
Your right to the use of services is subject to both principles, as this and this additional conditions.
1.
The right to use services
Rovio grants under these conditions, not subject to licensing, you non-exclusive nieprzenośne right and limited to rely on private, on a non-commercial use.
Granted you this rights are subject to conditions.
Not and any additional license in addition to the previously powers.
Rovio retains all rights, titles and shares on services, including, inter alia, any copyright, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, property rights, patents, titles, the right to computer code, audiovisual effects, recitals, forms, form, plot dialogues, names settings, graphic designer and sound effects, musical compositions, recordings from using services, created the moral law, reserved or not, and any application of those.
Unless law clearly does not state otherwise, services could not copy, or distribute any form or reproduce or in full, medium, or in part, without the prior written consent of Rovio.
Rovio reserves all rights, which have not been you this clearly granted.
Services and their contents are licensed, rather than sold.
Accept the fact that you have no rights or title to emerging in services, including content, inter alia, objects and emerging in services or virtual currency which finds its source, both if they have been obtained under the services and bought from third parties. or Rovio
2.
Purchases of services
Rovio can give you the licence in the service, which you can buy for certain goods of virtual real money or to obtain during the game (virtual objects).
Objects virtual shall be made available on the basis of licences and shall be limited, personal, not and and odwołalne nieprzenośne sublicencjonowaniu intended solely for non-commercial use.
Rovio may manage virtual objects, modify or remove them at any time for notification, or without him.
Moving objects is prohibited, unless the services of virtual clearly stated otherwise.
Virtual objects are not equivalent in real money and can not replace them.
Or Rovio, nor any person, or any other entity does not have any obligation to exchange objects for whatever presents virtual of any value.
Rovio is not responsible for acts or loss of virtual objects. hakerstwa
Price availability and objects may change virtual without prior notification.
Lawfully every purchase or withdrawal filed through services is the subject of virtual and sunk.
This accept the fact that the provision of objects for use in services is a virtual, which begins immediately after the purchase, and with all the rights to cancel this process are you giving up after the initiation.
Thus accept the fact that there is no obligation to make repayment for Rovio virtual objects irrespective of cause.
Also accept the fact that you can't get the money, or any other compensation for unused, regardless of whether the virtual objects your loss of licence under these conditions will be voluntary or niedobrowolna.
Request deletion of personal data in accordance with the rules laid down in the privacy policy is linked to the permanent removal of any objects Rovio virtual without the right to repayment can not be more because Rovio data virtual objects with your person.
3.
Code of conduct
Accepting this regulation proposing that whatever happens you won't be:
Benefit-both directly and indirectly with, errors software programmes automatyzujących cheatów match, boots, hacków, or any other unauthorised modów external programs designed to modify or interfere with services
Use services in a manner contrary to the law or regulations
Involve for commercial purposes (including, inter alia, advertising, encouraging people to use or transmission of any advertising content, which includes electronic mail, chains, pyramid spamowanie financial and other schemes alleged rapid money-making)
Involve to unauthorised or unfair purposes, including, inter alia, in order to administration is for another person or entity or otherwise distortion its relationship with any person, entity or services
Distort interfere with, or otherwise adversely affect standard work services or otherwise use services may adversely affect the impression users
Interfere with, or help to interference with action or having to use my computers or servers used in any przeciążaniu to offer or support services.
Take attempts to unauthorised access to services, accounts by other users and computers, servers registered and network services linked to any measures outside the user interface provided by including, inter alia, circumvent or modify Rovio, trying to circumvent or modify and encouraging or helping to any person in circumventing or modification security measures, devices, any technology systems or encryption software forming part of the services
Posting any information, content and other materials (or links to such information or content), which contain shame or excessive violence or are threatening, obscene, oszczerczy prześladowczy, or racial, sexual zniesławiający offensive or religious, or which otherwise raise objections
Toxic engage in behaviour, for example, has posting irrespective of information will customers
Hounding hurt or other individuals and groups, to torture persons, including workers, managers, managers and representatives of customer service, as well as the attempt such action Rovio, support it to him or podżegać
Provide services through any material which infringe any copyright, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, the right to privacy, the right to image or other rights any person or entity, or provide for any other person, including, inter alia, staff, managers and heads Rovio
Without proper legal mandate trying to play, source code, nor dekompilować any of the services or broken dekompletować hakować any technology encryption, security measures or transmitted data-prepared or held by, or to obtain any information from services Rovio using any method that has not been clearly authorised by Rovio
Urge or attempt to persuade other users to make you data to log services or any other personal data
Raise collect or collected of any information on other users of services, including, inter alia, by means of tag, cookies, and similar gifów pikselowych elements that are sometimes referred to as spyware
Posting private data other persons, including data for disclosure of the identity of the personal data (both textual /, graphic), as well as the film or identity documents financial data through services
Take any action which it considers contrary to the spirit and purpose Rovio service, or use the support services in the wrong way. Rovio
4.
Services of third parties
Services may contain links to third parties (including, inter alia, services advertising displayed by third parties) and / or services of third parties may be made available via the service.
These services can include, inter alia, the recording and sharing communication with the media and social media advertising.
These services are appropriate rules of third parties.
See these third parties, as they represent an agreement to regulations between you and the service in question, which Rovio supplier is not a party.
5.
Account and login information
Certain ingredients services may allow accounts or registration in services account (a).
For this purpose may be required password to accounts or use other credentials, which give access to the account (login information).
This proposing that you would not make their data or allow anyone to use the login anyone your data login or account.
Responsibility for retaining data in secret and their use for each login (also in order to make purchases) only on you. is
Rovio may assume that each login made by your data on your account has been made by you, or someone with a login your permission.
Rovio reserves the right to remove the account if it finds the lack of any activity associated with him for 180 days or more in a row.
In such a case, you can lose access to the accounts and / or use objects related to this and you can't get virtual account in this connection, any compensation.
6.
The content of the users
Services may allow you, including, inter alia, the creation of content, form, screenshots and maps match your game (called together content recordings user).
Against recourse to admit this, free from royalties, perpetual Rovio non-exclusive, fully portable and irrevocable subject, worldwide law and existing sublicencjonowaniu licence to use your content in any manner and to any user purposes, including, inter alia, the right to reproduction, copying, adapting,, exercise, display, publishing, modify reporting, and transfer of other methods of viewers by means of transmit any existing and future measures and the dissemination of your content without prior notice or user any compensation.
Unless not explicitly forbids the right, this waive all your legal rights to by, publications, the track your name or in terms of use and use your pseudonym content by the user and other players in relation to the services Rovio and related goods and services in accordance with applicable law.
This licensing for Rovio and subsequent waiver shall remain in force, even after the termination of these conditions.
Company Rovio, her managers, representatives and workers do not adopt and not considering ideas or offer products any kind of unsolicited (for example, ideas for games or other products, plot scenarios, graphic designer, musical or audiovisual works, the concept of or any other material of a creative), in any format and sent any way (unsolicited content).
Please don't send to the company, its content of unsolicited managers, employees or representatives of Rovio.
If nevertheless you sent us, you accept the fact that the content of the content of unsolicited they will not be treated as confidential, regardless of what message to them załączysz.
You accept the fact that such unsolicited content in addition, may be used and exploited by without any compensation for you or any Rovio third party, and you, irrevocable, in the land register, Rovio non-exclusive, free of royalties, subject to full opłaconej and portable (in whole or in sublicencjonowaniu parts), in force throughout the world licences to use, use, reproduction of,,, display and presentation of the content of modifying transmision in all existing as well as unsolicited in future media for any purposes and for the creation of works derivatives based on unsolicited content.
7.
Communication between users and services
Rovio shall not be liable for the behaviour of users of the service and not has taken responsibility for monitoring services at an angle of inappropriate content or behaviour.
Rovio przesiewa and does not monitor content or not and can not be behaviour of users to do that.
Using services at its own risk.
When using the services, you can find on the content of which will be offensive or behaviour or otherwise conflict with your dirty values.
Rovio can benefit from technology aimed at monitoring and / or burning your interactions with services or your talks (including, inter alia, carried out during the use of services) text chat rooms.
This non-reversible agreement to this monitoring and recording talk.
Also that you expect of privacy for you confirm any in the service, including broadcasting content, inter alia, chat rooms and talks voice. text
Rovio reserves the right to browse, monitoring, limiting,, disposal, editing or otherwise discourage deactivation access access to any content made available by the users of the service without prior notice, at any time and for any reason or for no reason.
If Rovio decides-at their own discretion-monitored, after all, not services has taken responsibility for the contents of users of the service and is not obliged to modify the inappropriate content.
8.
Binding arbitration / renunciation of the right to participate in respect of collective
If reside in the united states or are you with any claim against the united states, you accept this Rovio that any legal claim, disputes and other conflicts between you and Rovio resulting from or in any way related services, including conflicts on the application, feasibility or any of these conditions or the date privacy policy (hereinafter " disputes ') will be settled through binding arbitration confidential before belonging to the american association (rozjemcą commercial Arbitration), and not before the court, aaa as described in this document.
Arbitration will be carried out according to the rules of arbitration and, if commercial aaa deems it necessary, additional rozjemca procedures to be followed in the conflicts consumer (hereinafter " the principles and procedures ").
This you confirm that voluntarily and deliberately from the right to trial and to-seise a court of the state or federal.
Costs arbitration will be calculated as cennikiem unless and see that your aaa part in relation to the costs of litigation are too high-in this case the part of your costs, which will Rovio rozjemca considers necessary to arbitration costs were not in relation to the costs overstated the court proceedings.
Rovio also reserves the right to-at their sole discretion,-take their responsibility to cover all the costs of arbitration charged by aaa.
The two parties undertake to cover the costs his own attorneys, unless the existing legal provisions require party to pay up the other side. lose costs lawyers
Arbitration may be carried out in los angeles, california, or, at the request of the user-in the town next where aaa its location is established.
Order peacemaker is final and binding both for you, as well as for and can be accepted as a judgment by Rovio any court proper jurisdiction.
For more information on the aaa, rules and procedures or the declaration of intentions of arbitration, you can call aaa under number or visit the site 800-778-7879 www.adr.org.
Rules binding arbitration of disputes arising from the are excluded:
Rovio violation by in any way of intellectual property rights
Claims linked to the allegations of the theft, piracy, use or infringement of the law on fraudulent activities and unauthorised abuses of the united states (united states computer computer fraud and abuse act or section) or section " code of conduct " these conditions and claims arising from these and
Any redress equity demands.
In such cases, both parties agree that a party may require security claims by way of order or a ban on judicial (or equivalent remedies) in any court with jurisdiction in relation to the other party.
In addition, any party may enforce their rights in court on small claims in respect of the claims within the jurisdiction such eligible for arbitration court instead.
To the extent allowed by the applicable law any disputes should be settled through binding arbitration., confidential individual
This accept the fact that no other clearly disputes may not be combined or associated with your dispute or arbitration block, or in any other way.
User Rovio and this agree that there is no law or the institution does not allow for the settlement of disputes by means of collective proceedings or whose procedures are appropriate for class actions, that there is no law or the institution does not allow for bringing to settle the dispute by an alleged mandate or action of general and that no arbitrage not a private plaintiff may be combined with other arbitrage.
- Can you quit with this commitment to arbitration.
If you do it, or you, or you can not require from the other side of participation Rovio arbitration.
If you want to give up on this commitment, you must inform the Rovio within 30 days from the moment when you started it end.
Resignation should be sent to the following address: entertainment corporation, ATTN: legal department Rovio, 7, espoo, finland 02150 Keilaranta.
Resignation must include your full name, address and clear statement that you take that away from its commitment to arbitration.
To start the arbitration, you have to send a letter to the address entertainment corporation, ATTN: legal Rovio department, 02150 espoo, finland 7 Keilaranta communicated arbitration and a description of the claim.
Of any change in the " binding arbitration / renunciation of the right to participate in respect of collective " 30 days in advance through the services inform Rovio or similar measures.
Amendments will enter into force 30.
, And may involve only all claims, which will arise when 30.
Day.
9.
Suspension and termination of an infringement of the
Without restricting other measures remaining at the disposal of, if it considers that you're breaking Rovio Rovio these conditions, has the right to take any of the following actions Rovio, so individually and in combination, both for the notification as and without him: (i) disposed of, suspend and / or modify your account or elements thereof, (ii) limit, suspend and / or terminate your access to services, (iii) to modify and / or remove any of your virtual objects, (iv) reset and / or modify your progress in the game or granted you benefits and, for example the level or the result of the credit privileges achieved in services.
10.
The availability of services
Rovio may reduce, suspend or discontinue or their components and take the availability of services technical and legal steps in order to prevent users to have access to services, if it considers that they form the risk or Rovio the possibility of legal responsibility, infringe intellectual property rights of third parties or not complied with the letter or spirit of these conditions.
Rovio reserves the right to stop offering and / or use services or their components (for example, games or game) at any time, which functions will involve the automatic your licensing of a such services or their components.
In such a situation, as far as applicable law provides otherwise, does not have to pay for articles of virtual measures Rovio or other objects associated with these services.
11.
Disclaimer
Fully permitted by the law applicable to services are provided in the " current form " without any guarantee or security assurances.
They may be of defects and played with them at their own risk.
Rovio does not grant any apparent, or statutory guarantee (and does not accept the implicit in this respect, responsibility), including implicit guarantees regarding condition of continuous use, accuracy of the data (including the possibility of, inter alia, data), satisfaction with the quality of the localisation pokupności, suitability for any purpose, the inviolability of rights of third parties and (if any) under activity, use or trade.
Rovio niezaburzonego use of services and does not guarantee opportunities does not ensure that services meet your expectations; that the service will be free from any errors or continuous that services will be interoperable or compatible with any other services and that any errors in the services will be corrected.
No oral or a written statement, to its staff and other representatives of not Rovio constitute a guarantee.
Some jurisdiction do not permit such exemptions as above, the content of the maybe you don't end.
In such cases, this exemption applies to you only to the extent permitted by your jurisdiction.
Also in your jurisdiction may you have additional rights and none of these conditions may not affect your rights as a user services. these laws
12.
Limitation of liability
Rovio did not have any liable for any damage special adventitious or access to services, their follow-up arising from the use or incorrect operation, including, inter alia, the material damage, impairment, damage or incorrect working equipment and, to the extent allowed by law, the injury staff, damage to property, the loss of profit, injury of any origin under these conditions, the punitive or services, or to related to this, regardless of whether the result from the act (including negligence), contract, or other causes, and absolute responsibility regardless of whether they are notified of the possibility of such damage Rovio.
For 12. "
The limitation of liability " licensor and other partners are the beneficiaries of external limits of liability laid down above Rovio and may enforce this conditions for you.
In any case, total liability arising from these conditions, the privacy policy Rovio or services may not exceed: (i) the actual prices (if the fee), which had been paid for a licence to use you paid / objects, or (ii) 100 (virtual 100) euro (€ 100).
Exemption and to limit damage are key elements of base agreement between you. and Rovio
Some jurisdiction do not permit the certain exemptions set out above, so can you responsibility they cover.
In such cases, these exemptions liability only to the extent permitted by concern you your jurisdiction.
Also in your jurisdiction may you have additional rights and none of these conditions may not affect your rights as a user services. these laws
This secure, you defend and exempt (and its managers, managers, Rovio representatives, helpers, and employees), operators of liability for join-venture any claim, request, damage and other losses, including any third party, justified the lawyers ' remuneration arising from your use of services or your breach of these conditions.
This does not concern a situation where a claim can not be linked to your party deliberate or behaviour. lax
13.
Property rights and the dmca
, If you think services or their content of ownership, just send us your prejudice the notification to the address: entertainment corporation, the legal department, Rovio 7, 02150 espoo, finland Keilaranta or e-mail to the address: legal @ rovio.com.
Notifications sent to this address will be in the official of Rovio for
The dmca.
Please include in the notification the following information:
Specify which works of copyright concerns declaration.
If your application includes several works, introduce an exhaustive list of.
Specify which infringes copyright, and your material describe, where that key is.
Your description must be enough to could locate material. an exhaustive Rovio
Enter your full name, postal address, telephone number and, if you have, e-mail address.
In content of his place the following statement:
" I have a belief that good-faith the use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
And represent that the information in this notice is accurate and, under the dmca perjury, that i am the penalty of owner of the copyright or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. "
Remember that, in accordance with the law 17 u.
P.
C.
512 (f), if you can testify that the activity or intentionally false infringes copyright, you can bear responsibility applicable, including salaries lawyers incurred by us or users.
If you don't know whether declared material or activity copyright, contact a lawyer prejudice, to use the application to Rovio.
14.
Link leading to products and services to third parties.
Rovio may place on the services leading to external and link services.
This accepting to note that does not provide any guarantees regarding the content, Rovio goods and services supplied by those third parties and that they shall not be approved.
Rovio before you shall not be liable for any loss or injury caused by those third parties.
You ponosisz responsibility for any costs charged in connection with these third parties.
This accepting to note that providing the data to third parties, replace them in accordance with their personal privacy (if any), and that privacy policy these data not applicable. Rovio
15.
Changes in these conditions
Notwithstanding point 8. "
Binding arbitration / renunciation of the right to participate in respect of collective " this conditions may be periodically updated in response to changes in legal, technical or business.
When zaktualizujemy these conditions, we will take appropriate steps in order to inform you of this fact through services or otherwise appropriate to the weight of amendments.
Continuing access to services, or use of them after the entry into force, do you agree to be updated change to conditions.
16.
Applicable law
If reside in the united states, in addition to the point of 8. "
Binding arbitration / renunciation of the right to participate in respect of collective " above this conditions is subject to state of california and the rights of federal irrespective of the conditions conflict-of-law rules.
If you're not a native of the united states, you accept the fact that any disputes between you and will be subject to rights irrespective of the conditions of finland Rovio conflict-of-law rules.
Accept the fact that any claims and disputes in which you against, will be settled only by the court in Rovio town espoo, finland.,
If jurisdiction of your place of residence to impose rules of the law, none of the Rovio provisions of these conditions is not your rights under the laws in force in your place of residence.
17.
Transfer podzielność, and all the
Rovio may transfer these conditions, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time for your permission or without it.
As user you can not move or delegate any rights or obligations arising out of these conditions or privacy policy without the prior written consent of, and unauthorised transfer or delegation are Rovio null and void.
If any of these conditions will be declared invalid or impossible to enforce this condition will be limited or removed within a field, and the other conditions necessary will remain fully valid.
Niewyegzekwowanie any right or provisions of these conditions by Rovio surrender of the its enforcement is not.
This conditions and privacy policy constitute the total agreement between you and on services and replacing all previous agreements Rovio and arrangements between you and Rovio.
Nieskorzystanie niewyegzekwowanie or by any right under these conditions Rovio shall not invalidate its right to exercise those rights.
Surrender such rights may take place only in writing and must be signed by the authorised representative Rovio.
If you have any questions about these conditions, contact us at support @ rovio.com.
