The conditions for using internet ryanair
1.
General provisions
Owner this side is ryanair, irish company registered under number dac, which has its headquarters at 104547 ryanair dublin office, business park, Airside swords, co.
Dublin, ireland (hereinafter " ryanair ").
By use of this part, user agrees these conditions, in particular to comply with the provisions contained in the mouth.
3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 below.
If the user does not agree to comply with these conditions, it shall not and will not benefit from this side.
2.
Exclusive distribution channel via the internet
This page is the only website authorised for sale group (group should be to ryanair flights ryanair: dac, sun, ryanair uk ryanair ryanair and), both individually and Laudamotion with other services.
Websites offering services comparison of prices, may apply to ryanair with a request for establishment of a written licensing agreement, which allows for access to information commercial airline ryanair group, on the price schedules, only for the flights and comparison of prices.
3.
Permitted use
This party may not be used otherwise than for personal purposes and non-commercial.
Using any automated systems or software to obtain data on this side, for commercial purposes (the so-called "
Screen scraping '), is prohibited.
In response to any unauthorised use of this part, ryanair reserves the right to take all necessary measures, including of an action without prior notice of this fact user.
Forbidden is the use of any system and / or software, in order to obtain data from the automated parties for (" scraping, " screen komerycjnych lit. "
Zeskrobywanie, "), regardless of the screen of whether it is operated by third parties.
4.
Reservation to all the rights in order to ensure allowed and / or prevent unauthorised use.
Ryanair reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary, in relation to all the parties involved in the unauthorised of website, without prior notification korystanie, in order to protect their rights and prevent the unauthorised use parties, including the use of locking (which itself, automatically scan websites of third parties, shall screen, causing the parties screen zeskorbywanie zeskrobywanie ryanair by third parties, in breach of the conditions of use websites those or similar actions) and / or the bringing of court proceedings.
5.
Agreement ryanair to carry out investigations for infringements.
Ryanair reserves the right to carry out all necessary investigations, bewzgledne (using technology or otherwise) infringement of these conditions of use.
Through access to this side, you to carry out the necessary investigations by ryanair, zgodnę in order to benefit from this side. niemożliwienia nnieuprawnionego
6.
Intellectual property
All information, data and materials made available under this part (including
Logos names, timetables and price lists, as well as and system) are colouring site protected by copyright, rights to trade marks, rights to databases or other intellectual property rights.
User can benefit from these information, data and material unless this is necessary for the use of the allowed for personal purposes and non-commercial.
Any differently reproduction or use of such information, data and / or materials without prior written approval ryanair is prohibited, would breach of these conditions and may adversely affect intellectual property rights of ryanair.
7.
Links to this site
Is prohibited or operating links to the release of this without prior written approval ryanair.
8.
Limited liability
Ryanair shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use (s) from this party or any other web pages, with which this page is connected, or (ii) of the information provided on this and the other pages.
9.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
Precondition to avail of any website group, including ryanair access to information on flight details, costs, etc.,
Is delegation from the party (including any party uzyskującą access to such information or facilities on its own behalf or on behalf of other persons) exclusive jurisdiction of the republic of ireland and to adapt to the law in that jurisdiction (unless the law consumer otherwise).
Discretion ryanair, according to the unconditional and it may initiate legal acts against any party affecting these conditions in ireland or in a place infringement, or the place of residence of the party concerned and, in the case of more of the parties, the place of residence of any of these parties, and other parties will be subject to the jurisdiction.
For reasons of clarity, if a passenger, the transported or be transported, in connection with a contract with transportation, concluded with either of the group, wants to open an investigation lotnioczych ryanair against air group, on the basis of this line ryanair carriage contract, then this procedure should be carried out by the passenger only in accordance with the montreal convention in 1999, and regulation (eu) no (including the amendments introduced by regulation 2027/1997 no 889/2002) or to such future developments in the montreal convention or regulation, which may be introduced over time.
