Rules for use
Last updated: february 2020
Who are we?
Skyscanner (" we, " " us, " " our, " etc.,
Context-specific) is a service offering the possibility of finding information for travellers internet (including comparison of prices of flights, hotels and car rental) and other services related to travel (" services ") persons throughout the world through their websites, applications and other platforms (" platforms ").
Skyscanner office is not travel and is not responsible for transmitting, setting or monitoring prices relating to any options and related products from travel, which can be located and via the services (" the products to reserve third parties related to travel ").
All products of third parties related to travel are offered by independent travel agencies, airlines, hotels, tour operator or other third parties (" supplier of products for travellers ') under conditions laid down by those third parties.
Services and platforms are offered by private limited liability company limited, Skyscanner established and registered in england and wales, registration no
04217916.
Other entities that directly or indirectly control company, are controlled by Skyscanner or situated along with it under common control, are called below " companies of the group. " Skyscanner
Our data, including the address for correspondence and legal address, can be found on our side of the companies concerned.
These conditions
This conditions (" conditions '), together with our policy privacy policy files and guidance to the community, is governed by cookie user access to services and platforms and the way in which it may benefit from it.
By accessing or use of a service or platforms confirms that read, understand and user agrees to these conditions and rules set out in the privacy policy, policy files and guidance to communities. cookie
Some services and platforms (for example, our products for companies ' for business ") impose on the user Skyscanner other conditions for the use of such services.
In that case, the user will be clearly informed and such conditions shall apply instead of or together with the conditions, depending on the circumstances.
We have the right at any time by our amendments of these conditions of recognition.
If conditions change them and we consider that the most recent version will user as long as it accepted all our amendments to continue to benefit from services or platforms after publication of the changes that we conditions.
If user does not accept all these conditions should not benefit from the services or platforms.
Use of
User may use the services and platforms only in accordance with the relevant rules and for the purposes of legitimate.
In exchange for, by the user consent to compliance with these conditions we him, licences for collection, non-exclusive nieprzenoszalnej accessing and use of services and platforms only to their own private, non-commercial purposes.
We this licence provided that the user agrees:
Involve or platforms in any kind of inappropriate or illegal purpose and should not be included, made available or sent any material: (i) has zniesławiającym,, or likely to cause the opposition of blatant obelżywym any other reason; (ii) an abusive trust or privacy or other rights of third parties, including copyright, rights to trade marks or other intellectual property rights; (iii) in order to advertise or promote yourself or third parties; (iv) which are misleading or false to demonstrate the identity user or in any way imply that the user is sponsored by the company, is with her related by shares or Skyscanner in any other way; or (v) in the case of which the user does not have any rights or authorisations to made available to them in other ways;
Use services or platforms for any purpose commercial or in any way, which could be detrimental to the company or her bring; Skyscanner
Deasemblować make reconstruction source code or otherwise made any software applications, update or dekompilacji devices which are part of available via the service or platforms or, except legally authorised;
Copy distribute, publicly disclosed, sell, rent, or in any other way to use services wypożyczać or platforms, or try to undermine or circumvent any security measures applied to the access restrictions or use by the user of services or platforms;
Use nor disrupt the operation of services or in a way which could damage, platforms locked, break or have a different overload the adverse impact on our systems or security or disturb our other users;
Platforms nor placed on the services or through them any distortive effect or sent code, viruses, worms, horses malicious code, to carry out this so-called trojańskich
Dos spamowania attacks or; or
Remove, change or replace any information on the by, trademarks, names of the firms, logo or other origin marking placed in service or on platforms, or claim or try to conclude that the services or platforms are the parties other than Skyscanner.
User also agrees, do not use any unauthorised automatic computer programs, agents, boots,, other applications or software to scan spiderów, copying, indexing, or in any other way of services or the use of sorting platforms or data contained therein.
Company Skyscanner invested a substantial amount in gathering, processing and the presentation of the thousands of data related to travel and suppliers offers access to such data as a commercial api, so any infringement of this provisions is a serious breach of the conditions and reserves the right to take any steps Skyscanner technical or legal in order to detect and reducing unauthorised automatic access to services and platforms.
If register for the purposes of the use of services or platforms by requiring log account and password user has required to retain data for login and password in a confidential manner and safe.
If user learned that has been infringed security his data to, or for any reason, login suspects that this happened, should immediately inform us of this fact through our Helpdesku.
Services platform and are not intended for children under the age of 16 years and no person at this age can not provide any information in the services or platforms or through them.
Consciously we're not any personal information from children aged under 16 years of age and if we find that we or such information from a child under the age of we received 16 years, in line with our personal privacy. remove them
In insofar as any element of services is on a third party or platforms (e.g.
On facebook or other social service) and apply separate conditions for use of such website, user agrees follow them, irrespective of the conditions.
Release us information
Issue users are serious and the privacy of our always worked in accordance with the relevant provisions on data protection.
User confirms that any personal data (according to the definition in our privacy policy), which shall forward to the services or platforms or via, may be used by the us in line with our policy of privacy.
User shall ensure that all personal data, which we shall, are correct and up to date and that it had all consent, licences or so that we can use that information necessary approval in accordance with conditions, our guidance to the community and with our policy of privacy.
In so far as services or allow the user to placing, transmission platform transfer or otherwise any information sharing, images, video or other data company or other users of services or platforms (Skyscanner " user "), content agrees that the user:
Sole responsibility for the content of the user that, and that there will make any sends materials, is not authorised to make available which or law and which can not afford a licence referred to in section 2 below;
Although all the intellectual property rights relating to content user are owned by the operator or his licencjodawców and user can share their content user to any person, this company group companies and user shall Skyscanner Skyscanner, free unrestricted niewyłącznego perpetual geographically, law, which may be subject to przenoszalnego sub-licence, to accommodate, use, electronically or otherwise, reproducing, distribution, public display of modify,, publication, translation and adapting studies of the whole or any part of the contents of the user (in line with our policy of privacy), including for the purpose of advertising and marketing services or platforms.
For example, we can provide our business partners or other companies of the content of user groups in order to put them on their own Skyscanner sides.
User retains control over content services and sent to the user may cancel at any time by a given by himself or his account Skyscanner. content removal user
Indicated user content user within 48 hours will be removed.
Obligation store, retain, we don't have published or made available to any part of the user sent by the user and user content is responsible for the backup their content of the user.
In insofar as user providing us with any suggestions, comments, improvements ideas or other feedback (" feedback "), transfers all intellectual property rights for feedback on us and confirms that we can use and provide feedback for any purpose by our recognition.
The user can give us feedback by clicking " feedback " or via the bookmarks. our Helpdesku
Property of Skyscanner
Except as specified in other places of these conditions, any intellectual property rights, including, for example, copyright (including copyright for computer software), patents, trademarks, the names of the companies, the right to projects, the right to databases, know-how, business secrets and the right to confidentiality regarding services and platforms (together: " intellectual property rights ") are among the companies or have been wylicencjonowane Skyscanner.
User confirms that, as a result of the use of services or does not have any rights or title to platforms of intellectual property rights, with the exception of a limited licensing of a granted to it under the terms of them.
User also confirms that there is no right of access to any service or platforms in the form of source code, unless it has been disclosed under the licence clearly authorising such access.
Owned by others
Respect for intellectual property rights of others.
If the user has reason to believe that his copyright is infringed by any content as part of the services or platforms, should send a written notification of the alleged infringement to the legal department (legal department) at the address legal @ skyscanner.net.
The user can also contact with us, writing on address:
Skyscanner legal department
Quartermile they place, edinburgh, 15 Lauriston Eh3 9en
To help us solve the issue of the alleged breach and-where applicable-to make the important notice in accordance with the requirements of digital millennium copyright act () (for the purposes of the legal department of the dmca acts as the designated agent), the user should indicate in his notice:
Works whose copyright has been an indication of the opinion user affected;
Indication material and provide information sufficient to us undermines the find him in our services (e.g.
By stating its address or url);
Adequate information to the company could contact the user, such Skyscanner as address, telephone number and-if possible-e-mail address;
Statement user that, acting in good faith, he thinks of dispute use has not been authorised by the copyright holder, his representative or the right;
Only in the case of claims under statement user submitted under penalty-the dmca, that the information provided in its krzywoprzysięstwa notice is true, that he is the owner of copyright or has the right to act on behalf of the owner of copyright, and personal or electronic signature of the user.
An abdication of responsibility for accuracy of prices and guarantee
Recourse to the services and platforms shall be completely at its own risk of the user.
Although we have strict rules on the accuracy of the price to all suppliers products for travelling, who give us data related to travel, and we have made every effort to dialogues in services and platforms or through them were correct and up to date, we can not guarantee the accuracy of or compliance with such true content.
Similarly our forecasts are based on the prices held by us data, which relate to the price trends in the past, but there is no guarantee that our forecasts will prove to be accurate.
We services and platforms on a " in the state in which they are " and clearly we abandon any assurances, conditions and guarantees, clear, including, for example, or implicit guarantee legal title, the absence of any infringement, implicit suitability trade and accuracy of the information, as well as any guarantees on the basis of commercial implicit guarantee or prior the handling the habit of precedent.
As allowed by law does not we any statements and we have not provided any guarantee that the services or platform (a) are accurate, complete and up-to-date; (b) shall always be available; (c) to the expectations of the user; or that (d) are safe and free from any errors defects, defects, viruses and malware.
Forecasting prices
Company Skyscanner may provide user forecasts of flights, if he can set price. alerty
Our alerty are predictions, which we can provide price at any time on the basis of the us data on the past.
There is no guarantee that our forecasts will prove to be as prices and availability of accurate products depends on third parties, as explained above.
Although user may choose to rely on our forecasts, we can not guarantee and we can't guarantee their accuracy and we are not liable for any inconsistencies or lack of availability of laid down by the us prices.
To make their reservations travel through Skyscanner
Company Skyscanner is not the travel and shall not be liable for the options for travel related presented through services or platforms or for fixing or monitoring to be given by us prices.
All products related to travel to third parties and / or the user can find via the services or platforms, reserve are offered by independent suppliers of products for travelers.
Skyscanner helps to make their reservations in product suppliers for, but does not bear any responsibility towards travelling in connection with such bookings user.
Identity of the supplier of products for travellers and conditions for reservations made by the user (" the supplier of products for travellers ') shall be communicated to the user when making the booking; the user should read them and fully understand before turns to make their reservations.
Conditions supplier of products for travellers shall define the rights in relation to the user supplier of products for travellers and explain his responsibility to the for incorrect implementation of reservation or services.
User undertakes to comply fully with the relevant conditions supplier of products for travelling.
User considers that breach of a supplier of products for travellers may result in the cancellation of tickets or reservation, points awarded under the programme or other benefits, as well as frequent flier need to cover the additional charges.
If user has benefited from the platforms to book two or more interconnected products for travel related within 24 hours (e.g.
Flight-and separately and within 24 hours from the first reservation -), this may be regarded as a hotel called "
Combined form of travel depending on, " (where there is user) and may apply the relevant consumer protection law.
Where a combined form may not be covered by the consumer protection travel user in the same way as the reservation flight and through the same hotel together, office (when he may have the benefits of reservation package) cruise.
This means that the user must rely on the fact that each of the suppliers of products for travellers meet its obligations, and that not entitled to legal measures applicable to the organisers or sellers travel packages.
In case of insolvency of one of the suppliers of products for associated with combined form of travel protection available travelling under eu regulations relating to packages may not be applicable.
Restrictions and exemptions responsibility
These conditions describe all the obligations and all the responsibilities with regard to services and company Skyscanner platforms.
Skyscanner accepts no responsibility for any arrangements between user and a third party as set out in by use services or user platforms (including, for example, for agreements made with any supplier of products for travellers).
In case of any problems with the reservation, which you have made or tried to merge via the company, the user considers that should solve Skyscanner such a problem with the provider of products for travellers and that the exclusive right to demand in such circumstances, including redress a refund, have user to supplier of products for and not travelling. company Skyscanner
Any links to other websites and resources of third parties attached to the services or platforms are made available only for your information.
We do not hold control over the content of such websites or resources and does not bear any liability for such site or resources or for any loss or damage resulting from their use by the user.
During using services or platforms user can see advertising material of third parties.
Each reklamodawca sole responsibility for the content of their advertising and company way relinquishing his responsibility for the content of advertising Skyscanner, including, for example, for any errors or inconsistencies missed contained in them.
In maximum permitted by the law we (together with members of our top management, members of the board, staff representatives, the related party with us enterprises, suppliers and third parties), we are foregoing responsibility for (a) any inconsistencies or omissions in the content made available through the services or platforms; (b) any accidents random, accidents, delays, loss or damage extraordinary criminal moral, intermediate adventitious or (including for the lost profits or performance), resulting from savings non-performance of the contract, act (including) negligence, the liability of unauthorised objective or for any other reason, incurred by the user in relation to claiming his access or availing themselves of services or or failure obtain by him access platforms or take advantage of the services or platforms or content available through them.
Subject to these conditions and to the extent allowed by the law of our total responsibility towards in connection with these conditions, the user being granted access to services or platforms, recourse to them or failure by him access to obtain or take advantage of them is limited to the amount of £ (gbp). 100 100
Nothing in these conditions is not limited and does not exclude (a) our responsibility for the death of or personal injury as a result of our negligence, fraud or knowingly of misleading consumers; (b) liability in so far as the law forbids it; and (c) rights laws to relinquish the user.
User liability against us
Subject to these conditions, the user shall be liable to us for any of the operations, claims, costs, the costs, injury, loss and expenses (including, for example, legal expenses incurred by the us or group companies and every member of our Skyscanner top management, board members, staff and representatives of the following or in connection with the use by the user of services or an infringement of the platforms or these conditions.
Termination of the contract
Company Skyscanner shall have the right at their sole discretion to solve with immediate effect of any contract with the user under these conditions, by notifying the user and / or-if the user has the account to which may login-its membership, by blocking access to him by annulling his account and removing any content, which placed in service or user platforms.
Company Skyscanner may at any time and without notice or recourse to suspend the user access or platforms wholly or in part, for example, in order to prevent loading by any content user, in this respect without incurring any liability against the.
Miscellaneous provisions
User considers that its unauthorised use of services or may cause platforms damage or loss after the company Skyscanner niepowetowane and / or parties related to her enterprises or where cash compensation licencjodawców would be insufficient.
Therefore such unauthorised use we and related parties with us by shares and / or licensor (depending on the circumstances) we will have the right, regardless of any other of us legal measures-immediately take against user steps to prevent.
Nullity impracticability (or wholly or in part) of any of the provisions of these conditions will have no impact on the validity or (in whole or in part of) the feasibility of their other provisions.
All or part of the provisions to be recognised by the competent court declared null and void, or be deemed removed from these unrealistic conditions.
These conditions are for the user individual.
User has no right to pass on these conditions in whole or in part to any third party without the prior written consent.
These conditions are all of the agreement between us and user and replace all the previous conditions, provisions the agreements and arrangements relating to the use by the user services or platforms.
In case of any notification that the content of the user, we will immediately take action violate this conditions.
If you have knowledge of any illegal activities or it suspects should contact us via our helpdesku.
Niewyegzekwowanie by us these conditions will not be regarded as the renunciation by the us these conditions nor restrict our right to subsequent enforcement of any of these conditions by us.
Person other than a party to these conditions is no law enforcement.
Irrespective of the country from which the user access or in which relies on or platforms, to the extent permitted by law these conditions and use by the user of the services or platforms are subject to the laws of england and wales, and it is considered that the user surrendered under the jurisdiction of the courts niewyłączną in england and wales as regards the settlement of any disputes that may arise in connection with these conditions.
If user makes use of the services or platforms for commercial purposes or through the unauthorised computer program as described and forbidden in section ' use of services " these conditions, the user shall be subjected to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in england and wales in terms of settling any dispute in connection with these conditions, i think that there is a commercial agreement between us and a user which governs such use and contains other provisions in this respect.
Contact with us
If you wish to obtain additional information about the company or submit suggestions to improve the service we Skyscanner or please contact us platforms through. helpdesku
Alternatively, you can also write to us at the address: they place, edinburgh, 15 Quartermile Lauriston marked " chief legal officer Eh3 9en " (to the main legal counsel).
