Staff services snap group limited
(Refers to users living outside the united states)
The date of entry into force: 10 january 2017.
Welcome!
Nice to see you, you're gonna make use of the application and other products and services, our Snapchat all of which are referred to as " common services '.
This regulation services (by us " conditions '), and we called for it to to inform you of rules governing relations between us.
While we were doing everything that conditions were written in simple language, in certain sections, retains the following characteristic of traditional contract.
There is good reason to: these conditions are indeed a legally binding agreement between the operator and snap group limited.
We therefore ask about their carefully read it again.
Using the services of the user agrees to conditions.
If such consent not talk, should not benefit from the services.
These conditions apply to the user, if you live outside the united states or make use of services on behalf of a legal person established outside the united states.
If you live in the united states or make use of services on behalf of a legal person established in the united states, apply the conditions snap inc.
Arbitrage detail: if the user uses the services of on behalf of the legal person, a legal person is set out in the course of the arbitration clause associated conditions.
1.
Persons entitled to the use of services
Persons under the age of 13 may not create account or to use the facilities.
We can offer additional services additional conditions, the use of them since the completion of a higher age uzależniającymi.
Please therefore an accurate read all conditions
Using the services of the user confirms that:
Is able to enter into a binding agreement with snap group limited.
Is not a person excluded from among persons likely to be recipients of services according to the law of the united states, great britain or the applicable law of another country.
This means that the user may not be placed on the list of entities covered by the sanctions. "
Specially designated nationals ') carried out by the us treasury or be covered by other similar prohibition.
Will adhere to these conditions and of all laws, regulations and rules of local, state, the national and international.
If user makes use of the services on behalf of undertakings or another entity confirms that it is entitled to provide all licence indicated in these conditions and to agree on the conditions on behalf of the undertaking or body.
2.
Right to user
Snap group limited grants user personal, unlimited territorial,,,, free from being an unalienable non-exclusive licence and without a right of odwoływalnej sub-licences, on access to services and their use.
Only aim is to allow the user to reap the benefits of licence the services in the authorised these conditions and our guidelines on use, e.g.
The guidelines for the community.
Software transmitted user it can automatically restore and installed new versions, updates and other functions.
You may be able to configure automatic collection in the device settings.
User can't copy, modify, or sell or any part of our services, as well as wydzierżawiać make engineering or attempts extraction source code software, backward, i think that such restrictions are prohibited by law or user has been our written authorisation for such operations.
3.
Rights granted by the user
Many services allows users to development, sending, posting and storage of content.
User availing themselves of those functions shall retain all property rights to the content of initially him us, however, licensing of a grants them.
Scope of the licence is subject to specific services and selected settings.
For all services other than live, local or other services using first user grants group limited, snap inc. snap
And entities with him unlimited, free, licences and of marketable territorially law, storage, use of grant sub-licences at hostowanie, display, reproduction, modify, adaptation, editing, publication and dissemination of content throughout the exercise by the user of the services.
Licence is granted for a limited goal, which is hosting, developing, provision, and promoting and improving services and exploration and development of new.
Because services and other services using local live, are by their nature, first public services and document public opinion, given to us by events interesting user licence for these services sent to content is broader in scope.
Than those mentioned in the preceding the user gives us also licensed for the creation of subsidiaries, promotion, works, transmission, distribution, sales issue on, exercise and public the sub-licensing of public sent to live, local issue content services and other services using in any content and on all first media and methods of distribution (now known or developed later).
In so far as this is necessary, when you creates, or content in service live, shall send local or other service using first or in the content occurs also provides snap group limited, snap inc.,
Entities associated with them and business partners the unlimited and licence use of name, territorially image and voice of the user.
Means inter alia, that do not enjoy any remuneration from the user group limited, snap, snap inc.
Entities related and business partners if there is his name, image or vote in service, local or other service using first live, whether in or on a platform of one of our application Snapchat business partners.
Additional information on the settings access to content by third parties, the user can be found in privacy policy and on the support.
Although we do not have such an obligation, we can check pan, filter and at any time and remove the content of the user for any reason, including if we consider that the content of these violate this condition.
Regardless of the user is the only person responsible for content, which creates, shall or stored in services. send
Services may contain advertising.
In exchange for allowing the user access to services and use the user agrees that snap group limited, inc., snap
Entities related to it and outside partners may put advertising in, including advertising services on the basis of information to the user personalized have given or which from him or we had.
Because services contain content by the user and other users, provided us advertising may occasionally be displayed in the close to the content of the user.
Opinions our users are very precious to us.
But those who voluntarily give us opinions or suggestions, should be aware that we can use it without any compensation for them.
4.
Content of others.
Most content to our services is created by users, publishers and other third parties.
Regardless of whether they will be shown publicly or privately sent, liability is assumed by the person or organisation which they were transmitted only.
Although snap group limited reserves the right to browse the content of the emerging in services and disposal of these which violate this conditions, not necessarily all of these reviews.
Can therefore not correspond to and does not represent for the content provided through the services by others.
In these conditions and guidelines for the community clearly that we do not want to use services, we would point out the wrong purposes.
Nieprzeglądania fact by all of us content means, however, ensure that the content of the services will be unable to always consistent with our conditions or guidelines.
5.
Privacy
The privacy of users is important to us.
About how to processing by us users ' personal data using services could be learned, by reading privacy policy.
Carefully privacy policy, because we are encouraging the review using our services user agrees to the collection and processing of its data by group limited in the united kingdom and snap snap inc.
In the united states and entities associated with them, and sending them outside, including the country of residence of the user of countries in which may have different rules on personal data protection than in the country of residence of the user.
6.
Respect for the rights of others
Snap group limited respects the fundamental rights of others.
The user can not, therefore, use the services of in a way that:
Infringes the right to image, the right to privacy, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of third parties
Is suppressing, harassment or bullying,
Zniesławia,
Is or nagabywaniu other users. spamowaniu
User must also respect the rights of group limited and to snap her related, including snap inc.
These conditions do not confer user of the right to:
Use brands logo projects, photographs, video or other materials used in our services
Archiving copying, procurement, sending, distribution, sales dissemination, emitting, exercise, the issue, providing or other use any part of the services or the content of the services, with the exceptions set out in these conditions,
The use of services, tools provided in the services or content in services for commercial purposes without our consent.
Summary: the user can not benefit from the services or the content of the services in an illegal manner these conditions, as well as help in such use to third parties.
7.
Respect for copyrights
Follow set the copyright.
We therefore reasonable steps to as soon as possible remove from services materials of other persons, if we stay contrary to the rights of such materials informed.
If snap group limited finds out that one of its users regularly infringes copyright, we shall according to our opportunities, reasonable efforts to close its account.
Enabling users to easily copyright infringements. reporting suspicion
If user suspects that any content in services copyright, which is the owner or break it manages, please to fill in this form.
Alternatively send notification our agent:
Snap inc.
Attn: copyright agent
63 market street
Venice, ca 90291
Email: copyright @ snap.com
Notification sent to an agent for
Copyright must:
Include physical or electronic signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of the copyright holder,
Indicate song copyright, which allegedly have been infringed protected,
Indicate material, which was allegedly infringes copyright or is the subject of measures to, and that is to be removed or affecting the blocked, and information reasonably sufficient to locate that we have material
Include contact details of the reporter, including address, telephone number and e-mail address.
Include personal statement, in which the user in good faith, concludes that the use of material in a way which brought shall take place without mandates from the copyright holder, his agent or legislation
Contain a statement of the accuracy of information included in the notification and, to be responsible for making false declarations, the applicant to act on behalf of the copyright holder.
8.
Safety
We put great effort in order to make services sanctuary for all users.
But we can not such safety guarantee.
Using the services of user agrees to the following restrictions:
User will not be using services for the purposes of illegal or prohibited these conditions.
User will not use the robots spiderów,, or other automated methods or crawlerów scraperów interfaces to obtain access to services or exploitation of these data other users.
Without our written consent user will not be using or develop external application services and content that communicate and the other users
User will not be using services in a manner liable to interfere with the activities of the other users, disturb them, adversely affects the them influence or prevent them from the full exercise of services, or may damage, off or limit overload services. the
User will not benefit or try to benefit from the account user name and password another user without his permission.
The user will not ask other users of the credentials.
User will not include pornographic content, a severe violence, threats, hate speech or incitement to violence.
User will not send viruses or other malicious code or otherwise restrict the security services.
User would not attempt to circumvent any, used by the us methods or gain access to areas filtering the content and functions of services, which is not authorised.
Sondować scan or the user will not, services, systems and susceptibility testing our network for an attack.
User will encourage others to take action not these conditions or such activities to promote. affecting
For user safety we are also investing in the use of its services.
Should not be so make use of them in a way which distract this and result in road traffic offences or security (e.g.
While driving).
Also do not put yourself or others at risk, to create a snap.
9.
User account
User responsible for all activities carried out from his account Snapchat.
It is therefore important that account was adequately protected.
One of the methods security set, which was not previously used strong passwords for other accounts.
Using the services of user agrees that in addition to the according to common sense:
User will not create for themselves more than one account.
User will not create account, if the previous was by us another blocked, unless it has been our written consent.
Without our written consent the user will not buy, sell, rent or accounts, live, Snaps Snapchat wydzierżawiać, the names of account or links to a friend. Snapchat
User won't make his password to others.
User logować to services will not gain access to them through or try to unauthorised application or other firms. customers
If you think someone has access to his account should immediately contact the support Snapchat
10.
Memories
Memories our data storage service that allows a user has access at any time and place for their memories.
Service memories is automatically recorded after consent to these conditions.
Following its inclusion of service throughout the period of holding accounts remains incorporated. Snapchat
Is possible, however, disablement of certain memories in the settings.
One of the options available in service memories is to create an area with restricted access by setting access code as pin, password or a different mechanism.
Effect is similar to the option blocking mobile device; after adjustment of is more likely that reduces access code another person falling in possession of a device user will be able to content, which he enrolled in the area to see with restricted access memories.
Warn, however: if you lost access code, or will forget him code too many times, loses invalid access to content recorded in an area with restricted access.
We do not offer a function recovery to this area code.
For zapamiętanie code corresponds to only a user.
For more information about access codes can be found at the support.
Content user write in service may become unavailable with many memories reasons, for example because of defects in action service or our decision to close the user accounts.
Because we can not promise that the content of the user will always be available, we recommend a separate storage a copy of the recorded in the service memories.
Not promise that the service will be enough to memories pojemna to meet the demand of the user for disk space.
Determine limits space in service so we reserve the memories and altering their from time to time by our sole discretion.
As with other services used by the user of services may result in the area of the seizure of memories and incurring charges for data transmission.
Services memories can not be are.
This means that the user can not use this service to conduct their own services storage and distribution files for third parties.
11.
Fees for data and mobile phones
User responsible for transmission fee payments in mobile, which may bear using our services, including charges for sms and data.
If you're not sure, what are these fees should before resorting to ask the services their supplier mobile.
If you change or mobile phone number, which he used to zdezaktywuje creation of accounts, must within 72 hours Snapchat update your account information for settings, that the messages intended for him is not given to any other person.
12.
Services of third parties
If user makes use of the service, function or supplied by a third party and functionality available through our services (including services, which we jointly with a third person), the relationship between the holder and the person concerned govern the conditions for that person.
Snap group limited and snap inc.
Are not liable for third parties or taken on the basis of the conditions of the action.
13.
Modification and completion of service
Constantly ulepszamy our services and creating new ones.
Means is that we can add to them or removed from their role, the products and, as well as in its entirety functionality be suspended or stopped.
These measures we can take at any time and in this case, we'll try and inform in advance, but not always user this will be possible.
Although we hope that the user will benefit from applications for many years, it may terminate Snapchat these conditions at any time and for any reason, by removing the account.
Snap group limited also may withdraw from this conditions at any time and for any reason.
Although we inform in advance, we can not guarantee user that possible.
Our the right to denounce these conditions means that we can no longer provide user services or impose new or additional restrictions on the exercise by the user of the services.
Can remove user account, for example, because of the longer of inactivity and to block his username at any time and for any reason.
Regardless of who's saying these conditions, both as and snap group limited remain bound by user 3, 6, points 9, 10 and 13 to 22 conditions.
14.
Exclusion of liability
User agrees, in terms of permitted by law to the exemption from liability and the protection of the snap, snap group limited inc.,
Entities associated with them, their members of the board, members of the management, shareholders, employees and agents before all the complaints, allegations licencjodawców, claims, damage, losses costs and expenses (including the professional representatives), associated with caused honorariami or resulting from in any way with (a) the use of services or access to them by the user; (b) the user; and (c) the content of the infringement by the user of these conditions.
15.
An indemnity
While trying to take care of continued availability of services, but we can not and nieuciążliwość promise that we will achieve it.
This service is provided without guarantees of quality and accessibility and, to the extent permitted by law without any kind of guarantees, the explicit or tacit, including, inter alia, implied warranty commercial suitability suitability for any purpose, legal title, enjoyment and not harming rights of third parties or resulting from the guarantee of current commercial practice.
Additionally although snap seeks to ensure user comfort group limited use of services, it or not, we are ensuring that: (and we state) services will always be safe, that's very good; (b) or current services will always work without breaks, disturbances or; or (c), the content of inaccuracies in the content of the information obtained from users or services or through them will be current or accurate.
Snap, snap group limited inc.
And entities associated with them shall not adopt nor be held liable for the content of which user, another user or a third party, shall receives or produces sends stores in services or through them.
User understands and agrees that may face on the offensive, illegal, misleading or for other reasons inadequate, for which the group limited, snap snap inc.
And entities associated with them under no circumstances will bear responsibility.
16.
The limitation of liability
On permitted by law snap group limited, inc., snap
Entities associated with them, and their members of the board, shareholders, employees, related entities, and suppliers are not responsible for the licensor indirect damage, accidental, special, performance, multiple or responsibility of a criminal nature, for compensation direct or indirect loss of profit or loss of data, the possibility, income, reputation or other losses arising from intangible: (a) the use or can not use by the user of the services; (b) access or inability to gain access to services; (c) the conservation or content of other users or third parties in services or through them; (d) unauthorised access to, use or modification of the content, even if the user group limited was informed about the possibility of a snap of such damage.
Total responsibility snap group limited, snap inc.
Or entities associated with them for all claims concerning services does not exceed, in any event, the amount paid by the user snap during the last 12 months or group limited amounts 100 pounds, any of them will be better.
In some jurisdictions exemption or limitation of liability for specific types of damage is not acceptable, and therefore some provided for in this section exemptions and restrictions may not be applicable to the user.
17.
Settlement of disputes.
Arbitration.
In case of problems we encourage talks about them.
User must first make contact with us, and we all efforts to solve the problem. right
Some of our services may be subject to additional conditions containing provisions on dispute settlement specific to the country of residence of the user.
If user makes use of the services on behalf of a legal (and not for personal use, the user and snap agree that in the group limited permitted by law all disputes and claims arising under these conditions, or use of services, or related will eventually be settled under the rules, which is included in this referral lcia point by reference.
Dispute shall be one arbitrator (designated by), the place of arbitration is london, lcia and arbitration shall be conducted in english.
If the user does not agree to this point, can not benefit from the services.
18.
Choice of court
In so far as the parties must be in accordance with this conditions occur to take legal action, both as well as user group limited agree that all snap disputes and claims (with the agreements or other) resulting from these conditions or the use of services or for the related will be settled in court proceedings only in the courts, unless the law forbids english country in which the user lives.
User snap and group limited express their consent to exclusive jurisdiction of the courts.
19.
Applicable law
These conditions and all disputes and claims (under the contract or other) resulting from these conditions or use of services, or related governed by the law of england and wales.
Courts certain countries may refuse the application of the law of england and wales to certain disputes relating to these conditions.
He lives in that country if the user may apply these disputes the laws here.
20.
Partial invalidity
If any provision in these conditions is considered impracticable, this provision will be separated from the conditions and does not affect the validity and enforceability of other provisions of.
21.
Additional conditions for specific services
Because of the wide range of our service, it so happens that we have drawn up for some of these additional conditions.
These additional conditions, provided with appropriate service, becomes part of the agreement between the holder and us if they benefited from these services.
Where additional conditions are contrary to these conditions, they have before them first.
22.
Final provisions
These conditions (including the additional conditions concerning specific services, which are user) constitute a whole agreement between user and snap group limited and replace all the previous agreements.
These conditions shall not create or confer any entitlements for third parties.
Nieegzekwowanie by us any of the provisions of these conditions shall not be considered them off.
Zastrzegamy all rights not specifically granted to the operator.
The user can not pass on their rights and obligations of these conditions without our consent.
Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20170912090637 / https: / / / / / www.snap.com pl-pl terms
