General requirements and rules
General conditions of carriage
Rules and procedures may change at any time.
Although we are working hard, that the information contained on this page is updated and accurate, the company is not responsible for loss or damage, Terravision direct or indirect, arising from the use of the following information.
Click below, in order to refer to the general conditions and rules on the following points:
Definitions
Use of
Services
Tickets and reservations
Access to vehicle
Luggage
Obligations Terravision
Claims
Coupons for passengers
Obligations of passengers
Communication led by Terravision
Applications
Conditions of carriage stansted services
The airport bus express
Terms and conditions Barzi
The Aerobus
Conditions prague airport transfers
Bases bus-terms and conditions
Faroshuttlebus-terms and conditions
Use of
Used in the following terms are defined as follows: dokuencie ' vehicle ': means a vehicle, the bus or another means of transport provided by in which passengers are journey; Terravision " journey, " to which passengers are entitled: trip on the basis of information contained on the ticket; " service ": the activities carried out by the company; " luggage ': any facility that passenger carries with each other during the journey.
Use of
To using transport services travellers must have valid tickets.
Tickets should be taken when a throughout the duration of the journey.
Trip shall be considered completed after leaving the vehicle.
Tickets trips, in the case of the journey is considered completed after leaving the vehicle at the end of the return journey.
Services
Transport:
Terravision passengers are carried on board vehicles who have valid tickets.
Ticket record is agreement between the company and a passenger.
Ticket remain the property must be produced at the request of workers and Terravision company.
The express request ticket must be returned to the workers in Terravision.
Passengers with disabilities.
Disabled passengers, who have not informed about his disability during services, staff may refuse reservation service and carriage. Terravision
Minors
Terravision does not provide services for unaccompanied minors (less than 14 years of age).
Maintainer and other special services are not available.
Everyone under 14 years of age must be accompanied by at least 16 years old, with passenger while their tickets must be reserved together.
Children below the age of 4 years on departure may sit on my knee adult, or, upon payment of the full price ticket, in your own chair.
Children over 4 years of age must have its own place and paid the full price of the ticket.
Auobusu aboard may not be transported seats. '
Animals
Terravision is not obliged to transport of animals in their vehicles, except assistance dogs for the blind and deaf.
Tickets and reservations
The tickets
Ticket enables the use of services and travel indicated on the ticket. Terravision
Modified or damaged expire on indicated on the ticket travel tickets.
Tickets
Tickets should be printed and show staff at the time of the boarding the bus. Terravision
Information on the rules can be found on the website. use tickets
When passengers as a result of delays or for other reasons, who do not benefit from services of time indicated on the ticket, ticket shall be valid for another trip.
If passenger'll be late for the last day of the course ticket is valid on the next day.
Priority boarding passengers are only held by ticket on the date for the course.
Reservation of places
Passengers wishing to place on a bus, must reserve course in good time before the intended date to reserve tickets online travel.
Reservation seats shall be made according to their availability in the course.
Correction tickets
Passengers may modify the date and time travel on the ticket.
In order to make the change of date and / or timing on the ticket, please login to account in advance before travelling. Terravision
Tickets directly purchased at the bus station shall not be modified.
Obligations passenger
Before purchasing the rider should check the accuracy of the on the ticket.
When buying e-biletu on our website, in order to accept transactions make sure whether the visible on a computer screen are correct.
Rules cancellation reservation
Tickets Terravision shall not be reimbursed.
Terravision shall not be liable for initial mistakes committed by during the process of ticket reservations, changes in paseżerów travel plans from the passengers and situations resulting from the delayed or cancelled flights.
Cancellation reservation private transfers for groups:,,, rome fiumicino ciampino civitavecchia
Cancellation confirmed reservation is free only when they will be sent in writing (by e-mail to group @) at least five working days before terravision.eu date reserved transfer.
If request for cancellation transfer will later than five working days before the intended date of travel, customer will be charged a fee of 100 % of the value of cancelled reservations.
Invalid ticket
Passengers must travel with important tickets.
If the check reveals that the passenger has a ticket, it will be asked to leave void bus or on in driver. buy a ticket
False e-bilety
Terravision reserves the right to confiscation held by a passenger, if there are printed e-biletu reasonable grounds for considering him as false.
In addition, who has been held by the passenger, will be prevented from using services false ticket and it may bear the legal consequences of his Terravision act.
Lost ticket
Terravision stipulates with lost or stolen tickets will not be replaced.
For loss or theft of the ticket, passengers who still want to use the services company, they must buy new ticket.
Return policy
Tickets Terravision shall not be reimbursed.
Company Terravision shall not be obliged to reimburse the money due to incorrect booking change travel plans or delayed / flight cancellations.
Access to vehicle
Stops
To vehicle may be out of him exclusively on official aboard and stops along the route, falling by placed special characters.
To passenger is getting on the bus stop and make sure that gets on board an adequate bus.
Map stops are available on the website. Terravision
Late passenger
Should be taken to occur at the bus stop for at least 15 minutes prior to departure time on the bus.
Terravision company is not responsible for courses by passengers due to their late and omitted is not obliged to delay any services due to expectations on late passengers.
Tickets airport: select a suitable hour in order to get to the airport for at least 2 hours before scheduled departure and to secure sufficient time for the briefing and all other formalities related to flight.
Company Terravision shall not be liable for circumstances beyond its control, such as high levels of traffic and traffic accidents.
For non-respect of these recommendations and book, which does not leave enough time transfer to carry out the procedure boarding, customers may not be entitled to any compensation.
In the case of the use of additional forms of passenger transport is responsible for planning travel in order to ensure ourselves sufficient time to transfer and the airport.
Luggage
Maximum baggage
Terravision does not charge for luggage.
There are no restrictions on the number of items of luggage, which may be moved, provided that there is adequate space in the hold.
Little hand baggage is allowed on board a bus, only if may be placed on the shelves over my head, while it can not be security threats.
The evaluation of this state of affairs remains firmly with the driver.
Depending on the availability of on the bus, staff may authorise the transport equipment, reels, bicycles and other ensemble " special " elements of the baggage, held in relevant or, in accordance with current tariff pokrowcach suitcases.
Passengers may contact with in order to determine whether the carriage Terravision baggage is permitted.
Very delicate objects like
Portable tvs and electrical equipment and radio are allowed only if they have ospowiednie dimensions.
Carriage small musical instruments, such as guitars, violins and on board a bus violas, violoncellos is permitted, if the owner has booked the place for them and pay the prescribed fees.
Made wheelchairs and other measures for disabled persons to mobility can be transported free of charge on board a bus.
Bus drivers are required to provide assistance on passengers, but are not obliged to his baggage handling.
For reasons of safety and health protection does not take on board their baggage buses Terravision of a weight exceeding 32 kg or dimensions exceeding 81 cm high, 119 cm in length and 119 cm.
The weight limits do not apply to measures for disabled persons to mobility.
Terravision is not responsible for objects not packed in an appropriate manner, perishable or fragile, or for minor damage on the surface of baggage (for example, external features spots, dirt, arising from normal wear.) indentations
Luggage prohibited
Terravision not carried: firearms, or of any sharp knives, weapons, explosives, chemical substances (with the exception of medicines), drugs or solvents, toxic or harmful substances such as rat poison and infected blood; radioactive materials, corrosive substances, such as mercury, batteries and any other objects, which the company considers to be dangerous and which may cause damage or are unsuitable for this type of transport owing to the importance of the fragility of the substances and perishable.
Elements mentioned above as luggage shall be immediately removed from the vehicle, if not permitted are found on board.
Packaging and identification of luggage
All baggage belonging to a passenger must be properly packed and marked telephone and address of the owner (passenger).
Terravision reserves the right to refuse to accept the luggage, which, after an inspection, fails to meet the above requirements.
All baggage, excluding baggage, should be stored in suitable loopholes luggage bus.
Hand baggage
Hand baggage should be stored in that place alongside passenger and remain at its disposal.
Therefore passenger is only and personally responsible for the loss of baggage.
Recommend bonds such as objects and valuables store cash, jewellery, identity cards, electronics and fake lifesaving medicines, in their hand luggage.
Lost luggage
: Lost baggage on the vehicle or in the bus station, will remain under the care filrmy Terravision.
Passenger if necessary will have to pay a fee service and lost luggage to the address shown surveillance dispatch.
Baggage not telephone a passenger and his address described is removed within one month after a.
Content baggage will be examined and-if it is as dangerous or psującą to assess-within 48 hours removed from such an element of the discovery of luggage.
Luggage found by other passengers and delivered without delay to on-board staff, will also be stored for Terravision vehicle.
Loss baggage must immediately be notified to our staff and confirmed details of all objects within 72 hours after the lost travel in paper form.
It sent to Terravision, via Archimede 164-rome-italy-or by e-mail 00197 at the address: customerservices @ or other electronic mail address and published terravision.eu used for this purpose.
Terravision shall not be liable for lost or stolen objects and luggage.
Terravision recommends that accident luggage at the injury linked to the fact of the relevant transport insurance companies.
Obligations Terravision
Carriage
Company Terravision is required for the carriage of passengers holding valid ticket, together with their luggage in accordance with those rules.
Company is also required to reduce the discomfort and inconvenience to a minimum during the journey.
Delay or reference rates
Timetables published on www.terravision.eu contain hours. approximate
Company reserves the right to change their information to users as well as any of the grounds for amendments, the alternative timetables.
Terravision may also suspend or cancel courses buses, of this fact in good time by informing passengers.
In this case the company may decide to add new courses buses to replace or suspended, extend the validity of tickets passengers.
Terravision shall not be liable for the loss, damage or the costs incurred by passengers due to delays in the implementation of the services or their appeal.
Company Terravision shall not be liable in respect of passengers, who do not have their travel.
Anulacja after the start of the service
Unless happens for reasons beyond the control of companies, if the bus passengers will stop carrying Terravision before reaching chosen by the passenger destination and not continue driving, the company has the right to choose one of the following options: (a) choice alternative means of transport, which guarantees passenger coming to destination; (b) to ensure that the vehicle replacement; (c) the refund of costs incurred by a passenger, (d) a coupon.
The lack of accountability
Terravision is not responsible for the circumstances beyond the control of the company.
Examples events beyond the control of the company: the war or emergency accidents on routes, adverse and exceptional weather conditions, fires and / or damages stops, vandalism, terrorism, unforeseen traffic, technical problems, a riot.
Injury or death
Terravision reward injury incurred in connection with their own negligence in the case of injury or death of the passenger.
Airlines
Terravision shall not be liable for the quality of services provided by the airlines nor for delays or revocation of flights operated by that lines.
Claims
Procedure
Passenger must make and, where necessary, you personally-to illustrate the identity card and documentation related to the flight and travel.
If ticket is issued on behalf of more than one passenger, all passengers must submit a complaint at the same time.
Claims must be submitted in offices or sent by e-mail to the address Terravision customerservices @ terravision.eu.
The complaint must be made within 30 days of leave.
Purchased tickets must be attached to the complaints.
Coupons for passengers
Functions
Each coupon is: personal, with a possible transfer him to a third party, valid for six months indicated on him the date of issue.
Coupons can be used for all services and in rome and Terravision Terracafé florence.
Use of coupons
If passenger wants to use the service, which the price is higher than the coupon, he must pay the difference.
If cost services is lower, the difference in price would be paid out.
Obligations of passengers
Required
Passengers are asked to appropriate behaviour at the landings and on board buses, closely following the instructions provided by the staff Terravision.
Behaviour prohibited
Wrong passengers is prohibited.
By wrong means: threatening or other users, service staff Terravision storage in a burdensome for other passengers, baggage blocking emergency exits or transition between on the bus, the use of the radio, playing the armchairs in loud game, use musical instruments or radio equipment which stand in the way to other users.
Shall not be allowed on board and eating food and napoków bringing.
Severely prohibits the lodging and consumption on board a bus alcohol or drugs on board, and passengers under the influence of these substances will be unable to get aboard the bus.
Terravision reserves the right to refuse access passenger aboard assistance to the bus or, if a passenger that these principles are heedless of leaving.
Responsibility for the behavior of the other passengers
Terravision shall not be liable for actions or omissions committed by other passengers on the bus or at the bus stop.
However that the monitors the conduct of passengers.
Communication led by Terravision
Terravision sends communications general, of changes in the timetable and shall inform passengers cancelled via e-mail to the address given courses to book travel.
Provide e-mail is considered to be an acknowledgement of receipt.
If Terravision did not receive proper e-mail address, check distribution on the internet site or in one of the companies information points www.terravision.eu on 24-72 hours before travelling.
Applications
Indications
Transport contract with the company, the current general conditions is Terravision sought carriage of passengers and baggage, as well as relevant rules and regulations, depending on the specific issues.
This text refers to the general conditions and rules, which are an integral part of the agreement. Terravision
Here there are information on data processing objectives and methods of this process, as well as information on the communication and making available of the data provided (also referred to as " the company " called Terravision) by users during site visits (also called " europass " www.terravision.eu).
Purpose and length of data processing are closely linked to the user on. odwiedzinami
Company may use the data, which gave user in all purposes odwiedzinami on, including in order to ensure that it will have access to all services offered by the window.
Company reserves the right to benefit from these data also in all other legal purposes connected with his.
Terravision if necessary has the right to privacy policy changes as a result of legal developments or sectoral initiatives or IIP and use the methods of collecting the relevant data, change services or technologies.
These differences will enter into force at the time of publication by the company on.
Further recourse to the services offered by Terravision after publication of the update of the privacy policy means that the user is tacit consent to privacy together with the development policy.
It is therefore important to user of personal privacy, thanks to periodically zapoznawał why will have up-to-date information on any changes.
If Terravision essentially and methods for collecting the relevant data and will change the IIP benefit from them, and the management of the relevant data will continue to user IIP be, under which they were collected privacy policy, provided that the user has been informed and did not object to this change.
Have the right, in particular, to:
Data-processing provided for (a) to carry out studies, market research and statistics related to study the level of satisfaction of users and their preferences for service companies;
(B) the processing of data, which gave the user and the information related to navigation on in order to identify profiles commercial and using them in marketing purposes, advertising, promotion and marketing; for this reason, the company can use the so-called "
Cookies " (cookies), which is recorded by computer files in order to monitor navigation on;
(C) information about new functions service and, more generally, of the initiatives of the company.
All data may also be disclosed for the purposes of processing, according to the above information, and within the limits of described above, to third parties, public or private, such as companies, which are market research and statistical companies marketing, advertising, offering services promotion and marketing.
Provision of data and consent to processing, communication and its disclosure for the abovementioned purposes is compulsory under the participation in the project.
Refusal to supply the required data or consent for the processing, communication and refusing to participate in the project and the lack of disclosure means been able to complete activities related to the project.
Personal data of users will be processed in a computer, both online and offline, specifically targeted by the company by persons, such as employees of a company, colleagues and consultants.
Website may contain links, which may contribute to the user other sites.
Site referred to links are on are not under the control of the company and may www.terravision.eu have other privacy policy than that described here.
Therefore company can not be held liable for any infringement of privacy on other than www.terravision.eu.
Furthermore, the company can not in any way be held responsible for the direct communication of personal data or confidential information or of a different nature in parts of the site dedicated to the forum.
Company reserves the right to the disclosure of data provided by the user all third parties who are or its affiliates. buyers of
To demand their rights, such as access and receipt of information as to the origin of personal data, on the objectives and processing methods on the logic used for use of electronic tools to data processing, on the identifying data concerning the controller and persons or categories of persons to whom these personal data may be transmitted and which may refer to these figures, and on the update, rectification, integration, cancellation, transformation and blocking illegally data-including to processed, please contact the data administrator at the following address:
Controller is Terravision. london finance
With contact can be via e-mail at the following address: customerservices @ terravision.eu
Headquarters: park view, the london W37rw 183 -189 vale.
