Conditions under which services
(If you're a user living in the eea, switzerland and the united kingdom)
Last updated: july 2020.
1.
Your relations with us
Tiktok welcome to.
Tiktok platform is leading to the creation and make short films (" platform ').
Reading now conditions under which services (" conditions '), which govern our mutual relations, and act as agreement between you and us, specifying the conditions under which you can get access and benefit from the platform and related websites (such as), services, applications, products tiktok.com and other content (including " services "), which according to our declaration are offered for these conditions.
The service is provided by the company, which offers services in your region (" ' or " we. " Tiktok
People eea and switzerland: services are provided by technology, which is registered in the limited Tiktok ireland based at 10 terrace, dublin, earlsfort ireland, under d02 T380 635755.
The people of britain: services are provided by information technologies, which is the uk limited Tiktok registered in england with headquarters at 125, london, wc2b Wework, kingsway under number 10165711 6nh.
Your service provider can change, if you move to another country and will continue to benefit from our services.
Service shall be provided on private non-commercial use.
For the purposes of these conditions " you " and " your " and their variety means you within the meaning of service user.
These conditions are a legally binding agreement between you and us.
Please accurate consulting them and, if not talk to the not register, i don't get access or don't use any of the services.
2.
Description of the service
Services and the are only intended for people who have 13 years and more.
You can use the services and the platform through mobile applications (" application ") and for Tiktok means of a website (" the web "). Tiktok
Some of the functions are available only in applications.
In addition, certain services or functions may not be available in your country or region.
Different functions may be available in the different versions of services.
Some of the functions are not available for users below a certain age.
Services allow you the creation, publication and dissemination of short films, the use of videos created by other users and the embarkation in interaction with these videos and other users.
Developing and providing films: in particular:
Or import at your service. you can record...
You can edit videos and of filters and additional elements. them into
You can also included in their film from other users, as far as the creator of the content of the the use of its content film will allow for such purposes.
Other users can benefit from your content in their films, if you let on their use for such purposes.
Publish films in services, so that others can users can benefit from it.
Movies accessible to the public will be available in applications and on the website.
You can share their films and films of other persons, which allowed access to, through various services message exchange and on external platforms social media (e.g.
Instagram youtube, facebook, twitter) in accordance with the relevant conditions for the provision.
During publishing the movie you can add a description and tags and various privacy settings.
You can add a short and to its public profile profile picture biograficzną user.
Under the terms of our policy on virtual objects (live) you can broadcast transmission streamować, benefit from a live broadcast, buy functions and exchange them for (" coins presents programme of live broadcasting ").
Using films: you can use the films other users of services.
In particular:
You can use the movies that other users shared or by users, which you're following. publicly
Service is available to you, " in " party personalized which display you on the basis of what the services movies you need.
More information on this can be found in the privacy policy.
Service offered there are other ways to use, e.g. search content
List films other users on their profile, search and the choice of the category.
Transmissions live you can watch other users.
Interaction with other users: you can interact with content users and other users.
In particular:
Message direct: can send messages directly to other users, if you watch.
Polubienia: you can choose like it film.
Comments: depending on the settings other users, for their films. you can put comments
Observation: you can watch to other users.
Users impose restrictions on your profile, if you can monitored only when accept your plea of observation.
Function find friends ": " you can find their friends, using the address book on the phone and on facebook.
Account pro: you can also improve your user account to a free " accounts " pro.
Account pro gives you access to additional functions, such as summary statistics on your content.
If involvement in the stock exchange (" exchange '), the creators of Tiktok, you can use the account menu pro, to obtain access to settings and manage the proposals for the functions stock exchange.
Restrictions services: we are trying to offer services without significant breaks and continuously improve them.
It could therefore happen that the services will be totally or partially not available during certain periods of time because of the planned or unplanned outages, maintenance or in the case of technical difficulties.
3.
Acceptance conditions
By registering with access or use the services, you accept the fact that you can conclude and that actually made of legally binding agreement, to which they shall Tiktok conditions that you have 13 years or more, and also that you accept the conditions and that you agree to compliance with them.
Access to our services and their use, is also our rules communities and policy concerning, details of which can be found directly virtual objects, and where on the platform shall be made available to download, as the platform shop applications on your mobile device.
These additional guidelines and principles are an integral part of this legally binding agreement between you and us.
We also ask that consultation with our privacy policy, because it governs the way in which we are using your personal data.
If you get access to the services or played with them for the company or other body, then (a) " you " and " yours " and their variety and includes both you undertaking or entity, (b) proposing, and that you're the authorised representative of the company in question you guarantee to or entity entitled to bind him, and that you accept these conditions these conditions on his behalf, and (c) your undertaking or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of services, as well as for access to or use of your account by other entities related to the undertaking or entity, including any your employees, agents or contractors.
Although we will always have a copy of our current conditions available on the platform (including " last update '), print or local conditions for its own dossier save a copy.
4.
Changes to the conditions and services
Constantly we innovate and improvement services amending.
Can also make changes to these conditions, for example, updating or through an amendment of regulatory functionality services have an impact on these conditions or services.
We notify in advance, for example by means of notification on our platform, of any significant changes in these conditions or our services, which will be in a significant way for you or substantially reduce adverse access to our services or use of them.
But it must also regularly consult conditions to verify whether or not there has been such changes.
Zaktualizujemy also, " last update ' located at the top of these conditions, in order to reflect the date of entry into force of the latest update of the conditions.
Because we don't allow the use of services by persons who do not undertake to comply with our conditions further your access to the services or the use of them after the date of entry into force of the new conditions means your acceptance of new conditions.
If you refuse to accept the new conditions, you have no longer access to services or benefit from them and to close its account (if applicable).
If the conditions and / or services which we need to introduce to meet the requirements of safety, security, legal or regulatory, we might not be able to tell you in advance, but we will inform you as soon as possible.
5.
Your account on the
To gain access to some of our services or benefit from them, should be set up in our account.
While creating accounts you have to give accurate and up-to-date information.
, It is important to continue (a) and immediately (a) their data and any aktualizował other us in order to ensure their information made available to the timeliness and completeness.
Conditions are also available for you at any time on the platform.
It is important to keep it a secret your password to accounts and not disclose it to third parties.
If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or gained access to your account, you must immediately inform us about this, sending a message at https: / / www.tiktok.com / legal / report / '
6.
Closure of accounts
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to temporary or permanent suspension or closure of a user account or to impose restrictions or restrictions on access to parts or all services for the notification or without the, at any time, for any reason or for no reason, including in the following cases:
If we have good reason to believe that an conditions, or if you violated the objective reasons gives us reasonable grounds for believing that you violated an conditions, including any attached agreement, policy or rules (such as our principles, as well as any community) applicable laws or regulations;
If in your account activities which will be under our sole discretion are causing or may have caused injury or adversely affect the us or to our services or infringe the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights);
In response to the demands of law enforcement authorities or other government agencies in the context of an important procedure;
Because unexpected technical problems or relating to security; or
If in your account are longer periods of inactivity.
In case of persistent suspension or closure of your account user, we'll notify you of this in advance, in order to give you time to gain access to your data and content and on their save, unless we have reason to believe that continue to have access to your account would cause us or our services injury or law enforcement authorities or other government agencies breaches the request, the existing laws or regulations or the law of third parties.
Subject to any rights under the law, you in cases of temporary or permanent suspension or closure, access to your account user name and password any related information or content linked to that account may be suspended or discontinued.
Because we can't guarantee your continuing availability of content, (you should) create backup any securities for -nnaś you content.
If you don't already benefit from our service, you can request the removal of his account via solutions provided on the platform.
You can also contact with us at https: / / www.tiktok.com / legal / report / feedback, and we will give you further assistance and hold you through the process of removing your account.
Please remember that, by selecting remove the account can not be him again and to regain any added their activate the content or information.
7.
Use by you services
Access to services and their use, is this conditions and all the applicable laws and regulations.
You can't:
Have access to the services or benefit from them, if you don't 13 years or more, or if otherwise you can't accept these conditions;
Copy adjusted adjusted, translating, source code, not to dismantle, or create any works based on derivatives dekompilować services, taking into account any files, tables and / or documentation (or any part thereof) or specify or attempt to determine any source code, algorithm, methods or techniques contained in the platform or any of its works, unless such activities will be by derivative us expressly approved;
Distribute, to provide or sell, licence, whole or in part, any services or any of their works of derivatives;
Put on the market rent or service for a fee or benefit from platform wydzierżawiać in order to advertise or carry out any commercial activities, unless such activities will be by us expressly approved;
Involve without our clear,, whatever the purpose or pisemnejzgody commercial, including communication or facilitate nieautoryzowanym all commercial advertising or inciting such cooperation is seeking zamówienialub spamowania;
Obstruct or attempt to interrupt the proper service performance platform to hinder the operation our website or any of the interconnected system of services or any used by us measure in order to avoid prevent or limit access to services;
Include platform or any part of it to any other programme or the product; in this case, then we reserve the right to provide services, the closing of the account or refusal of restrictions on access to services by our sole discretion;
Use any automated system or software, which is operated by third parties or otherwise, in order to raise any data from services for commercial purposes (the so-called "
Screen scraping '.
Zeskrobywanie with screen);
Podszywać under any person or entity or submit their identity or links with false any other person or entity, including give the impression that any content that you place, send, or otherwise, you assign you spread, come from services; udostępniasz
Intimidate torture or other persons, materials has clearly sex, promote promote violence or discrimination on grounds of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
Use or try to use other accounts, services or systems without the consent of, or create a false identity in services Tiktok;
Involve in a way which may pose a conflict of interest for you or for us or undermine objectives services such as
Trade reviews with other users or writing or an instruction to the creation of fictitious reviews;
Use services in order to deliberate,, transmission, distribution, or a reckless niedbałegozamieszczania storage or otherwise making available:
Any material which affect or are likely to affect the provisions in force or the law of another person;
Any viruses, worms, bombs or other logical trojanów malignant or technologically harmful materials;
Any unwanted or unauthorised advertising calls, promotional material, post, spam, chains, the schemes of the pyramid śmieciowej or other forms of inciting such cooperation or seeking prohibited contract;
Any material which affect or may affect copyright, trademarks or other intellectual property of any other person;
Any material which not violate the privacy or personal rights of any other person, including dead;
Materials defamatory any other people, a derogatory, pornographic nienawistnych or inflammatory;
Any material which constitute a criminal offence dangerous action or encourage them or provide instructions, self-inflicted wound in their area;
Any materials, which are deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, in particular, and intimidation, aimed at or trolling harassment, other them injury, call in their harm them fear, concern embarrassment or frustration.
Any material which contain any threats, including the threat of physical violence;
Any material which are discriminatory, including racist or discrimination based on somebody's race, religion, age, sex, disability or sexuality;
Any response, comments of opinions, analyses and recommendations on which you do not have license for or other qualification;
Any material which the exclusive assessment are unacceptable or which restrict or prevent Tiktok any other person from using services, or which may expose, services or their users to any Tiktok injury or any responsibility.
Further to the above your access and use of services must be all the time in line with our community rules.
So we reserve the right, at any moment and without prior notification to permanent or temporary deletion or suspension of access to content, if in our exclusive opinions actually or potentially they infringe these conditions or our rules, community rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights), the applicable laws or regulations, or is otherwise harmful to our services, users or third parties.
8.
Intellectual property rights
Respect intellectual property rights, and we ask you also them respect (a).
As condition for access to services and the use of them, do not infringe intellectual property rights zobowiązujesz any person during the use of services.
Zobowiązujesz not included in the services, for example, any content, which are not your property.
9.
Content
Content Tiktok
In relations between you and Tiktok, images, texts, all the content of the software, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service, copyright, images, audio files, films, music and " appearance ' services, platforms and applications, as well as any intellectual property rights relating thereto (hereinafter " the content of the ") are owned or are Tiktok Tiktok, on the assumption that Tiktok licensed by you or your licensor will (as defined below the owner of the content of the user), which are sent or forwarded via the services.
Used by you content or other materials available under the services Tiktok for any purpose, which were not expressly permitted under these conditions, is strictly forbidden.
Such content and materials shall not be drawn, copied, reproduced disseminated transmitted, broadcast, presented, sold, licensed or otherwise used for any purposes without prior express, written consent from our side, or, where applicable, from our licencjodawców.
We and our so we reserve the absolutely and unconditionally all the rights of the licensor resulting from services and content, which were not expressly granted in Tiktok such content and materials.
Potwierdzasz and that we can generate income, increase you accept goodwill or otherwise increase our profit from the exercise by you of services, including, inter alia,
Through the sale of advertising, sponsorship, promotion, data and presents, and-with the exception of performance in the cases expressly authorized by the us in these conditions or other contract which you can with us-that you have no right to conclude participation in such income, goodwill or any other value.
Also you confirm that, except where expressly authorized by the us in these conditions or other contract which can conclude with us (s) you have no right to obtain any income or other benefits of user (as defined below) or your use of musical works, sound recordings, or clip you through the services, audiovisual provided the content by you, and created the user (ii) you can't enjoy the rights to generate revenues or obtain payment in respect of the content of the service or in any service user third parties (including, inter alia, youtube, facebook, twitter and instagram, other social media platforms) in so far as the content of the user are in any way edited or otherwise through the amended services (including through the use of elements defined below)). (Tiktok
Subject to these conditions, we admit it, limited, and that is an inalienable you niewyłączną, subject to appeal, global licensing further licence and use of access services, including for the collection of platform for the appliance, and allowed to gain access to the content of the only for personal non-commercial use by Tiktok use of services and only in accordance with these conditions.
Tiktok reserves absolutely and unconditionally all rights to services and content, which were not expressly granted in Tiktok these conditions.
Accepting to messages and agreed to the fact that after each language which accounts or these conditions, this licence granted in respect of services you automatically expires.
Under these conditions are not those licences for any rights we sound recordings (and musical works contained therein), which are made available, or via the services.
Copy that and you do agree that when you are viewing content provided by other persons in the context of doing it at its own risk.
Content as part of our services are provided only in general for information.
Not a form of advice, which is to consist of.
Professional specialist advice should be obtained or prior to or not from any actions on the basis of the content of the services.
We have not provided any guarantee or warranty, clear that any actual or assumed (including the content of the user) content of Tiktok is correct, complete or current.
If services contain links to other websites or resources made available by a third party, links are made available for information purposes only.
We don't see or do we have no content available on these sites or in the resources and you copy that and the fact that there are no you accept responsibility for the content.
Such links can not be interpreted as our acceptance of related websites or information that you can get on them or through them.
You say that we have no obligation to pre-selection, monitoring, review and editing published by you and other users on the content of the platform (with regard to content user).
User-generated content
Users may, display or sent (e.g. wgrywać
By streamy) or otherwise made available content as part of the services, including, inter alia,
Any text, photographs, films, audio recordings and musical works contained therein (including films, which contain locally recorded music and audio recordings of personal library), which are sent to the ambient noise or otherwise made available via the service (hereinafter " the content of the "). the user
Take to the and that the users of services may also accept separate all or any part of the content of the user or otherwise made available by you sent via the services in order to create additional content, including the content of the user jointly with other users, which created the user are interlinked and, content generated by you and the user intermingle other users.
Users may also impose music, graphics, stickers, objects (as defined in the wider incorporating the virtual) and other elements policy on virtual objects provided by (hereinafter " elements ") Tiktok in the content, and the user Tiktok pass this content via the services user.
Information and materials, including the content of the user, the user content which contain elements, have not been verified by the us nor Tiktok accepted.
The views expressed by other users concerning services (e.g.
Virtual gifts) through the use of do not represent our views and values.
Whenever when using functions, which allows the transmission or transmission within the framework of services (including the content of the user by certain social media platforms such as facebook, twitter, youtube instagram) or to connect with other users of the service, you must meet the standards specified in point 7 above.
Wgrywać or you can also submit their content, including the content of the user which user, on site or platform Tiktok contain elements operated by third parties.
In this case, follow their content and standards laid down in point guidelines 9 above.
Gwarantujesz that any such a contribution is in conformity with those standards, and that you will be with us responsible (s) and fire us of the responsibility for violations of this guarantee.
This means that you're responsible (s) for any loss or damage which will carry an infringement of the guarantee.
All user content will be treated as non-confidential.
You can't publish content or the services or user platform sent to us that you think is confidential or content of user of property rights of any other person.
By transmitting the contents of the services that you are proposing user owner of the content of an all necessary user or you get (including all necessary licences powers), or any part of a mandate from the owner consent to beam them to services user content sent to forward them with services on other platforms of third parties, and / or to any other use of such content, through or through the user services.
If you have the right to sound recordings, but not to base musical works embodied in such videos, you can't send such sound recordings in the context of services or make them available in any way, unless you have all the powers (including any necessary licences), approval or authorisation from the owner of any part of the data content to beam them to services.
Unless expressly provided otherwise in these conditions, you or your owner content you're still copyright holder user and any other intellectual property rights to the user sent to us, but by sending through services, this originate content of user (s) us and our entities subsidiary, agents, service providers, to partners and other related to third parties, irrevocable, unconditional, free fully marketable non-exclusive (including opportunities), land register, global licence sublicencjonowania use, modify, adapting, reproduction, creating works derivatives, and / or transmission, publishing and / or distribution and other users of the service and third parties set up to display, gain access, use, collection, modification, adapting, reproduction, creating works, publish and / or transfer your derivatives in any format and content of the user on every platform, whether it is well-known, or in the future; (ii) other wynalezionej service users, irrevocable, unconditional, free of charge, register, global non-exclusive licences to use, modify, adapting, reproduction, creating works derivatives, collection, publication and / or
Also us and our subsidiary, agents to originate, service providers, to partners and other related to third parties to use your username, unpaid licence image, and in order to identify you as voting similarities source your content of the user.
For the avoidance of doubt in the previous paragraphs of this law granted include
Right to reproduce sound recordings (and the implementation of mechanical musical works in such phonograms treaty being fixed) and for the public execution and transfer of sound recordings (audience and musical works in them fixed), all free of charge.
This means that you us the right to use the content of the user without the payment you or any third parties royalties, including
Owner copyright to sound recordings (e.g.
Label), the owner of copyright for works (e.g. music
Publishers muzycznemu), an organisation with the right to the implementation of (e.g.
Ascap, bmi,) (hereinafter " pro ") SESAC, pro on sound recordings (e.g.
Soundexchange), or characteristics, as well as any associations, producers and other engineers participants royalty (consciously or not) in involved the creation of content of the user.
Special provisions for musical works and recording artists.
Composer author works or if you are, and you're related to music, you must tell the award pro pro us unpaid licence under these conditions to its content of the user.
Are solely responsible (s) for ensuring compliance with the relevant international obligations of reporting the pro and any other conditions of the pro applicable to you apply.
If przypisałeś an their rights to the music, you've got to get the approval of the publishers music publishers set out in this licence for unpaid conditions to its content or make that this user music publisher of with us to joins of these conditions.
Being wrote music works (e.g.
Wrote an song), does not mean that you have the right to grant us licence under those conditions.
If you're an artist, who signed an agreement with a recording studio, you are only responsible (s) for ensuring that the use of services is in line with your contractual obligations to companies, including, if you'll create new recording through the services for which the recordings your company may submit a claim nagraniowa.
Right ' to the recipient. "
All rights that you us to their content under these conditions, the user shall be granted on a " to the recipient ', which is the owners or operators of third parties do not have a separate responsibility towards you or other third party resulting from or related to the availability of your through such services user content of third parties.
Waiver to the content of the user.
By including the content of the service user waive all your legal rights to prior examination or approval of all measures marketing or promotional materials relating to such content of the user.
Zrzekasz also (to the extent permitted by law) all the rights to privacy, disclosure or other rights of a similar nature in connection with the content user or any part of these rights.
This zrzekasz (to the extent permitted by law) and you will never be personal rights, which you can have in terms of content, which put or otherwise user via the services, nor does it support udostępniasz, maintain or allowed to any action in respect of such individual rights.
Potwierdzasz and also the fact that in certain circumstances you accept we are also entitled to reveal your identity to a third party, which argues that the content of the user or sent by you to our services included constitute a violation of their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
We or authorised third parties, then we reserve the right to be cut,, amendment or rejection of the publication of the content of your clipping according to our recognition or recognition of such third parties.
So we reserve the right to reject, blocks or erases any publication on our platform if, in our view publication is not in compliance with the standards laid down in point 7 (" use by you services ") above.
Additionally we have the right-but not an obligation-by our recognition, to reject, blocks or erases all user (s) content which is in breach of these conditions or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, after informing the or without notification and without any responsibility towards you.
As a result, we recommend behaviour, which are published copies of all the content of the user services for personal, if you want to make sure the permanent access to a copy of such content of the user.
We can't guarantee accuracy, consistency, or the quality of the user and the adequacy of the content of not under any circumstances bear responsibility for the content of the user.
You can control that your content user are publicly available on the services for all other users of the service or accessible only to persons whose zatwierdziłeś an.
To change the default settings access on how the content of the user other users, sharing access should be obtained for privacy settings in and follow the straight and services clearly defined in them steps.
Not bear any liability in relation to any content or the information provided by users of the service and published by the us or on our behalf in any of the services or in another place by third parties.
If you want to lodge a complaint on information and material sent by other users or if there is another problem that you want to get to us to make contact with us at https: / / www.tiktok.com / legal / report / reports.
Our staff is constantly involved in the development and evaluation of ideas and opportunities, which is why we are proud of our products that we pay particular attention to the rights, opinions, comments and suggestions received from the user communities.
If wanted to (a) you contribute to the development of the platform by sending to us or our workers ideas on products, services, functions, modification, improvements, content, improvements, technology, offer content (e.g.
Material acoustic / visual, games and other forms of content), promotion, strategy or the product name / functions or other related documents, graphics, computer codes, diagrams or other materials (including referred to as " feedback "), then the irrespective of records accompanying your information will apply a turning point, so that the following conditions such feedback was clearly understood that status for you, like for us.
Therefore by sending to us feedback you confirm that:
We don't have the duty to verify account or your feedback, as well as their implementation pay you, in whole or in part, for any reason.
Feedback is provided as a secret and we are not obliged to maintain not feedback in confidentiality or to refrain from their use or disclosure in any way; and
Irrevocably originate us unconditional,,,, fully free non-exclusive irrevocable marketable (including opportunities), worldwide and unlimited sublicencjonowania register licence to adapting, duplication, distributing, creating works of derivatives, modify, exercise to the public (including
Based on the " to customers "), to the public, transfer the provision of publicly, and otherwise the application and use of feedback and works derivatives for any purpose and without restrictions, free of charge and without any attribution, including production, use, sale, offering for sale, import, and to promote products and commercial services which contain, in feedback whole or in part, regardless of whether they are in the form of received or modified.
10.
Exemption from liability
Talk assent on defence, exemption from liability and securing, its subsidiaries and mothers, companies Tiktok related and each of their respective executives, directors, employees, representatives and advisers for answering any claims, commitments, costs, expenses and loss (including
Charges legal representation), resulting from breach or relating to the violation by you (or any user your account for any of the services) of these conditions, including, inter alia, resulting from breach or relating to the violation of your responsibilities, statements and assurances.
11.
Exemption assurances
Nothing in these conditions does not affect any rights laws, which: (i) under a contract, you can't change or their; and (ii) to which give you at all times competent (s) as a consumer.
Service shall be provided on a " as is " and not giving you any guarantee nor any statements with regard to them we.
In particular, no nor guaranteed that: we state
Use by you with services will your requirements;
Use by you with services will be timely, safe and free from continuous error;
All information acquired by you, as a result of the use of services will be precise or reliable or free from error; and
Defects operational and functional service user software provided will be removed.
To the extent permitted by law, no conditions, statements, or other provisions (including any guarantees the alleged conditions for a satisfactory quality, suitability for any purpose or conformity with the description) do not apply to services, unless they are clearly set out in the conditions.
Can vary, suspend, withdraw or reduce the availability of all or part of our platform for business reasons and operational at any time, without prior notification.
12.
The limitation of liability
Nothing in these conditions does not prevent or hinder our responsibility for losses, which can not be excluded or limited under existing legislation.
Concerns responsibility for death or injury is caused by negligence or negligence of our workers, our representatives or subcontractors and by fraud or false information.
Subject to the above paragraph, are not with you, you contractual liability, (including negligence), with any non-contractual for law or for any other title under or in connection with these conditions, and provision of services and / or reception in the case of: (i) any loss of profit; (ii) any loss of REPTUACJI; (iii) any loss of income; (iv) any loss of data; (v) any loss of economic activity; (vi) any breaks in doing business; (vii) any loss of reputation business; or (viii) any indirect or loss, regardless of its nature. WYNIKOWEJ
Subject to the first paragraph of this point 12, our overall total (including the contractual liability, DELIKTOWA for failure), under law or for any other title under or in connection with these conditions and the provision of services and / or reception is limited to a higher amount of set out below: (i) the amount paid by your company during the 12 months immediately prior to your TIKTOK claim against companies; or (ii) 100,00 TIKTOK €.
Acknowledge and accept the fact that you accept, subject to the first paragraph of this point 12, don't we have, (including contractual liability), for negligence any non-contractual under law or for any other title for any liabilities, losses, expenses (including legal costs), claims for reimbursement or injury, which may be incurred by you or any other person, resulting from relying or in connection with: relying on the completeness, accuracy or the existence of advertising or as a result of your relationships or transactions, or whose advertising appears REKLAMODAWCĄ sponsor in services; any changes, which we can introduce into services or for the permanent or temporary cessation services (or any of the functions in the services); removal, damage or content or other data stored or transmitted NIEPRZECHOWYWANIA by you or by the use of services; lack of us data on account; or correct his password or data account. NIEZABEZPIECZENIE
Please remember that is being made available only for domestic use our platform and private.
Agree does not benefit from any commercial or business platform in, unless in a clear, written consent... we
If provided by the us defective digital content will damage devices or digital content belonging to you, and this will be due to our lack of due diligence and skills, injury (in this case, you'll be in we'll fix (s) for compliance with our guidance on machinery for us or our service providers supply) or pay you adequate compensation.
However did not have a responsibility for injury, which, in our opinion, could have been avoided by making use of our recommendations in the update of offered free of charge, or for the damage that has been caused by you, if you do not reply) according to the instructions of the installation POSTĘPOWAŁEŚ or if your equipment does not comply with the minimum system requirements prescribed by us.
These restrictions our responsibility towards you apply regardless of whether we have been informed or whether we should be aware of the possibility of such losses.
Responsible (s) for payment of any charges, which may be applicable tariff for the use of our services, including receipt of text messages and charges for the transmission of data.
If you're not sure (s) of those charges, please ask the its service provider prior to the use of services.
13.
Other provisions
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
People the eea and switzerland.
This conditions and any disputes or claims (including disputes and claims arising from non-contractual) or their subject associated with it, shall be governed by the law of ireland, subject to any mandatory provisions of law of the country which zamieszkujesz.
Does not apply the un convention on agreements international sales of goods and any other similar provisions, regulation or the laws in force in any other jurisdiction.
You Tiktok agree that the irish courts and have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims niewyłączną (including non-contractual litigation or claims) under the conditions or in connection with the conditions or their subject to or creation, subject to applicable, the mandatory provisions in the country of residence or your choice which can not be to change the rules governing jurisdiction contractually.
Alternative declaration is the dispute to another dispute settlement body through the european platform for online dispute resolution (odr).
The people of britain.
This conditions and any disputes or claims (including disputes and claims arising from non-contractual) or their subject associated with it, shall be governed by the law of england and wales.
Does not apply the un convention on agreements international sales of goods and any other similar provisions, regulation or the laws in force in any other jurisdiction.
Tiktok agree that you and courts of england and wales have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims niewyłączną (including non-contractual litigation or claims) arising from or in connection with the conditions or their object or establishment.
Alternative declaration is the dispute to another dispute settlement body through the european platform for online dispute resolution (odr).
Open source.
Application contains some software of open source.
Each element of open source software is subject to conditions which can be found in its own licence policy open source.
All of the agreement.
This conditions (including the following extra conditions) are all of the legal agreement between you and Tiktok and conditions which govern shall replace any previous existing services before the specified above date of last update.
Lack of waiver.
Demanding exact use or any failure to comply with the provisions of these conditions (or failure to exercise any other rights or measure on the basis of these conditions) can not be interpreted as a renunciation of any of the provisions or rights under these conditions, nor will prevent or reduce further performance of this or any other rights or legal measure.
Security.
Responsible (s) for configuring its information technology, computer programs and platform in order to access to our platform.
Should be using their own anti-virus software.
Separation of.
If by a court having jurisdiction to such cases stating that sentence any provision in these conditions is incorrect, the unlawful or feasible, such a provision is removed from the conditions without prejudice to terms and conditions of the other provisions will remain the rest of the important and feasible.
Questions?
You can reach us at https: / / www.tiktok.com / legal / report / feedback.
The consequences of termination.
Where a legally binding agreement between you and us, the following provisions conditions shall remain in force, even after the termination of the contract:
Our right to use and disclosure of feedback described in section 9.
Law other users to further of sharing content and any other information available from the user you through services in so far as it was for you fixed prior to the termination of the agreement.
All amounts owed by you to Tiktok
Points 10, 11, 12 and 13.
Additional conditions-app stores
To the extent allowed by the applicable law shall apply the following additional conditions:
Information relating to the apple.
Through access to the platform by means of an apple inc. (
" Apple ") in particular, for information, and you do agree that you take:
These conditions relate to you; and the company is not apple Tiktok party to these conditions.
License granted under these conditions shall be limited to personal, limited, the inalienable right to installations platform, niewyłącznego device authorised by which you have or apple, apple for personal non-commercial use, with you control subject to the rules set out in the terms use service app store apple.
Company apple shall not be liable for its content and there is no platform or service obligations maintenance or technical support in relation to the platform.
Where platform does not respect the relevant guarantee, please tell, and bring your company apple, apple purchase price for possible platform.
In maximum the extent permitted by applicable law firm apple does not bear any other guarantee obligation in relation to the platform.
Apple company is not responsible for examining your claims or third party as relating to the platform or holding or benefit from platform, including (
(A) claims relating to liability for product defects; (b) claims that platform fails to fulfil any of the applicable legislative or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising in the context of consumer protection or similar legislation.
Where third party submits that platform or its possession and use by you violates intellectual property rights of third party, the company will not be responsible for the investigation, apple defence settlement or enforcement of such claims for infringement of intellectual property rights.
Proposing and that (a) you're not-guarantee it in a country that is in violation of the united states government was defined by the american government or as a " terrorist "; and (b) to support you have no record (s) for the american government banned or restricted on any of the parties.
Apple company and its subsidiaries are party to the third these conditions, and the beneficiary on your acceptance of the provisions of these conditions the apple will have the right (and it will be considered as accepted) to enforce these conditions to the right as a beneficiary of a third party you.
Tiktok explicitly allows for the use of a platform for many users via family sharing or similar functionality provided by the company apple.
Windows phone store.
By taking a platform (or its legal successors store windows phone), operated by microsoft, inc.
Or its subsidiaries, clearly you confirm that:
To install and use one copy of the platform for you to a maximum of five (5) devices, which are linked to the killer app windows phone, with that you can use to account microsoft access the windows phone.
Further to the above so we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or taking additional charge.
You confirm that microsoft corporation, the manufacturer and the network operator, there is no obligation to provide your telephone services maintenance and technical support in relation to the platform.
Amazon Appstore.
Amazon Appstore (or by taking a platform for his successors in title), operated by amazon digital services, inc.
Or its subsidiaries (hereinafter " amazon '), clearly you confirm that:
In relation to any conflicts between (a) the conditions of use amazon or other conditions which will determine the amazon Appstore as default licensing conditions for the user (hereinafter " the amazon Appstore eula "), and (amazon Appstore (b) the other conditions and rules in these conditions, conditions shall apply in respect of the amazon eula Appstore your use of platform and can be downloaded from the amazon Appstore; and
Amazon shall not be liable for the compliance with or non-compliance with you (or another user) or Tiktok of these conditions or conditions eula amazon Appstore.
Google play.
By withdrawing platform with google (or play his successors in title), which is operated by google, inc.
Or its subsidiaries (hereinafter " google "), clearly you confirm that:
In relation to any conflicts between (a) the conditions of use google play and policy and programme google or other conditions that google will play as default for the user google play licensing conditions (hereinafter the " conditions '), and google play (b) the other conditions and rules in these conditions, the google play shall apply in relation to the use of platform and can be downloaded from the google play; and
This potwierdzasz that google shall not be liable in respect of the compliance with or failure by you or by (or another user Tiktok) of these conditions or conditions of google play.
