Https: / / / / / en / policies.tinder.com terms intl
Staff
Last updated 01/08/2020
Key amendment to that version: we have changed our legal name on services for members living in japan mg gk japan.
Read summary to our rules go to regulation. summary
Welcome on the Tinder.
If you're living in the european union, this regulation applies to you, and:
MTCH technology services limited (" technology ") MTCH
Wework Charlemont exchange
Charlemont street
Dublin 2 d02 Vn88
Ireland
If you live in japan, this regulation applies to you, and:
Mg japan services gk (' mg japan ") 4f sumitomo Fudosan Azabu bldg minato-ku, tokyo 1-4-1 Mita 108-0073 japan
If you're living outside the european union, this regulation applies to you, and:
Match group, llc (" match group ')
8750 north central expressway, suite 1400
Dallas, tx 75231, usa
Dates (" us ', " we, " " the company " and " ") refer to MTCH Tinder technology, or group according to match mg japan's country of residence.
1.
Consent to conditions).
Assuming account on the mobile, mobile applications on the Tinder or computer (jointly referred to as " service "), comply with the provisions of (i) this zobowiązujesz), (ii) of our privacy policy, policy cookies, arbitration procedures (if they relate to) and advice on safety, which are incorporated into this agreement under appeal, and (iii) any conditions set out and accepted, together with the purchase of additional features, products or services that we provide the service (jointly referred to as the " agreement ').
If you refuse to accept and you don't agree on all the terms of this agreement, don't use services.
So we reserve the right to input from time to time changes to this agreement and services.
We can do this for various reasons, including
In response to changes in the law and requirements in connection with the introduction of new functions or changes in business practices.
Timely version of this agreement will be made available in services in the settings and on the internet, and the user should check regularly gotinder.com, the latest version.
Most recent version is a version with effect.
If changes are important, and relate to the rights and obligations, we will inform the user through appropriate measures in advance of them, including notification via the services or e-mail messages by.
If you decide to use the service after the entry into force of the amendments, this means that you consent to the updated agreement.
2.
Qualified legal to use.
Must be at least 18 years to put on the account and use the services of. Tinder
Assuming account and using the services of proposing and that, zapewniasz:
Include binding agreement with Tinder, you
You don't have the use of the services issued under the law of the united states or in other relevant jurisdictions, it means that your name is not on the list of specially marked citizens.
Specially designated nationals) or that you are outside like the us department of treasury prohibitions
You comply with the provisions of this agreement, as well as any of the existing local, regional, national and international laws, rules and regulations, and
That never stayed convicted of an offence or an offence subject to indicted (or as putting serious crime), the sexual assault or using violence, and that you don't have recorded in a local, regional or national inventory sex offenders.
3.
Your account.
Platform Tinder you can register to benefit from using data logging in to the service facebook.
Selecting this option, you we consent to access and use of certain information from an account in a facebook, including, inter alia, public profile on facebook.
More information on the data collected by the us and how they use can be found in our privacy policy.
Duty user is confidentiality login into the service, and has full responsibility for any action Tinder carried out using the data.
In case of suspicion that someone has access to the accounts should be immediately contact with us.
4.
Modify services and the termination of the contract.
Tinder constantly improves service and shall endeavour to offer new, interesting and useful functions.
Means is that we can from time to time to add new features or improve our products as well as to remove some of the functions.
If these measures do not affect materially rights or obligations of users, we have no obligation to the notification of, before their implementation.
Fully suspend action service we can even what we will user in advance, unless exceptional circumstances, such as safety considerations will us to provide such notification.
You delete an account at any time for any reason, according to the instructions contained in the " settings " in services.
If you have a payment account third party will be necessary to purchases in applications through this type of management accounts (e.g.
Itunes google play), in order to avoid further charges.
Tinder may remove user account at any moment and without prior warning, if it can reasonably be expected that in breach of the provisions of this agreement.
Such reimbursement is not remove the account user made purchases.
When deletion account this agreement shall terminate, in which will continue to apply to the user and Tinder the following provisions: section 4, section 5 and points from 12 to 19.
5.
Security; interaction with other users.
Although Tinder seeks to ensure security, by users functions such as double consensus that allows users to communicate with each other only if both of them will you interest, shall not be liable for the behaviour of users in the Tinder during the use of a service and beyond.
Agree exercised in any relationship with other users, especially when you decide to communicate with them outside service or to see myself.
Also read and comply with its advice on safety zobowiązujesz Tinder prior to the use of services.
Zobowiązujesz that not their financial data (e.g. udostępnisz
Information on their credit card or bank account), and that you won't spill or otherwise send money to other users.
You run full responsibility for their contacts with other users.
Take note that does not work their users in the criminal records TINDER or in any other way examine their history.
TINDER does not provide any guarantees and assurances concerning the behaviour of users.
6.
Rights conferred by a service Tinder.
Tinder grants, in force throughout the world, personal user free of licence fees,,, and an nieprzekazywalną niewyłączną licence for access to odwoływalną sublicencjonowaniu services.
Only aim the license is to allow the user use and to use for services in a manner consistent with the intentions and the provisions of this agreement. Tinder
Therefore user undertakes that it will not:
Use services or any content contained therein, for commercial purposes without our written agreement.
Copy adjusted to transmit, used for the creation of content derivatives, use, by any means to replicate any of in-copyright material, images, trade marks, trade names, service marks or other intellectual property, content or accessible via proprietary information services, without the prior written approval of the Tinder.
Claim or suggest that any talk user are approved by Tinder.
Used any robots, boots, spiders, web,, applications to search and crawlerów scraperów finding information on sites and other hand or automatic devices, proxy methods and techniques of access, search indexing, " data " extraction or in any way duplicate or avoid structure or appearance services and their content. an
Used services in any way, which may interfere with the work, impede or adversely affect service or servers and connected to the network services.
Sent viruses or other forms of code or in any other way to jeopardise malignant security services.
Fałszować headlines or otherwise manipulate to hide source identifiers information sent to or through the services.
Przechwytywać or services without prior written approval of replicate Tinder.
Use metatagów, code or other techniques containing references to or services (as well as any Tinder trademarks, service marks, logo or slogan) in order to anyone in the references Tinder any party and for any purpose.
Adjusted adapted to licence, translating, sell, not to source code, or in any other way, rozszyfrowywać dekompilować any element of services, and also to dismantle focusing on that of others.
Use build software or external influences written by producers or content or other users, information services without our written agreement.
Use obtain access, or publish programming interfaces (api) applications without our written consent. Tinder
Look, check or weak points in our services safeguards test any systems or networks.
Encourage or persuade them to any action which would be in breach, this agreement.
Company may examine and take all possible steps legal decommissioning, in response to the sample accounts including unlawful and / or unauthorised use of services.
Each software that we offer, it can automatically restore and installed amendments, or other new functionalities. updates
You can configure the auto collection settings in his equipment.
7.
Law serwisowi Tinder granted.
Assuming account, you existing worldwide, Tinder serwisowi transferable, subject, free from licence fees and right sublicencjonowaniu licence for hosting, storage, use, copying, presentation, reproduction, adapting, editing, publication, modifying and dissemination of information, which, if the user can charge on facebook, as well as any information which zamieszczasz, or otherwise, przesyłasz prezentujesz (jointly referred to as the " zamieszczaniem udostępniasz) within the services or you to other users (referred to as the "). content together
License under which benefits from the user's non-exclusive, Tinder content with the exception that is exclusive with regard to works created within the framework of the use of services derivatives.
Tinder, for example, will have exclusive rights to discharges from services on which are visible screen the content of the user.
, Furthermore, to prevent the use of the content of the user outside services could Tinder user authorised to act on his behalf Tinder for the misuse of its content taken from services by other users or third parties.
This means a clear mandate, but not imposing an obligation to, to send notifications under 17 u.
P.
C.)
512 (c) (3) (i.e. calls to remove the content) on behalf of the user, if its content will be collected and used by third parties outside services.
Our license on the user rights under the laws in force is subject to his (for example, provisions concerning the protection of personal data in so far as content contain personal data within the meaning of the definition contained in those provisions), and the licence is limited to maintenance, expansion, provision and improvement of services as well as the creation and development of new.
Talk consent to any content that or us to be included in services zamieszczasz powierzasz, can be viewed by other users and all visitors services and benefiting from them (e.g.
Persons who will be content made available by other users). Tinder
Proposing that all the information that you at the time of the creation of a, including the information obtained from the account account facebook, are clear and true, and that you have the right to the insertion of content in services and licence referred to above, originate Tinder.
Understand and talk, that we can monitor and verify any agreed content as within the framework of services. zamieszczasz
Can remove any content, in whole or in part, which in our view infringe the provisions of this agreement, or may be detrimental to the reputation of services.
Agree kindly and respectfully refer to our representatives of customer service.
If we consider that the user refers to of our customer service as offensive or offensive, then we reserve the right to immediately remove his account.
Bearing in mind that allows the user to exploit its services, Tinder user agrees to placing by us by our troops and our external partners advertising in services.
Providing comments and opinions to service for services, do you agree that Tinder used and made available for any purpose it Tinder without providing remuneration.
We Tinder that may have access, store and disclose information on the account and, if this is required under the content of the law, discharge from the user or in good faith, that this type of access, storage takes place in connection with the implementation or disclosure legitimate interests, including: (i) apply to trial; (ii) the fulfilment of the provisions of this agreement; (iii) to respond to allegations that some content infringe the rights of third parties; (iv) to provide answers to the questions addressed to the division of the client; or (v) to protect the rights of ownership or personal security firms or any other person.
8.
Rules for the community.
Using services user undertakes that it will not be:
Use services for the purposes of illegal or the provisions of this agreement,
Use services for any harmful or illegal purposes
Use services in order to exposure to injury Tinder
Affect our, updated from time to time the guidelines for the community,
Spamować, demand money or altered fraud to the detriment of other users,
Podszywać under other persons or entities or posting other persons without their consent. images
Molest hounding,, intimidate, attack,, guys or other people squeezing insult,
Posting any content, which may break or breach of law, including the right to somebody's image, privacy, copyright, law on the protection of trademarks or other contract law or on intellectual property,
Posting content of by hate speech, zastraszających, or pornographic epatujących erotyką.
Posting incitement to violence or containing nakedness, or undue violence. the
Posting racism, fanaticism, hatred, content to promote all kinds of violence inflicted against any group or person mental
Demand disclosure passwords, whatever the purpose or information allowing access to identify illegal for commercial purposes, or the user and made available to the personal data of other persons without their consent,
Use accounts of another user made available or wear more than one account to another user account
Create new accounts in a situation where other user accounts have been removed, unless you have our agreement.
Tinder reserves the right to verify and / or eliminate user accounts, without repayment issued shopping, in case of breach of this agreement, the use of services in the wrong way or behaviour, which in the assessment is against the law, inadequate or Tinder including speech and action, which took place both during the use of services, as well as beyond.
9.
Of other users.
Although Tinder reserves the right to assess and disposal of content that infringe the provisions of this agreement, the exclusive responsibility for the content of them, and user bears zamieszczający can't vouch for its compatibility with the Tinder provisions of this agreement.
If you can find in services content that this agreement, report it through violate tools available in via the contact or services.
10.
Shopping.
General.
Tinder may from time to time offer sale of products and services (" shopping in the application ') through the itunes, google play, charges, fees charged by the direct charged by the operator or other payments authorised by Tinder Tinder platforms.
If you decide to buy in the application, ask for confirmation purchase in appropriate service providers and to confirm the payment methods of payment card or a third party (such as google play or) (" the method of payment ") itunes.
Import will be charged for the purchase of the application to the amount fixed for the selected services (services), together with any taxes on sales or similar, which may be added to the payments due and platform or a third party account upoważniasz Tinder if applicable, for the collection of the amount due.
If buy-outs automatically via the purchase application, renewable subscription account buying will regularly until it charged by subscription of the cancellation.
After an initial period of subscription, and then after the start of each subsequent period subscription, it will be automatically extended for another, the same period, and will be charged by agreed at the time of its purchase of the subscription.
Automatic renewal; automatic payment by card
Subscriptions are renewable automatically, until the abandonment of subscription or cancellation of her.
After purchase subscription for which user agreed to take the amount due at the time the subscription, be collected each month of 24 hours in advance taking into consideration the date of first purchase using the method chosen payments.
Data card payments will be stored and subsequently used for the processing of payment in accordance with the charter automatic.
Reservations on payments may be made to chapter customer service, in the case of payments paid directly to, or to a third party, Tinder such as itunes.
Reservations may also be made to the bank or suppliers who can provide further information on payments, user rights and the deadlines.
You can at any time withdraw his agreement to the automatic payment card unconditionally turning to the settings on the platform or on account of relevant third party. Tinder
You must remember, however, that it will be necessary to regulate any outstanding payments.
To modify or terminate the subscription should be login to account of third party (or go to the settings account) and follow the instructions for the Tinder expression, even if the user or cancellation of the subscription account in our service or removed if removed from its device. the application Tinder
Removing accounts or remove applications from the Tinder Tinder would not notice or cancellation subscription; all amounts established through the selected stop Tinder methods of payment until terminated or cancellation of the subscription or through on the third party accounts Tinder if appropriate.
In case of termination or cancellation, will remain active until the end of the subscription period and will not be renewed the subscription by the end of that period.
Additional conditions in force in cases of direct payments to the platform using the method chosen payments. Tinder
For direct payments to Tinder, Tinder may correct any, platform committed errors or mistakes in the accounts, even after the request for or receiving payment.
If launch return or withdrawal of the charges made by burden the method chosen payments, may immediately and at their own discretion to remove the Tinder user account.
You can edit information on methods of payment in the account Tinder.
If payments can not be made due to the expiry date, the lack of resources or for other reasons and the user has not changes to the information on the method of payment or has not cancelled subscription or, responsible for the unpaid amounts and entitle us to continue using collection updated method of payments.
This may result in the amendment deadlines billing.
Entitle us to obtain information on the furthermore, updated or new expiry dates and numbers credit or debit card provided by the issuer of such cards.
Conditions by which the operator shall make the payments depends on the method chosen payments and may affect them contracts concluded with a financial institution, the publisher of credit card or other supplier of the method chosen payments.
If you live outside the north and south america, agrees that the payments to have been processed through the technology platform Tinder MTCH services limited.
Superlajki and other objects virtual.
From time to time you can have the possibility to restricted personal from being an unalienable, not redeem, licences for the use of " objects sub-licences odwoływalnej, including, inter alia, virtual " (known collectively as the " objects " virtual Superlajków).
Virtual number of objects in any real value does not reflect the account or the number of objects, and real only defines the scope of a user licence.
Unused facilities do not generate any costs, but virtual in accordance with the provisions of this agreement, licence virtual objects expire from the moment when Tinder service or user account will be closed will cease to provide or removed.
Tinder at their own discretion, reserves the right to make charges for the right of access or the use of virtual objects and / or may release virtual objects in return for payment or free of charge.
Tinder may at any time to manage, regulate, modify or remove a virtual objects. control
Tinder shall not be liable to the user or vis-à-vis third parties, in a situation in which will benefit from one of those rights.
The only source of virtual objects is service.
Any purchases and getting filed through services are definitive virtual objects and sunk.
Ensuring virtual objects for use in the service is a service carried out immediately upon confirmation of virtual objects. purchase
User acknowledges that there is no obligation to ensure the refund TINDER for whatever reason, and that will not benefit from repayment of money nor any other compensation for virtual objects lost due to remove the account, irrespective of whether removal or not. it was voluntary
A refund.
Substantially all fees are not reimbursed and there are no purchases export or reimbursements for partially used periods.
Can make an exception, if a request for reimbursement of charges will within fourteen days of subscription transactions or if laws in place the jurisdiction of the user requires the refund.
Subskrybenci as the european union or the european economic area, residents under local laws are entitled to full reimbursement of the non-treatment canceled within 14 days from the date of subscription.
Please note that period shall begin at the time of subscription to activate 14-dniowy.
Buying virtual objects are definitive and sunk.
Requests for a refund:
Buy-outs subscriptions by apple in the case of id, deals with apple and not Tinder returns.
To apply for the repayment of money, go to itunes, click, select " historia purchases apple id, " find a transaction, and choose option " report problem. "
You can also send request at https: / / getsupport.apple.com.
You can also send request at https: / / getsupport.apple.com.
Buy-outs subscription via accounts in the case at the google play directly or through contact with chapter customer service: Tinder with order number from the google play (order number will be in e-mail with confirmation or to google wallet) or applications logując Tinder (by e-mail, you'll find him confirmation).
You can also send or provide signed and dated letter indicating that you, as the acquirer, this agreement, or containing similar content anulujesz.
In addition to the contract in writing should be given e-mail address or a telephone number linked to the account of the user.
Letter to be sent to:,: cancellations, p. Tinder Attn
O.
Box 25472, dallas, texas 75225, usa.
If you take advantage of the right of cancellation (except purchases made by apple id, operated by apple), we will return (or we ask for reimbursement) all payments received, google without undue delay and in any case within 14 days from the date of receipt of the notification of withdrawal.
We return using the same methods of payment which used to carry out the initial transaction. user
Under no circumstances will charge as a result of the refund. naliczali
Could not cancel orders for digital content supply, which are not provided on physical medium if the processing contract has begun with the express, prior agreement of the user and its confirmation that, in this connection, loses his right of cancellation.
For example,
Purchasing virtual objects.
This means that this type of purchases are definitive and do not constitute reimbursements.
Prices.
Tinder leads global business and provides services to the varied user communities.
Our structure may vary from region to region prices, length, the size of the recent promotion in subscription applications and other factors.
Often new functions and prices in order to ensure we users more options payments, if they functionality and benefit from them.
11.
Notice and the procedures for reporting of claims relating to infringement of copyright.
If user considers his song has been copied and set out in the services, in a way which prejudices the copyright, should provide our representative for the
Copyright:
Electronic or physical signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of copyright holder;
Description protected by copyright track of the claim;
Description, where services is material, which claim concerns (this information must be sufficiently precise, so that we can find material that presumption of copyright law); affect
Contact details of the user, including the address, telephone number, e-mail address;
Written made in good faith, a statement that the track was used the user without the consent of copyright holder, his agent or contrary to law; and
Statement user submitted on pain of criminal responsibility for making false confessions, that the information contained in the declaration are correct, and the user you own rights copyright or person authorised to act on his behalf.
Notice infringement of copyright should be sent to the representative for
Copyright e-mail address, telephone number, copyright @ match.com (+ 1) 214-576-3272 or send mail to:
Department legality of copyright (c / o match group legal, 8750 n.
Central expressway, suite 1400 dallas, texas 75231
Repeated infringements will remove the account. the
12.
Exemption from liability.
TINDER offers services can " in which they are " and ", where available, " and to the extent allowed for under existing legislation without providing any guarantees, clear, alleged, in respect of services or other laws (including all content, which contain), including, inter alia, any alleged guarantee a satisfactory quality, marketability, suitability for any purpose or not harming rights.
TINDER declares or not does not ensure that (a) the service will be available continuously, safe and free from error, (b) any defects and errors in the service must be adjusted, or that (c) any content and information extracted from or through the service will be accurate.
TINDER shall not be liable for any content, which you, another user or third parties, include, or through services. send will acquire
User benefits from all the materials taken or otherwise obtained through the service on its own responsibility and its own risk.
13.
Services external actors.
Services may include advertising and promotion of external actors and links to other websites and materials.
Tinder shall not be liable for the availability (or lack of availability of external parties and materials).
If you take advantage of offers an external body, through your relationship services made available will be subject to the rules of procedure of that body.
Tinder is not liable for activities and rules of procedure of external actors.
14.
The limitation of liability.
The maximum allowed for under the laws in force, in any case, nor his entities associated workers TINDER, licensee or suppliers will not be held responsible for any indirect losses, follow-up, resulting in the back, incidental, special or compensation, regardless of whether the alleged has been incurred directly or indirectly, nor for any loss of data, the use of goodwill or other intangible losses resulting from: (i) access or use or lack of access or the possibility of using the service, (ii) action or other users or third parties in the content of the service, through her, or after the use of it; or (iii) unauthorised access, use or changes made to the content of the user, irrespective of whether the TINDER was invited to occurrence of such damage.
In any event, the total responsibility for all claims relating to the user TINDER services does not exceed, in so far as such took place charges sums made to TINDER or $ 100 since the foundation of the amount of the account.
Legal systems in some countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for damage referred to in this connection, some or all reservations and restrictions in this chapter may not recorded apply.
15.
Arbitration waiving of class actions and waiver of the right to process before the grand jury.
Excluding users who live within the european union or european economic area or at any place where forbids applicable law:
The only way of settling disputes arising from all of this agreement or of related (including its) or of services, the alleged infringement is binding arbitration conducted by jams, in accordance with the rules and procedures, with the exception of refined arbitration changes included in our procedures panels.
Only departure from the exclusive arbitration is of side the right to an individual claim against the other side of the competent court case in small claims or in the case of referral for arbitration party may require that corresponding to the dispute centred at small claims, if the claim of the court is under the jurisdiction of the court of small claims court.
If initiation in court adjudicating on small claims will be tabled before being assigned an arbitrator, arbitration will be closed administratively.
If initiation in court adjudicating on small claims is submitted after the appointment of an arbitrator, the conciliator shall determine whether the dispute should remain in the arbitration, whether instead should be decided in court adjudicating on small claims.
Arbitration such will be conducted solely on the basis of written submissions, unless the user or will not benefit from the rights Tinder to make oral statements before arbitrem.
Regardless of whether you decide to arbitration or by the court hearing on small claims, do you agree that in any case, you can't make lead or added to, class actions arbitration proceedings involving block or other representative against serwisowi Tinder.
Using services in any way, you consent to this agreement concerning the arbitration.
Consenting right to go to court you give up as a way of reporting and investigation of any claims made terms (excluding matters which companies may be settled by the courts in small claims). judge
ZRZEKASZ also its right to participate in the actions and other collective proceedings agreements.
Assert Tinder if you claim against outside the court small claims (and the formation of the court asks for the transfer of claims to not Tinder court adjudicating on small claims), on will judge, not a judge or neutral arbitrator jury, will also issue in the context of the necessity of the same arbitrator application of arbitration.
You have the right to due consideration of the case by the arbitrator.
Arbitrator may be granted the same compensation as the court, including the possible appraisal of the request for a decision on (which may include a request to settle on the basis of pleadings of the parties, as well as a request for settlement on the basis of pleadings parties with the submitted evidence), you must, however, that the arbitration are carried out in accordance with simpler procedure compared to processes and other legal proceedings.
Arbitration awards shall be enforced in courts and the reasons for which the court may such judgments are very limited. to
If you want to learn more about the arbitration proceedings, read our arbitration procedures.
Any procedure designed to enforce this arbitration agreement, including the approval, amendment or cancellation arbitral award, may be carried out in any of the competent court.
If for any reason this agreement arbitration was impossible any litigation in which one party is a company (excluding matters which may be settled by the courts in small claims), will judge settled only in the courts or federal state in dallas, texas county.
This irrevocably confirm that these courts were the competent courts in the situation described above.
Platform online dispute resolution made available by the european commission can be found at http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr.
Tinder shall not take part in procedures before dispute settlement authority
Arbitration consumer responsible for users in the european union living or the european economic area.
16.
Applicable law.
Users residing in the european union or the european economic area or wherever our agreement is unlawful, in respect of arbitration to any dispute concerning or related to this agreement or services applies, state of texas, with the exception of the conflict rules us this condition.
Anyhow agreement concluded in point 15 above is arbitration federal law on the arbitration proceedings (federal Arbitration act).
In order to avoid doubt the state of texas do not replace the existing in those jurisdictions legal standards to protect consumers.
17.
The right place.
Excluding users living in the european union or the european economic area, who can make claims in their countries of residence in accordance with applicable law, and excluding which deals with the competent court claim handling of small claims, hearing any claims under or in connection with this agreement, services or link with which a user for any reason Tinder can not be considered to arbitration there shall be handled by the courts or federal state in dallas, american county state of texas.
Both user and Tinder, agree to the surrender of the jurisdiction of the courts in texas and do not recognise those courts as appropriate.
18.
Exemption from liability.
In maximum extent authorised by provisions of the applicable law is to compensate for losses and to protect Tinder, zobowiązujesz our troops, their and our members of the board of directors, representatives of workers and against any, demands, claims, damage, zażaleniami losses, costs, responsibility and expenditure, including the charges for legal aid, caused by resulting or related user access or use of its services, with its content or tampering by him of this agreement.
19.
All contracts; other.
This agreement, together with the personal privacy, cookies and advice on security policy arbitration procedures (), and also if they relate to any conditions stated and accepted by the user at the time of purchase of additional functions, products or services that we offer the services constitutes the contract between the holder and to use the services Tinder.
If any of the provisions of this agreement will be declared null and void, the other provisions of the agreement will continue to be fully established.
Nieskorzystanie by a company with a law or some provisions of the agreement will not mean niewyegzekwowanie renounce such law or order.
User agrees that account on is and that all rights to Tinder nieprzekazywalne account and contained therein content shall expire upon his death.
The conclusion of this agreement does not assumption representation, partnership, joint activities or employment relationship to the conclusion and the user can not make any statement or enter into commitments on behalf of the platform Tinder.
