Terms, conditions and notification concerning of use Tripadvisor
Welcome Tripadvisor on or on the mobile devices together with the relevant applications (including called " "). website
This website is designed to help clients in gathering information on the only travel, publishing opinions on the issues relating to travel, to award, information related to the search for interactive fora podróżniczych reservation and for making reservations.
Site does not serve any other purpose.
Zaimki " we, " " us, " " our " and " name ' refer to the company Tripadvisor Tripadvisor llc, subsidiaries and sites (including called "). " Tripadvisor
Pronoun " you " refers to the client or materials on. publishing website of the visitor
This site is made available, subject to authorisation for compliance with all the conditions, rules and notifications described below in its original form (called together " agreement ").
Visiting site or the use of it in any way is clear our consent to compliance with the conditions of the agreement and studying with its provisions and their understanding.
Agreement read carefully because it contains information on laws rights and their restrictions, as well as user part for existing laws and jurisdiction in the event of disputes.
User who does not accept all the terms and conditions can not to use the site.
So we reserve the right to change or modify content of the agreement in the future, in accordance with these terms and conditions.
User also notes that the continued use of this site following such change is unequivocal acceptance of revised or modified contract terms.
Date update content of the agreement will be placed in the lower part of this site, and the content of the enters into force after its publication updated.
Relevant changes in these terms and conditions of our members, by e-mail address we will inform given during registration message notification or information by placing on.
Routinely check this side, in order to have access to the latest version of the agreement.
Use of website
User making use of this site provides that (i) any information provided by the user on are accurate, up-to-date and complete; (ii) with a accounts on the user will not disclose information concerning accounts Tripadvisor other people and will take full responsibility for the use of its account by other persons; (iii) the user accounts and materials on making registration publikujący shall be at least 13 years and (iv) has the capacity to conclude this agreement, as well as the use of the site in accordance with the conditions and principles set out in this document.
Tripadvisor not collect information on persons under the age of consciously 13 years.
So we reserve the right to refuse access to a and services offered at their own discretion to selected at any time and for any reason, inter alia, for breach of the terms of this agreement.
Copying, transmission, play, duplication, publishing or by the distribution of content or parts of it without prior written approval of Tripadvisor are strictly forbidden.
A request for consent may be sent to the following address:
Director, partnerships and business development
Tripadvisor llc
400 1st avenue
Needham 02494, has, usa
In accordance with these terms and conditions, users do not have any charges for the use of site site.
But on are placed links to websites third parties that are owned and operated by the independent service providers or vendors.
These third parties may charge a fee for the use of certain materials or services provided on.
Therefore prior to the conclusion of any transaction with the third party user should, to the extent recognised by themselves as appropriate or indicated, make sure you will be fees collected.
Tripadvisor may publish on the information relating to the fees due, however, such measures are only objective information, for the sake of convenience of users.
Tripadvisor in any event does not guarantee such information nor is responsible for the correctness of materials or services available on websites of third parties.
Action not
Materials and information published on (in particular messages, data, information, texts, sounds, images, graphics, music, films, maps, icons, software, code and other) as well as infrastructure to the provision of such materials and the information they belong to us.
User hereby declares that it will not adjusted copy, spread, sent,, conducted, not to publish, to display, create work derivatives, submitted a position to license to sell or are any information, software, services or products derived from this website or through her.
Also user declares that it will not:
Use this site or its content for commercial purposes;
Obtain access, monitored or copy content site or published in her information using the robots programmes type spider, or other automated tools or scraper for any purposes, without manual processes to the explicit consent in writing;
Affect restriction of headers action or other safeguards excluding robots care to prevent or restrict access to the site;
Act, which will, or can cause-in our view, excessive or disproportionate burden on our infrastructure;
Create so-called
Deep links to the site for any purpose without the explicit consent in writing;
Ramkować or create any part of the site in another's reflection mirror without prior written consent, or
Attempt modification, translation, editing, adapting, or any software engineering backward dekompilowania dezasemblowania used by in conjunction with the europass or services performed Tripadvisor.
Privacy policy and disclosure
Tripadvisor endeavours to protect the privacy of users.
Any personal data which user put in our website will be processed in accordance with current policies of privacy.
Click here to show our privacy policy.
Reviews, comments and the use of other space of interactive
We are grateful for the comments sent.
Please remember that transmission materials (inter alia reviews hotels, questions, pictures or films, comments, suggestions, ideas, etc.,
Called together " ") to a single through the material transmitted e-mail or publishing them on is clear with the delegation and its subsidiaries, niewyłącznych Tripadvisor, sustainable,, transferable irrevocable and free of charge (a) the use of rights to subject to sublicencjonowaniu sent materials, modification, adapting, translation of their reproduction, dissemination, publishing, of creating the derivatives and public access, and disclosure of material around the world, sent by any methods developed in the future, now known or for any purpose, and (b) use of the name associated with transmitted materials.
User acknowledges that may at its discretion to decide whether to attribution Tripadvisor user by his comments or reviews.
Authorises Tripadvisor to redress from the user in addition, the natural or legal persons which contravene law in the transmitted materials as a result of violations of the conditions Tripadvisor of this agreement.
User hereby declares that sent material and is not confidential or protected ownership.
Tripadvisor not edit nor controls the message text users and distributed via the website published, including rooms sites, and in other forums for notices on boards for communication, and does not assume any liability for the content of these news.
However Tripadvisor, reserves the right to any user or remove on news published materials for any reason, without any notification and at their own discretion.
Site may contain discussion forums, notice boards, services for publishing and other forums, on which the user reviews or third parties may publish reviews on, or other content, the sensations travel, materials or other elements of the site (collectively referred to as " spaces). " interactive
If Tripadvisor made available to the interactive user shall have sole responsibility for spaces and use of interactive use of space at its own risk.
Using space interactive is synonymous with a commitment to nieumieszczania,,,, and not submitting nieprzekazywania disseminate nieprzechowywania on the following materials: nietworzenia and niepublikowania
Messages information and texts, music, sound, pictures, graphics, codes and other materials (called " total ') of the content of false, materials of illegal misleading,,,,,, oszczerczej szkalującej obscenicznej obscene, strong, or calling for napastliwej lubieżnej, harassment of another person, containing threats, or the right to privacy breach of image,,, or in any other obelżywych inflammatory way unacceptable.
Materials clearly recognised in the online community offensive, e.g.
Materials promoting racism,, fanaticism, hatred or violence bigoterię natural in any form, directed against any group or person.
Materials which would promote or contain instructions on the activities, through illegal, unlawful behaviour activities giving rise to liability claims in civil rights violations parties in any country in the world or which in any other way would breach of local, national or international, including in particular the provisions of the american securities commission and stock exchange (sec) or any other rules concerning the exchange of securities, including, inter alia, the new york stock exchange (NYSE) stock market nasdaq or london stock exchange.
Materials containing instructions for illegal activities, e.g.
Production or purchase of illegal weapons, violations of privacy, supply or create computer viruses. people
Materials which may constitute a violation of patents, trademarks, business secrets, copyrights or other intellectual property rights and material of any party.
Materials containing, in particular, illegal or set up without obtaining permission of the landowner work protected by copyright ownership of a copy of another person, e.g.
Pirated programs or references to them containing information on the safeguards extracted music illegally installed a circumvention or pirated music;
Materials whose author going around in another natural or legal person, or in any other way shall a false relationship with the natural or legal person, the light including Tripadvisor.
Unsolicited promotion, for highly news, spam,, known as the wiadomości-śmieci
Chains campaign of political content,, advertising, competitions, lotteries and offers.
Materials containing content marketing or proposals without prior written consent, such as sales
Competitions plants, cash, advertisements and financial proposals of pyramids
Private data of third parties, including in particular the names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, numbers of social security and credit cards.
Content proprietary or available only after the password or hidden parties or images (containing references to or on the other hand),
Viruses damaged data and other harmful, dangerous and destructive files.
Materials not pertinent space in which have been published, and interactive
Materials links or which, for the assessment-(a) infringe records earlier Tripadvisor, (b) are unacceptable, subpart (c) prevent other people free use of space interactive website and (d) or may put, its subsidiaries and / or users on Tripadvisor injury or responsibility of any kind.
Tripadvisor is not liable for materials placed or sent by the user or other persons held, for the loss of these materials or their destruction.
Tripadvisor also shall not be liable for any errors, defamation, slander, defamation, omissions and incorrect, pornographic or content published in deep obscene site.
Interactive Tripadvisor, as a service provider is not responsible for statements or statements published by users for public fora, materials private individuals or any other interactive sides space.
Although Tripadvisor is not obliged to analyse, editing or monitoring materials published or distributed via space interactive Tripadvisor reserves the right to disposal, of translation or editing at their own discretion and without prior notice, all materials supplied or stored on at any time and for any reason or orders implementation of these activities on its own behalf to third parties.
On user has exclusive responsibility for the creation at its own expense backup and material substitution or held on supplied.
Where it is found that the user to moral rights (including law shall be to determine the his own name and the right to the integrity of the track) in connection with the materials, user this declares that (a) does not require such materials, any work derivatives, their improved version or update of the information used their author; (b) does not object against publications, use, or the use of materials, modification which by its licensees, successors in title and Tripadvisor and; (c) for all cesjonariuszy renounces the and confirms that it will not be rights related to copyright personal rights in respect of materials and (d) forever, its licensees, exempt Tripadvisor successors in title and cesjonariuszy with that otherwise claim against Tripadvisor, could be the holder of the moral rights.
All use of space of interactive or other parts of the site in a way which prejudices the records constitutes an infringement and could cause terms of the agreement, inter alia, termination or suspension of the right to use the space of interactive or site.
To make their reservations in third parties via the service TRIPADVISOR
Using options immediate reservation.
Tripadvisor offers users to search, selecting and reservation stages travel from external suppliers without leaving service Tripadvisor.
If the user is not yet a member of the advantages of service, by making through options immediate reservation Tripadvisor reservation becomes a member of this community.
Being Tripadvisor member of the community, the user can travel, the grant to publish reviews for discussion forums, sent materials on the e-mail address its Tripadvisor published and other persons, read and receive intended exclusively for members of the community and newsletters material facilitating, as well as voyage planning to take part in surveys, competitions or loteriach promotion.
Using options reservation is tantamount to an immediate practice described in our privacy policy and all contained conditions and rules here.
User also ensures that is over 18 years old, has the capacity to conclude this agreement and the use of the options immediate pursuant to these conditions and rules, reservation and that all the information that he is true and accurate.
Also user undertakes able to report immediately in order to make the reservation only lawfully reservation for yourself and others, on behalf of which he can act, without prejudice to the right.
Is not allowed to make their reservations using false or fraudulent data and the user undertaking such can be deprived membership Tripadvisor attempt.
User who has an account on, undertakes to protect information concerning accounts Tripadvisor and supervise the use of accounts by other persons, if any, and bear the overall responsibility for this purpose.
User this site, as well as the option, acknowledges that the immediate reservation: (1) or, or its subsidiaries do not assume TRIPADVISOR responsibility towards user or other persons in case of an unauthorised transactions using passwords or user accounts, and (2) the misuse password or may be the cause of any responsibility in respect of accounts and other users. TRIPADVISOR
For via the option of making a reservation immediate information regarding payment and we married reservation to them in order to achieve transaction in the manner described supplier in privacy policy.
Please pointed out that it is the provider, and not, processes and make a reservation. payments Tripadvisor
Tripadvisor and its subsidiaries is not interfering in any way in made reservations, however, reserve the right to cancel or reservation due to the emergence of certain essential nieprzetworzenia circumstances, such as
Where booking is no longer available or when there are reasonable grounds to believe that a request for a reservation is a used fraudulently.
Tripadvisor also reserves the right to take the necessary steps to verify the identity of the user with a view to processing reservation.
Had was a situation in which reservation at the time the contract, but would be available at the time of reporting in the hotel would be unavailable, the only solution is contact with the supplier in order to make another reservation or cancellation of reservation.
External suppliers.
Tripadvisor is not the travel and does not provide or does not have the services from the transport and accommodation.
Although Tripadvisor are displayed on information about objects held by external suppliers, a website allows some of them, to make their reservations in the exercise of options and websites partner these immediate reservation in no way imply, did not suggest nor means guarantees or acceptance for these suppliers, or the links between Tripadvisor Tripadvisor and those suppliers.
Although community members may assess and write reviews of specific facilities Tripadvisor, describing their own experience, does not give any approval or not directed products Tripadvisor or external service providers.
User acknowledges that is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the information Tripadvisor obtained from external suppliers and displayed in their websites and applications.
In case of making a reservation in external supplier agrees to acquaint himself with the user terms and conditions governing make purchases and use of site (" "), the conditions of use personal privacy and on other rules or the rules in force suppliers and compliance with them. or facility
User shall interaction with external suppliers at their own risk.
Tripadvisor accepts no responsibility for, activities omission errors,, guarantees, of neither negligence statements external suppliers, or for bodily injury, death, destruction of property or other damage or expenditure arising from the user interaction with external suppliers.
This site may contain links to websites or other websites, which does not manage suppliers and on which there is no control Tripadvisor.
For more information see the following section, entitled " links to the sites of third parties '.
Making reservation at the premises of holiday from external suppliers in the websites partner. announcing
Tripadvisor and some of its subsidiaries operate as a platform which enables travellers concluding agreements with owners facilities holiday or arrangement of transactions with managers or owners (each of them hotels is described as " Reklamodawca ").
User bears responsibility for the use of this site and websites, as well as any subsidiaries of our transactions with owners objects holiday filed through options offered on immediate reservation or partner.
We do not own facilities listed on holiday or websites partner do not manage them, and we are not bound by agreement with them.
Because Tripadvisor, nor its subsidiaries or are not parties to transactions involving rental accommodation between travellers and user shall have sole responsibility for any Reklamodawcą disputes or conflicts relating to the actual or potential transactions between and including on the quality of user Reklamodawcą, conditions, safety or the legality of the services provided by the owner of the object country on the list on the accuracy of the content, offer opportunities for rent object on the side of advertisers or the possibility of hiring holiday pay a fee for hire object on the side of the user. holiday
User notes that before a reservation or purchase of product or service may need to be concluded with agreement, for which may apply a separate Reklamodawcą additional restrictions reservation, product or service.
Conditions for the payment for the owners of objects holiday
User undertakes to pay for advertisers or acting on behalf of the subsidiary Tripadvisor service fee reservation in a holiday advertisers under the terms of use in force on subsidiary.
Subsidiary Tripadvisor may act as a representative with limited powers for advertisers only messages to advertisers duties.
More information on the charges payable for renting out the facilities, holiday deposits, processing of payments, the cancellation and repayment kaucyjih duties contain the conditions of use set out in our websites partner.
Making reservations in a holiday through one of our websites partner is synonymous with our consent to compliance with the conditions for the use and privacy policy set out in these websites.
Destinations
International voyages
For reservation of international travel from external suppliers, or planning to international travel, using the site user bears responsibility for ensuring that the requirements of entry to countries that going to visit.
Must also make sure that it had all the necessary travel documents, including the passport and visa.
Information on passport and visa requirements can be obtained in an appropriate embassy or consulate.
Before booking and departure check information, because they may be changed timeliness.
Tripadvisor accepts no responsibility for refusing admission to an airplane or entering the country due to lack of travel documents required by an airline, or the state authorities, including in the countries by that he drives on their way to destination.
User is also required to obtain from the doctor information on currently recommended vaccination before we went beyond their national borders, as well as to make sure that meets all the requirements of health and comply with any recommendations medical travel.
Although most of the voyage also international, takes place without unexpected events, a trip to certain regions may be associated with a higher risk.
Tripadvisor is encouraging people to obtain information on the prohibitions, warnings and advice and published by their national authorities and the authorities of the target country prior to the reservation journey to a foreign country.
Publishing travel information for the chosen sites on the map of the world, not says or does not ensure that TRIPADVISOR travel to them shall be indicated or risk and not assume NIEOBARCZONE liable for damages and losses which may arise as a result of a travel to these areas.
An abdication of responsibility
This part must be read carefully.
Disclaimer TRIPADVISOR terms this part provides for any problems user when using the site by the user.
For conditions contained in this part of or misunderstanding of the other parts of the contract, you should consult a lawyer in order to dispel doubts before being given access to the site or of benefiting from it.
Information software products and services published on may contain inaccuracies or errors, including mistakes in the content of the availability of the installations and prices.
TRIPADVISOR, its subsidiaries and company partner (including referred to as " company belonging to the group ") do not guarantee the accuracy of the published TRIPADVISOR media content and shall not be liable for any errors and other inconsistencies in the information and descriptions hotels, facilities, air fares, cars and holiday trips other products displayed on (including prices, information about availability, pictures, letters in hotels or facilities available facilities holiday products, and the general descriptions assessments, etc.).
RIPADVISOR also reserves the right to remove any errors in the information clearly on the availability and prices in our website or waiting with abnormal price. REZERWACJACH
TRIPADVISOR companies belonging to the group in no way shall ensure suitability for media information, to any software products and services concluded on (content), or in any part of the site, and the conclusion or offering on any product or service does not mean approval or those products and services by companies POLECANIA belonging to the group TRIPADVISOR media.
All this information, software, products and services are supplied " what are " without any guarantee.
Company belonging to the group guarantees, or other conditions preclude TRIPADVISOR media rules stating that this site, servers and email sent by its companies belonging to the group TRIPADVISOR media are free of viruses and other harmful components.
In maximum extent allowable in accordance with applicable law, this excludes any guarantees and rules on TRIPADVISOR of this information, software, products and services, including any implicit guarantees and conditions or the rules governing POKUPNOŚCI, suitability for any purpose, title, smooth holding and rights not harming.
TRIPADVISOR specifically excludes any guarantees, statements and any other conditions concerning the accuracy and property nature of the site. content
Nothing in this agreement does not exclude or limit the liability of (i) death or injury as TRIPADVISOR body caused by negligence; (ii) swindling; (iii) to fraudulent statements; (iv) an intentional violation of contractual conditions or grossly negligent and (v) any other responsibilities, which can not be excluded in accordance with the applicable law.
Supplier external, providing in this information on the hotels or facilities site, travel and other services, are holiday independent suppliers, and not representatives or staff companies belonging to the group TRIPADVISOR media.
Companies belonging to the group media do not assume responsibility for, activities TRIPADVISOR errors, statements, guarantees, infringement or omissions negligence, or for bodily injury, those suppliers death, destruction of property, other injury and expenditure which are their outcome.
Company belonging to the group media have no responsibility and no TRIPADVISOR undertake to reimbursement of expenses in case of delays, cancellations, guests, strike force majeure NADKOMPLETU or other circumstances arise, which have no direct impact.
Are not the accountability for the additional expenditure, delays, missed diversion or action any government or from the authorities.
Therefore user makes use of the site at their own risk.
Companies belonging to the group media (and the members of their administrative, TRIPADVISOR directors and subsidiaries) are not in any case, the responsibility for loss or damage direct, indirect, the alleged, accident and special performance; for the loss of income or profits reputation, data, contracts; for the costs incurred; for damage or losses resulting from the discontinuation of business activities or in any way connected with it; for damage or loss in any way related to access to this site, display or use of her late her or lack of the possibility of access, display or use of (including site in connection with confidence to the content and opinions on, reviews published computer information, software, the presence of viruses related sites, products and services obtained via website or in any way due to access the website, or using a) with its display for failure, contracts, offences, or other causes, even if the absolute liability TRIPADVISOR was notified of the possibility of such damage.
This terms and conditions and the exclusion from liability shall not affect the validity of mandatory provisions which can not be excluded in the light of the applicable law.
If companies belonging to the group Tripadvisor are considered to be responsible for bringing about the media loss or damage arising from the use by the user of our websites or services or in any way connected with the exercise by the user of our websites and / or services, the liability of companies belonging to the group Tripadvisor media in any case not exceed (a) fees paid for transaction on (which is the basis of the claim) Tripadvisor or (b) the amount of 100 usd (100 usd).
Reflects risk-sharing between the parties to the limitation of liability.
Restrictions set out in this section will continue to apply, even if limited remedial measures defined in these conditions do not meet its primary objective.
Limitation laid down in these conditions, shall be valid for the benefit of companies belonging to the group Tripadvisor media.
Compensation
User agrees to compensate for his entities, as well as Tripadvisor subsidiary of directors, to persons employed by those entities and their representatives and the exemption from liability related to any claims, from the grounds for claims demands compensation, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or the expenditure of every kind, including legitimate handling costs incurred by third parties on the legal and accounting effect:
Infringement by the conditions of this agreement or conditions recorded in documentation to which reference shall be contained in this document;
Infringement user any rules or rights of third parties or
Use user from this site.
Links to websites of third parties
This site may contain hyperlinks to the sites by other parties than Tripadvisor managed.
These hyperlinks are purely for information.
These show-cases and does not have a do we have no responsibility for published in their content or the current rules, inter alia, on privacy.
Moreover user is required to take precautionary measures aimed at making sure that links or collected from this software (kliknięte website or other websites) are free from viruses, worms, horses, defects and other harmful elements. trojańskich
Conclusion on does not imply approval for materials published in hiperłączy these websites or any link with the actors these parties.
Can happen that the user will be asked to link profile on with the other site. Tripadvisor profile
Such operation is optional, and the decision to link profiles can be at any time withdraw (on third party).
Software available on
Unless otherwise specified, the material published on the are purely for information and promotion services, websites, partners and other products available in the united states, to the territories Tripadvisor subsidiaries and in, as well as in protektoratach. built in
Site Tripadvisor are controlled and managed by Tripadvisor, massachusetts in the united states in offices.
Tripadvisor does not ensure that material published on are appropriate or available outside Tripadvisor of the united states.
Users who decide to gain access to a service outside the united states, operating with Tripadvisor on its own initiative and are required to respect local laws, where they apply, in so far as they are.
Software available on is also subject to control the export of the united states Tripadvisor.
Charge must not be any software available on, export or (a) reeksportować Tripadvisor and their citizens or to the following countries (inhabitants): cuba, iraq, sudan, north korea, iran, syria, as well as any other countries, for which the united states embargo imposed on goods (b) to persons listed in the list of a us treasury on special countries of destination and in table (table of a ban on procurement orders) department of trade us.
Using websites is a declaration by ensuring and Tripadvisor that the user is not in that country or in the aforementioned list shall not be subject to control such country, is not a citizen of this country nor its. resident
All software available for download from websites (" software ") is a falling Tripadvisor copyright or subsidiaries or external actors utwórtripadvisor Tripadvisor (as indicated above).
User govern the conditions for use of software licensing agreement the end user, if any, which is attached to the software (" the agreement ") or in it contained. license
The user can not install software, to which it is included license agreement or which such an agreement contains, or benefit from him, if not previously undertakes to comply with its conditions.
For software to download on to which available was not accompanied by a licence agreement, this we restricted personal user licences for the use of software for viewing and inalienable use of site pursuant to these conditions and rules and only for this purpose.
It should be noted that all software, including, inter alia, html code, xml and and controls, contained in the java active x is the property of the or its subsidiaries and Tripadvisor is protected by copyright and by the provisions of international treaties.
Any attempt to reproduction or redistribution are absolutely prohibited, and to take their software may give rise to harsh penalties resulting from the provisions of civil or criminal law.
Persons violate rules will be the greatest possible extent. prosecuted
Unbound for this, copying or reproduction of software for any at any site in order to further the server or reproducing or redistribution is expressly forbidden.
If software is covered by the guarantee, it is only under the conditions laid down in the licensing agreement.
Information about copyright and trademarks
The entire content of this website is covered by: © 2016 Tripadvisor.
All rights reserved.
Tripadvisor bears no responsibility for the content parties carried out by persons other than Tripadvisor.
TRIPADVISOR logo, with educationinstitutions as well as any stamps rating the names of the products and services and slogans presented on are registered trade marks or signs in the system of common law and covered by the protection are owned by Tripadvisor or of his suppliers, and may not be copied, or licencjodawców played or used in full or in part without the prior written consent or an adequate authorised proprietor of the mark. Tripadvisor
Also and site, including the appearance of the system, graphics, icons and zindywidualizowana headers bookmarks, are scripts, trade mark or trade mark service image may not be copied, imitated Tripadvisor and in whole or in part, or used, without the prior written consent Tripadvisor.
Any other signs, registered trade marks, the product names, company logo on companies and contained are owned by the relevant authorised persons.
The reference to any products, services, procedures or other information by the trade name, trade mark, the name of the producer or vendor or otherwise are not equivalent to their support sponsorowaniem or nor can they be rekomendowaniem through the service Tripadvisor thus interpreted.
The procedure for reporting and disposal of illegal content
Tripadvisor works in accordance with the notification and disposal of content.
If user opposes any materials or content, including the news users on either considers that zamieszczanym materials and content placed on violate their copyright, should immediately contact with us in accordance with the procedures for reporting and disposal of content.
Click here to display a procedure of notification and disposal of content.
After fulfilling the requirements that the Tripadvisor, aimed at removing all reasonable measures will take illegal content within a reasonable time.
Modifications
Tripadvisor can change, add or remove these conditions and rules in whole or in part, at any time, at their own discretion, if it considers such action to be necessary for legal, regulatory requirements or technical or due to changes in the field of service or system site.
This user clearly undertakes to comply with the changed conditions and rules.
Tripadvisor may amend, suspend or discontinue these services at all times and in all respects, including the availability of any functions, databases and content.
Tripadvisor may also impose restrictions on certain functions and services or the user access to all or some elements of the site or of another party, without prior warning and without incurring liability Tripadvisor-for technical reasons or relating to safety, in order to prevent unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data or in a situation where at their own discretion finds that any provision in these conditions and user violated rules or any provision, resulting in law decides to stop providing the service.
Further use user of service at this point, or after the publication of information TRIPADVISOR of any change of means the acceptance by the user such modifications.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
This site is carried out by the american, and this agreement shall be governed by the law in the u.s. state of massachusetts.
This user agrees to surrender the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the u.s. state of massachusetts and agrees to conduct in the courts in case of any disputes arising from the use of this site or related.
User agrees that any matter concerning the claims against, arising from the use of this site Tripadvisor or related, must be considered and resolved only before the competent court, massachusetts sensibly.
The use of this site is not authorised in any, where they don't have all jurisdictions these conditions and principles, including the provisions of the provisions of this paragraph.
The records shall not apply in so far as the applicable law in the country of residence user requires the use of other regulations or jurisdiction and in which such provisions may not be excluded by.
Currency calculator
Exchange rates are based on data from publicly available sources and are purely for information.
Regularity rates is not verified and actual may vary. courses
Data on the courses may not be updated every day.
Information made available through the application is considered to be accurate, but neither, or its subsidiaries Tripadvisor fails to secure such accuracy.
Using this information for the purpose of financial, the user should consult a qualified professional in order to verify the accuracy of the indicated rate.
We're not releasing the right to use of this information for the user to other than private.
User is also explicit prohibition on the use of this information, resale of redistribution and for commercial purposes.
Additional licences for mobile devices
Software Tripadvisor on mobile devices in certain aspects may be used materials protected by copyright, as Tripadvisor hereby informed.
The use of some applications for furthermore, mobile devices is governed by specific conditions.
Party licences for portable devices shall include information on the use of applications for mobile devices Tripadvisor.
General provisions
User confirms that the conclusion of the contract or the use of the site does not lead to the conclusion of a joint venture company civilian assumptions or a representation employment relationship between user and any of the companies belonging to the group Tripadvisor media or its subsidiaries.
Realisation by us this agreement is governed by the applicable law and relevant legal procedures and nothing in this agreement does not limit our right to comply with the proposals, nor requirements law enforcement bodies, state institutions or courts, associated with the use by the user from this site or with the information received or collected by the us in connection with such use.
To the extent permitted under the current legislation user undertakes to report any claims or to bring actions under access or use of this site or associated within two (2) years from the date of the reasons for such claims or legal action.
Otherwise deemed to user irrevocably waives its right to make a claim or action.
If it is found that any part of this agreement is invalid or impracticable, under current legislation, including as regards the exclusion of liability under the guarantee or limitation of liability described above, then such invalid or provision will be replaced by important feasible impracticable provision, which as faithfully reflect the assumption and other provisions of the agreement will retain the original power.
This agreement (and any conditions and the rules for which it suggests) represent all of the arrangements between the user and with regard to this website and Tripadvisor shall replace any prior or current submissions and proposals, in electronic form, oral and written between the customer and with regard to this Tripadvisor site.
Printed versions of this agreement and any notifications in electronic version will be accepted in any judicial and administrative procedures related to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other documents and records originally created and stored in business hard copy.
These conditions and rules are available in the language site.
Specific conditions and rules under which the user will not be held by agreement contains individually. Tripadvisor
This site can not be updated on a regular basis and, therefore, not require the registration and periodically as a publishing under the relevant provisions of the law.
Fictitious names companies, of products, persons, forms or data mentioned in this site does not relate to real people, companies, products or events.
All rights, which were not expressly provided in this document, it is considered proprietary.
Aid for the use of services
In order to get answers to the questions or find contact details with us, please go to help center.
May also be to send a message to the following address:
Tripadvisor llc
400 1st avenue
Needham 02494, has, usa
© 2016 Tripadvisor llc.
All rights reserved.
