Conditions under which services last modified: 2018-05-15
Tumblr is the american and to the laws and jurisdiction of the united states.
Original of these conditions of service (and any other conditions, rules or guidelines that we are giving users) is written in english.
When any translated version of these conditions provide services (or any other conditions, rules or guidelines that we are giving users) causes conflict with english version is the english version.
This conditions of service shall contain in section 14 of the limitation of liability TUMBLRA.
Hello!
Welcome conditions service companies tumblr.
They must be read carefully before resorting to our website, services or products.
Is between user and the company tumblr.
Several endorsements, which are not too we part of the agreement itself, but serve to highlight the key points and as aid when tracing of the text.
We try to be fair and honest.
Please contact in the event of any questions or suggestions.
1.
Acceptance conditions services
Please read this conditions to provide services and our social guidelines (including " agreement ") prior to the use of the site (" site ") or other tumblr.com domain, websites, products applications, mobile applications, services or content made available by the company, inc. (tumblr
All this together with is " services ") (tumblr site, inc.,
Company based in delaware, which is fully subsidiary company inc., an oath
Corporations headquartered in delaware (" "), including its oath agents, representatives, consultants, employees and directors, " officers, " " we " or " tumblr us ").
Using services or gaining access to it, " subscriber " or " user " () agrees to respect all the conditions and principles of this agreement.
If you do not agree with all the conditions and principles of this agreement, can not and is not authorised to use the services.
Personalised services companies may not be provided and the conditions of this tumblr agreement can not be met, before the company not user information and other tumblr przetworzy users.
Processing information made available by the user in tumblr is essential for personalised services that we are giving and which the user and, in this personalized content (expected) and described below, and which constitute an essential part of the implementation of the advertising contract concluded with the operator.
Want advised that the company is now part of companies, firms tumblr oath dealing with digital media and with more than 50 brands and globally and mobilnymi belong to the companies, and these conditions to provide services, verizon which concern the exercise by the user on tumblr, were updated to reflect this change.
This section also contains agreement in which the user agrees to the terms of this agreement.
2.
Modifications to this agreement
Company tumblr reserves the right to modify this agreement through (1) of the revised services or publication of through them, and (2) the transfer of users that this agreement to inform has changed, using e-mail, as far as practical, or otherwise through services (such as the bridge or in our company desktop tumblr). mobile applications
Modifications will not work backwards.
Are responsible for consultation with any modifications of this agreement.
Can sometimes ask to examine and clear acceptance or rejection of the () of the revised version of this agreement.
In such cases, modifications will start to apply since the acceptance of the modified version of this agreement.
If then does not consent, the use of user services will not be possible.
When not ask for a modified version of this agreement, but acceptance otherwise notification described above, we can unlock this agreement will enter into force after the expiry of a modified version of fourteen days from its publication and sent a copy of the notification of modifications.
Use of a service after that period will mean accepting the conditions and principles of this agreement in the modified form.
If you do not agree with amendments, can not continue to benefit from services.
Please note that if payment for any payable services () was made defined below before this agreement, the use of such prepaid services will be subject to the rules in force in the contract paid receipt by a tumblr this prepayment.
Where development and the improvement of service can be forced to amend the tumblr these conditions to provide services.
If this happens, we'll notify the user about it.
Introduced the principle of publishing older version, we are also going to permit easy to see changes / supplement / disposal.
To see older versions of this document, down to the end. scroll
3.
Use services
Powers:
Anyone who has not reached the required age, it may use the services, given any personal data to tumblr or otherwise sent personal data via the services (and in this, for example, the names of the address, telephone number or e-mail address).
Required age is (i) thirteen (13) years of age or (ii) (16) sixteen years for people living in the european union (or lower age, which by.
Understanding your country in order to have the power to administration should be achieved personal data).
Such person may benefit from the services if may include important contract with the company and the use of the services is not for her tumblr banned by law.
User must at least be required age, to use the service tumblr.
We're serious: this is an absolute rule.
You say " i actually, i have so many years!. "
No, sorry.
If user did not reach the required age, may not use more service tumblr.
May ask parents for the playstation 4 or deal with reading books.
Changes and restrictions services:
Services are frequently amended and their form and functionality may be altered without prior notification.
Company retains the right to define limits tumblr linked to the use of services at its own discretion, at any time for notification, or without him.
Company tumblr may also impose restrictions on certain aspects of those services or services or restrict user access to all or part of services without any notification and bear the responsibility.
Company tumblr may at any time amend or suspend any services or cease their provision.
This includes the availability of any product functions, data bases or content (as defined below).
Company tumblr may also at any time to remove or suspend account (defined below) at its own discretion.
Tumblr service it all the time. ewoluująca platform
In view of the continual introduction of new products, services and functions we need flexibility in the introduction of amendments, the restrictions and temporarily suspending or closure of certain imposing (such as the functions that the tenders did not).
We can also close or suspend any account at any time.
Sounds hostile, but we use these powers only when there is cause for what has been described in these conditions to provide services, our privacy policy guidelines and our social media.
Restrictions automatic use:
The user can not, without the express prior written consent, engage in any of the following activities during gain access to services, or their use: (a) modify or use areas, a private services, supply systems service providers; (b) or tumblr sondować, or any systems, or network scan test (especially in terms of the gaps in safeguards) or otherwise trying to undermine or circumvent any security measures or authentication; (c) open or search, try to open or search services by any means (automatic or other) currently provided by different from us, published interfaces (and only made available by the company tumblr according to these conditions and rules), unless their use is authorised by file companies or other mechanisms, excluding robots robots.txt tumblr; (d) disposed of services and in particular the content (defined below) with services; (e) use of services to send changed, false or false information source, and in this, identifying, inter alia, using falsified headers packages or e-mail; or (Tcp-ip headers (f), (or distort stop
Cause tumblr or other damage must not be to users.
Some particularly scandalous " bad behaviour " are listed in the examples of this section.
4.
Registration urls service tumblr and security
As condition services and in order to allow the use of certain us benefits may be required the creation by the user account users (" account "), administration of age and e-mail address and choosing passwords and username in tumblr, which will be used as the default a link to its default blog on tumblr as [username] (" the address of the service " tumblr.tumblr.com ULR).
Blog caused for each user must choose another service url tumblr.
User agrees to provide tumblr accurate, complete and up-to-date information registration, and in particular its e-mail address.
Is very important to e-mail address associated with a user on tumblr was an accurate and up-to-date.
If lost passwords or attack of malignant information e-mail address is often the only wyłudzaniu acting way of allowing us to regain your user account.
User is also responsible for confidentiality passwords to their accounts and for the safety of its accounts and undertakes immediately notify company on actual or alleged loss, tumblr theft or using his account password to accounts or nieautoryzowanym.
5.
Privacy
To obtain information about how a tumblr, used and shall make the information of the user, collects see with our policy of privacy.
Using services, user confirms that read, which describes how generate privacy policy, use and (as described in the privacy policy is being made available) such information and in the transmission of such information to the united states or other countries in order to storage, processing and used by a company tumblr and associated companies (as defined below) entities tumblr.
6.
Content and the content subscriber
Definitions:
To objectives of this agreement: (1), the term " content " means creative expression and include, inter alia, materials video and audio, photos, paintings, pictures, animations, logo, tools, written answers, comments publications, information, data, the text, software, scripts, executables, graphics, compositions () and defined below, which may be generated, interactive facilities made available or otherwise available in services or through them; (2), the term " subscriber ' means the content, sent to content or otherwise made available services by the subscriber.
Content includes, inter alia, the entire contents of subscriber.
Your rights to the content of the subscriber:
Subskrybenci retain ownership or other applicable law to content, and the company or other companies tumblr subscriber shall retain the right of ownership or other applicable law to the entire content other than content subscriber.
User retains held ownership of any intellectual property as published in tumblr.
License concerning belonging to the subscriber content granted a tumblr:
When through the service user content in tumblr, give a subscriber shall make available to, global free from tumblr niewyłącznego royalties, allowing, rights and licences to use sublicencjonowanie przenoszalnego, hostowanie, storage,,,, display (buffering reproduction of publishing public or otherwise), exercise (public or otherwise), distribution, transmission, modifying, including, inter alia in adapting (and, in order to ensure compliance with the requirements of all network equipment or through which multimedia services are made available) and the creation of work derivatives such content subscriber.
Rights granted under that licence are limited to allow targets in accordance with their maintenance services to tumblr, improve and promote the services and the development of dual new services.
Appeal the license to " create work " is not intended to grant to derivatives tumblr law making any substantial changes or editing creation of materials derivatives.
But allows, for example, on which allows to subscribers service tumblr redistribution reblogowanie content from one service to another tumblr blog subscriber so as to add them own or other text content before or after a subscriber.
When you painted to service shall gives us permission to release their tumblr by all means, which can be expect (for example, through the blog, rss sources, etc.). desktop navigation service tumblr
We don't make with anything that surprise user.
Other important information: countless blogs source of books, films were service tumblr, albums, marks, etc.
Any obtained a royalty or remuneration for works are, of course, in its entirety to him. user
Does his job and we are proud of being part of (although little) achievements of our user.
User agree either that this license included right to make available all publicly published a tumblr company to the other companies selected by the company in such a way that they can tumblr combine or in other media and analyse such content services.
Example importance phrase " made available publicly published " partner companies throughout the content for distribution or analysis will be licensing " tumblr snake, " all activities of public transmission's outfits have tumblr live, such as partners to search engines.
Should also be noted that this license on content, even when the user will subscriber shall use, mainly due to the social services available via the service nature content services-when you will make available to the public, something tumblr others may provide comment on it, with the result that the contents of becomes part of the discussions social, which can not be erased without reverse censorship contributions from other later.
One thing that the user needs to consider before the publication of content: when will make available on the internet, something publicly practically impossible to remove all copies of the content.
User also agrees to respect for intellectual property rights other people and confirms and guarantees that has all the necessary rights to grant us the license to the entire content, which we shall send. subscriber
Company tumblr may at its discretion to add code associated to links is published in its own entity tumblr, assuming that the user does not joined before code associated to the relevant entity own link.
Users may waive this feature here.
License content for the user:
As subscriber services company granted user worldwide, odwoływalną, tumblr, not allowing sublicencjonowanie and niewyłączną licence collection, storage, browsing nieprzenoszalną, display, exercise, redistribution and creating work derivatives content only in conjunction with the use, and in strict compliance with dual and restrictions services (inter alia, services paid as defined below).
This means that, for example, user licence for reblogowania. we
Compatibility with the community:
User agrees not affect guidelines social service tumblr.
Termination and removal:
Exclusion user accounts or from which specific parts of the content will take all reasonable efforts, tumblr subscriber a service to prevent access to such content and its use, in addition, a subscriber if this is required by the applicable privacy policy, remove the account data or content, unless this is permitted subscriber or required by law.
User however confirms this and agrees to that: (a) removed content may remain in the subscriber or copies for a reasonable time and spare buffers (b) copies or appeal content may not be totally removed (e.g. subscriber
Because of the nature reblogowania).
Anytime user may remove their account here.
7.
Special provisions for the application developers are concerned
If user shall develop the software or services on the basis of services or any of the content, whether they are using interface application service or not programistycznego tumblr, agrees with the licence application interface api promoter service tumblr.
8.
Use of trade marks
Any use of trade marks, brands, logos and other such assets companies in conjunction with the services must be linked tumblr with approved companies and should be consistent with brands tumblr guidelines on trade marks company tumblr.
9.
Templates
Tumblr provides a special code html and css service (" code ") for the creation of parties blog template tumblr and their design for use in certain services (" system templates ').
Some templates can buy as a paid (as defined below) (such is " premium "). templates templates
Bought templates premium may not be transferred between accounts, blogs or services within the one account and relate to their specified here the payment terms.
Company tumblr grants to adjust code service user licence in order to create their own tumblr template templates to use on the his blog (every one of them is " free). " template
User may delegate his templates to be used by other non-standard as a subscriber to subscribers.
But due to the condition that licence to generate templates, user agrees, non-standard that there will be no such non-standard with other than location dystrybuował templates belonging to the company or approved by it without our authorisation tumblr, as described in our guidelines social media.
We should also remember that the others can be used when the user templates non-standard subskrybenci, distribution, and this removes these grants that subscribers licences to use those templates. irrevocable non-standard
In other words, the user can withdraw templates and stop them, but the distribution of non-standard who already use it may subskrybenci continue to use them.
To identify and disseminate templates, a premium, please custom templates contact with us.
10.
Services paid
Some require payment of charges (" services " such as services paid
Templates premium).
The charges were made in usd.
User must make all relevant fees as described in the relevant services and in respect of such services and all related taxes or additional charges.
Services paid is limited to user using the specific aspects of the services paid license.
The use of terms, such as the sale, sale, purchase, acquisition, or similar terms refers to raise by user licences to use services paid and does not transfer any rights, title or ownership of any kind.
The user can not again, are, transfer or exchange services licencjonować paid under the services or outside except where this is expressly permitted by the general rules of those services paid.
Company tumblr may, at its own discretion, modify services or eliminating them; functionality paid this also applies to the conditions and principles on which services are paid to be made available.
Shopping conclusive and shall not be reimbursed services paid (in particular those services that can be used immediately payable, such as defined below), with the exception of their own promotions recognition and in accordance with the rules governing any company tumblr service paid.
Closure accounts or the termination of the under this agreement may cause forfeiture of purchased services paid.
For example, if user account will be suspended, he loses his licence to use any purchased templates premium.
Company tumblr may change at any moment the services paid.
In limit the company tumblr of any such amendment will provide user justified notification of prices, new prices in relevant services paid or publishing through them or by e-mail from the notification.
If you don't want to pay new prices can not buy of the relevant services or cancel them, before the change paid takes effect.
11.
Special provisions for promotion
Some service functions can allow myself among other subscribers, and promoting some of them may be payable (" "). promotion services
The following additional conditions apply to promotion:
Objects which user shall be in accordance with this agreement, promotes and if not, the company tumblr reserves the right to cancellation of promotion at their own discretion without refund to the user.
Company tumblr may remove or exclude any promotion for any reason and at their own discretion.
Unless specified differently, the company does not provide for any action which promotions tumblr, among other things, can obtain clicks and likes reblogowania.
Company tumblr can not control, how to interact with the promotion, and subskrybenci is not responsible for " fraud in " or other fraudulent activities of third parties kliknięciach, including subscribers.
Company tumblr does not ensure that reports related to close or complete, nor will promocjami ensures that promotions will behave in a certain way, a tumblr will not bear the responsibility before user, nor shall be responsible for any false reports on the promotion or fraudulent behaviour or related promotion (e.g.
Any errors or reblogowania). counting likes
Promotions may permit in accordance with certain features of a subscriber.
Company tumblr does not guarantee that any concrete promotion always gets to relevant persons.
User may at any time cancel some promotions depending on their functionality, but is responsible for the payment of promotion in this area, in which they were at least they already used or through widespread services.
Promotion user shall by sending for starting this promotion by licence serwisowi tumblr determined by his time, which, depending on the promotion, may be unlimited.
This license expires when promotion shall be terminated or cancelled, but visibility promotion services may arrive forty-eight (48) hours.
12.
Liable guarantees; services available resignation on the principles of " what are "
User has access and services or any content at its own risk uses.
Understand and agree that services are made available on the principles of " what are " and " where available. "
Without restricting the above, in full to the extent permitted by law, the company excluded any guarantees, explicit or implicit tumblr, suitability commercial suitability for any purpose or not harming rights of third parties.
Company tumblr does not provide any guarantee or warranty of any kind in relation to the services, and including any guarantees or on the fact that the use of services (warranty (a) will be timely, or it will operate in the uninterrupted and foolproof combined with any other equipment, software, system or data; and (b) will meet the requirements or expectations; (c) user will be free from error or that defects will be corrected; (d) will be free of viruses or other harmful ingredients or (e) will be completely safe, or that the us information will be made available to the safe.
Company tumblr also does not provide any guarantee or warranty of any kind in relation to the; content, in particular, shall be made available to the subscriber sole responsibility subscribers providing this content.
No advice or information, whether it's verbal or whether it written, obtained from the company or via the services will not make a tumblr any guarantee, which has not been clearly defined.
13.
Timeout claims and exemption from liability
User agrees that any claims that might have arisen as a result of this agreement, or in connection with it or relationship with the company, must be reported within the year tumblr since its creation, such a claim, otherwise this claim will be permanently blocked.
User slowed down, in the fullest extent allowable, moreover, by law, a company and its employees, agents, tumblr consultants, directors, stakeholders, any other person or entity who directly or indirectly control, are under common control or are directly or indirectly controlled by a company (" entities associated companies ' tumblr), with responsibility, obligations tumblr, claim, request or damage (actual and indirect) of any kind and nature, of known and unknown (inter alia claims negligence) arising from or in connection with the following:
Disputes between subscribers to, including between and other user subscribers to
In general, effects of third parties (i.e.
Persons or entities, which are not the company or an associated company), a tumblr tumblr including and third parties for services
Disputes concerning the use of or actions performed using a user account by him or a third party
Claims relating to unauthorized use to any relating to user accounts or the content of the communication on its account or related enshrined, inter alia, use or change such communication nieautoryzowanym interception or content of the user.
For greater clarity: this includes any and all claims relating to the security clearances to user accounts.
Claims relating to any of the meetings face to face in any way connected with the company in any event (" " tumblr), and in this claim zlotach relating to activities or the lack thereof any subscriber or a third party, which organised, was present or in any other way involved in golden; for more information on our website zlotów.
Unless expressly provided in writing, the company not not oversees or sponsors tumblr in any other way does not control zlotów.
If user living in california, waives the § civil code, which says: 1542 california " general exemption does not cover claims, the which the creditor does not knows or suspects that there are on his behalf in time of the exemption, which, if they were known him, significantly affect its settlement would with the debtor. "
14.
The limitation of liability
In maximum permitted by the applicable law firm and entities associated companies will not be tumblr tumblr bear the responsibility for: (a) any indirect damage, accidental, or take any kind of punitive; (b): profits, income, data, loss of the possibility of using, goodwill or other losses intangible; (c) damage related to access, the use or user access failure or use services; (d) damage in connection with any behaviour or content of any third party or subscriber using services, inter alia, an abusive or illegal conduct or defamatory content or (e) injury in any form of associated with any content.
This limit shall apply to all claims, whether it is based on the guarantee contract, or any other legal theory unauthorised deed regardless of whether a tumblr has been informed of the possibility of such damage, or not, and in addition, if it was found that defined here remedy has not fulfilled its primary objective.
In maximum permitted by the applicable law overall responsibility tumblr, and associates for any company tumblr under this agreement, claims, and this for any alleged, is limited to the greater of amounts guarantees: one hundred dollars (usd) or the sum paid us for 100,00 use of the relevant services.
15.
Exclusion from the guarantee and the limitation of liability
Some jurisdictions could not allow the exclusion of certain guarantees or exclusion / limitation of liability referred to in point 14, so these constraints may not be applicable to the user.
16.
Termination
Each party may terminate this agreement at any time, by notifying the other party.
Company tumblr may terminate or suspend the access of the user or the possibility of using any or all services immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason or without her, inter alia, in the event of infringement of any terms and conditions of this agreement.
In particular, the company may immediately terminate or suspend the accounts, tumblr to be marked for repeated infringement of copyright.
On termination of access to the service or its possible use, and in this user accounts in service, right user suspension for use or access to the services and any contents immediately expires.
All provisions of this agreement, which by its nature, should remain in force, will remain, including provisions relating to property rights, the waiver of liability for the guarantee and the limitation of liability.
Termination user access to services and their use does not exempt him with any obligations arising from or generated before such nor restrict any obligations, which the termination of the otherwise may be in relation to the company or any third party, and not tumblr release him from rights, if it is a user in european economic area, which has been described in the privacy policy.
17.
The choice of law and territorial
User tumblr, and the company agree that any claims or controversy as to the law or assets, which arise in connection with this agreement and / or services, will decide in accordance with this paragraph or otherwise agreed between them in writing.
Before turning towards a formal resolution of the dispute to contact with us, we are encouraging strongly in order to seek solutions.
Law and a forum for legal disputes:
This agreement will in all matters subject to new york law, in so far as it applies to the agreements concluded and carried out in its entirety in new york by the people of new york regardless of the conflict rules.
User agrees that any claims or disputes which can be compared to companies, need to be addressed by the tumblr state or federal, based in new york county, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
Agrees subordinate personal based in new york county jurisdiction to carry out the process for all such claims or disputes.
If (a) shall represent the agency or body of the federal government, state or local of the united states, (b) uses services as part of its official powers and (c), for legal reasons can not accept the clauses on this point, then this point does not apply to any such user.
For such units this agreement and any other related activities will be subject to the law of the united states regardless of the legal provisions and, in the absence of conflict federal law and to the extent allowable under federal law, new york law to the exclusion of the choice of law.
18.
Other provisions
This agreement, modified from time to time, is a contract between the operator and the company on this subject. tumblr
This agreement supersedes all previous agreements or contracts, orally or in writing, on this subject, and represents the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties.
Failure by any of the parties, in any way, any right referred to here shall not be considered to abstain from any further submitted here rights.
If any provision of this agreement, it is not possible to comply with or whatever, it will be reduced or eliminated in order, and this agreement to the minimum necessary will continue to be enforceable fully and with full effects.
This agreement can not move, or except by delegate sublicencjonować prior written consent of companies tumblr.
Company tumblr may at any time this agreement in whole or part scedować without the consent of the user.
As a result of this agreement will not be created any agency, the company, a common administration, the joint undertaking or jobs and user has no powers to involve companies tumblr in any way.
All communications companies, which are required or permitted by the tumblr this agreement, should be sent in writing and should be considered effective from the time of removal in the event that by a known in the country or sent by a priority, parcels business całodobową by registered letter with a post paid to companies
Tumblr, inc.
770 broadway
New york, ny, 10003,
Attn: legal department
.
19.
Special provisions for subscribers located outside the united states
Company tumblr made available to the global products and services and to global community of sharing and tracking favorites.
Servers operations and companies, however, is located in the united states, tumblr, and rules and procedures for companies are based on the united states. almost tumblr
Following provisions shall apply in particular to subscribers situated outside the united states: (1) user confirms that we will send, stored and processed its information and in including, inter alia, the content of the subscriber and any personal data, in the united states or other countries in order to provide the user services and implementation of the agreement and (2) if using services from the country now we by the united states or is on the list of persons falling, the united states treasury department agrees not to be involved in financial transactions and did not carry out any commercial activities using or via the services (for example, by buying templates premium.
Message notification of infringement
20.
Policy copyright the dmca
Company tumblr used the following rules concerning copyright infringements in services in accordance with law digital millennium copyright act (" the dmca ").
Address designated agent companies for notifications of copyright (" tumblr designated agent ') is given below.
User may send a notification within the framework of using our form notification of almost the dmca copyright.
Reporting copyright infringements:
If you think the content contained in the services or available for them or through them infringes copyright, should send a notification of case of copyright infringements containing the following information to the designated agent at the following address:
Term work or materials, which has been infringed
Identification material which is considered to be subject to the infringement, together with sufficiently detailed information that the company was able to find him and verify its existence tumblr
Contact information the (" party "), reporting powiadamiającej and in the name, address, telephone number and e-mail address
Statement that the reporting in good faith tells us that there is no material copyright holder, his agent or authorisation law
Statement to be penalties for perjury, that the information provided in the notification are accurate and that the party reporting has the power to notification complaint on behalf of copyright holder
Physical or electronic signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright, which have been allegedly breached.
We should also remember that the information given in the notification of the infringement of copyrights can be transferred to subscriber, who published content allegedly breach of the law.
After removal of the material in accordance with normal notification company immediately notifies subscriber responsible for the dmca tumblr allegedly material that material has been removed or affect access to it was excluded.
Company tumblr shut down, in appropriate circumstances, accounts subscribers who repeatedly breach the law, and copyright reserves the right, at its own discretion, to eliminate any subscriber for actual or obvious copyright violation.
Transmission kontrzawiadomienia the dmca:
If you think is the wrong object the dmca may complete to companies notification kontrzawiadomienie, giving the following information on tumblr appointed agent the following address:
Urls referred to materials which or to which the company tumblr removed tumblr excluded access
Your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address
Statement agrees that have jurisdiction over the district court for the county court in federal which it has its address (or federal appearing in the us district court of new york, if the address of the user county is outside the united states), and that will operate process by the person who sent the original notification or agent of such a person. the dmca
Following statement: " i swear, under threat of penalty for perjury that in good faith, i think that material has been removed or disabled as a result of errors or incorrect identification of material for disposal or exemptions. "
The user.
Proper kontrzawiadomienia after receiving company forward it to the side, which sent a tumblr powiadamiającej original notification the dmca.
Primary party reporting (or right-holder, which represents) will then had ten (10) days for notification to the us that have been taken legal action related to allegedly right of acting.
Tumblr if the company does not receive any such notification within ten (10) days, can bring back the material in the services.
The agent
Tumblr, inc.
770 broadway
New york, ny 10003
Attn: copyright agent
Fax: + 1 (646) 513-4321
E-mail: the dmca @ tumblr.com
Form for the notification of copyright: https: / / www.tumblr.com / the dmca
21.
Disclosure of open source
Disclosure on the use of the us open source software packages at the following locations: the user may find
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / ios-credits
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / android-credits
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / web-credits
Link to previous versions
Earlier versions can be found on the service operating conditions, which will enable a comparison with older versions of Github, and see that the rules have been updated.
Github.com https: / / / / policy / / master / tumblr commits terms _ of _ service / en / terms _ of _ service.txt
Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20181216052205 / https: / / / policy / en / www.tumblr.com terms-of-service
