Conditions for the use of services
1.
Introduction; your consent to these conditions the use of services
2.
Twitcha by the use of minors and those who blocked
3.
Information on privacy policy
4.
Account
5.
Use of facilities and services
6.
Modification of these conditions, the use of services
7.
License
8.
The user
9.
Prohibited activities
10.
Observance of copyright
11.
Marks
12.
Content of third parties
13.
The ideas
14.
Termination
15.
Disputes
16.
Different
17.
Requests for information and how to submit calls for disclosure
18.
Specific conditions for the soundtrack Twitcha
1.
Introduction; your consent to these conditions the use of services
Read it this conditions of use of services.
This is an agreement binding.
Welcome services carried out by the company, inc. (twitch interactive
Together its related parties is to be made as " or " we " pooled twitch) consisting of website available at http: / / www.twitch.tv and its websites, applications and networks of any other product or service offered by Twitcha (known as " services "). Twitcha
Other Twitcha services offered by may be a separate conditions.
Using Twitcha, you are covered by the guidelines on community services and additional rules or guidelines published or Twitcha services made available to certain services and applying Twitcha and functions, which were presented in conjunction with such services.
Twitch may offer certain services paid, in addition, which are subject to the sale, as well as any additional conditions or Twitcha rules that have been submitted in connection with such services.
Any such conditions and guidance (referred to as " the guidelines ") are included in these conditions, the use of services by reference.
Conditions the use of services shall apply regardless of whether you're a user, who registered in services, or user account Twitcha not registered.
Talk agreed to that option " register " or by other means, draw, and access, or by using by services, have made legally binding agreement between you Twitcha and relating to the use of services by you Twitchem Twitcha.
Copy that read, understand and agree to be bound by these conditions of use of services.
If you don't agree with these conditions receive services, not use in any way from services. Twitcha
Using Twitcha or assuming account on on behalf of an entity or organisation, Twitchu (collectively referred to as the " organisation "), proposing and zapewniasz subskrybująca that: (i) are authorised representative of the organisation with the powers to bind the organisation of these subskrybującej conditions the use of services and the issue of licences; and (ii) specified therein you agree to these conditions the use of services on behalf of such an organisation subskrybującej.
2.
Twitcha by the use of minors and those who blocked
Twitcha services are not available for people who have not completed the 13 years.
If you're from 13 to age of majority in their place of residence, you can use the services of Twitcha only under the supervision parent or guardian law which expressed consent to these conditions the use of services binding.
Twitcha furthermore, the services are not available for any users, which previously removed from service, or Twitcha twitch for any of people excluded from the benefit of these services in accordance with the regulations of the united states (such as legal restrictions and provisions concerning export and re-export) or laws in any other jurisdiction.
Draw INSTALUJĄC, or otherwise taking advantage of the services, proposing that you have completed TWITCHA 13 years old, your parent or legal agrees to conditions for the use of this maintainer services, unless you have for 13 years until the age of majority in their place of residence and not previously confidential you with, nor were excluded from their services TWITCHA use.
3.
Information on privacy policy
Your security is important. for Twitcha
Our privacy policy you can find information about how we gather, we use and your personal data we disclose.
In article decisions for
Privacy learn, how can you manage your online privacy when using services Twitcha.
4.
Account
A.
Account and password
Assumptions accounts to you to give certain information, we ask such as account name and password.
Ponosisz sole responsibility for confidentiality their accounts and slogans and for restricting access to my computer.
If zezwalasz to another person to the use of the data on account, you agreed to login this special services on behalf of all other persons who benefit from the services in your account or using your password, and you are responsible for all the activities that are taking place in your account or using your password.
Make sure that information provided during the registration and in any other case Twitchowi is true, accurate, up-to-date and complete according to your knowledge.
Unless get explicit consent in writing from, you can't sell, rent, Twitcha, or provide access to its grant wypożyczać account to anyone else in this, without restrictions, taken from anyone fees for access to administrative authorisations to your account.
Twitch reserves all available means of redress and remedies to prevent the unauthorized use of services, including, without limitation, Twitcha to dams, ip addresses and technological mapping in serious cases, direct contact with your isp on such unauthorised use.
B.
Account of third parties
Twitch may authorise the recording and logging in services you through specific services of third parties. Twitcha
Data collection, use and disclosure of information shall be subject to your privacy policy services the third party concerned.
More information about how twitch collects, uses and disclose your personal data, when their account to the account any service you combine Twitcha third party, you will find in our privacy policy.
5.
Use of facilities and services
Twitcha access to services of your personal computer or may require use mobile device, as well as communication with these devices or the use of available on them here.
Answer for any with an internet connection or fee for that you run as a result of a combination of mobile services use of Twitcha.
6.
Modification of these conditions, the use of services
Twitch may make amendments to any provision in these conditions, the use of services by publishing these provisions, as.
Continuing use of Twitcha after entry into force changing conditions the use of services, you agreed to these changes.
For residents of the republic of korea twitch sufficiently in advance of any significant changes in their conditions will notify the use of services.
All amendments shall enter into force not earlier than within 30 calendar days after the publication of; provided that any changes to the newly available functions services services providing benefits for the user or functions of the amendments introduced for legal reasons may enter into force immediately.
7.
License
Services Twitcha are owned and are carried out by. Twitcha Twitcha
Unless indicated otherwise, any content, all the information and other materials in services (excluding content user defined in Twitcha section 8 below), including, without restriction, trade marks and logos, visual, graphics, projects interfaces Twitcha, information, software, computer code, compilation albums (including source code or), services, text, images obiektowym, data, sound files, other files and their selection and arrangement (referred to as the " material ") in swarms are protected rights relevant intellectual property protection and property rights.
All materials are owned and its subsidiary or related companies and Twitcha / or third party. licencjodawców
Unless expressly provided in writing by agreeing to the conditions of use this Twitcha of services, and a limited scope of licence (i.e. podlicencjonowaniu
Personal and limited access and use the services of the right) exclusively on your personal or Twitcha procedure.
Twitch reserves all rights, which were not expressly granted under these conditions the use of services.
This license is hereby conditions use of services and does not allow you to engage in any of the following activities: (a) the resale or commercial use of services and / or materials; (b) Twitcha dissemination, the performance of the public or public presentation of any material; (c) modifying or other derivatives use services or materials, including their Twitcha any part; (d) the use of any kind of data mining, robots or similar methods of collecting or data extraction; (e) collection (other than the cache) any part of the service, material or any contained in them Twitcha information, except where expressly authorized in services; and (f) any use of Twitcha services or materials outside their destiny. Twitcha
Any use of services or materials, except in exceptional cases Twitcha permitted under these conditions the use of services, without the prior written consent granted by, is strictly prohibited and may be a Twitcha infringement of intellectual property rights or other rights.
Unless expressly provided in these conditions the use of services, none of their provisions can not be interpreted as granting any licence to intellectual property rights, whether by excluding the presumption whether other legal principles.
Twitch may denounce this, as set out in section 14. a
8.
The user
Twitch allows you to dissemination of live broadcasting and registered audiovisual works, the use of services such as chat, notice boards, writing on fora, share, interactive services and participation in the wiki voice other, under which you can create, aktywnościach send,, perform or store content, the messages to, text, sounds, images, applications, the code or other data or materials in the context of services (" "). the user content Twitcha
A.
Licence for Twitcha
(I) unless it has been otherwise agreed in the form of a written agreement between you and Twitchem, which was signed by the authorised representative Twitcha if,,, you do, przesyłasz transmitujesz wyświetlasz or preserve them using services user you post content, and his, you Twitchowi Twitcha within a maximum extent and at the maximum sublicencjobiorcom period allowed by the applicable law (including the time dated, authorised by the applicable law) of an open, fully subject to the global irrevocable, and the right to (unpaid sublicencjowaniu niewyłącznego (a) use, modify, adaptation, publishing, reproduction, translation works derivatives, dissemination, and exercise of display such content (including user, without restriction, promote and redistribution of parts or all services (and their derivatives)) works Twitcha in any form, format, media or media channels currently known or developed or found in the future; and (b) the use of the names, identity, and voting or other data on him (way), which, in conjunction with the content of the user. przesyłasz
Content user shall include the name, if such identification, image and voice recordings (or other some biographical information) third parties, proposing and that appropriate consent and / zapewniasz came or licences for the use of such functions and twitch and his can benefit from them to the extent specified sublicencjobiorcy under these conditions the use of services.
(Ii) in relation to the content of termed " additives " user ", " " map " or other types of projects modifications sent via the related parties (" sent projects or Curseforge.com "), the rights granted by you shall cease when you remove or sent such projects in services Twitcha skasujesz.
Also note that you accept can maintain in twitch but may not display, their (server distribute or do) copies of the projects, which have been removed or sent erased.
(Iii) in respect of live broadcasting and audiovisual works right granted by registered you shall cease when the content of the services or Twitcha you remove user, except in case his own generally lock when (a) the content was made available by you another service Twitcha and others or the user (e.g. motor parts content skopiowali
Creating clip); (b) uses the content for promotional purposes twitch; and (c) within a reasonable time, which requires removing content from the backup and other systems.
B.
Declarations made and assurances on the content of user
Ponosisz sole responsibility for its content and the consequences of its release or user publication.
Proposing zapewniasz and that: (1) you're or any rights of content creator in control or user rights and to grant you sufficient mandate conferred by this; (2) your statement user rights present and future (a) does not affect, not, or does not break any breaks, including any rights of third parties copyright, rights, patent rights, trade marks, law moral rights of secrets commercial privacy rights to image or any other intellectual property rights or other property rights and (b) no zniesławia; (3) any other person your statement user does not contain any viruses, programmes and advertising, websites or other harmful or spyware worms; and (4) of the code of malignant unless you have previously received authorisation in writing, your user does not contain any software in particular content or private software version beta, przedpremierowego or content of the games or other confidential information concerning Twitcha or third parties.
Twitch reserves all legal remedies and remedial against any users who violate this declarations made and assurances.
C.
Content przesyłasz at their own risk
Twitch used security measures in order to ensure protection of reasonable user against unauthorised copying and dissemination.
Twitch however, does not guarantee that there will be no place any unauthorised use of copying, or dissemination of user made by third parties content.
In maximum the extent permitted by applicable law this you do agree that it will not be held responsible for any unauthorised twitch copying or dissemination, use made by third parties and the content of the user and you forever waive all your legal claims against Twitcha in respect of any such unauthorised copying or use on the basis of any user content of interpretation.
Safety measures to protect the contents makers used by are provided and used " in the current TWITCHA form " and without any guarantee, conditions or assurances that such security measures will prevent attempts at circumventing that there will be no protection mechanisms or fracture, or other such security measures. DEAKTYWACJA circumvention
D.
Promotions
User can promote, manage or lead promotion (or services) contest lottery, through their intermediary or using them Twitcha (known as " promotion ").
If you decide to promote, or lead promotion, need to follow manage to the following rules: (1) you can carry out to the extent allowed by the applicable law and promotions sole responsibility for ensuring that you run any promotions shall apply to any applicable rights, obligations and restrictions; (2) will be classified as promoter its promotion (or jurisdictions) and the relevant jurisdiction solely responsible for all aspects and you run expenses related to your promotion, including, without limitation with holding, management and maintenance promotion; a publication of any official rules; choice awards winners;; and obtaining any necessary wręczeniem permits and approvals of third parties, including, without limitation, packed all necessary registration and commitments.
Twitch has the right to remove your promotion of services, if twitch has reasonable grounds to consider Twitcha that your promotion is incompatible with the terms of the use of services or the applicable law; (3) shall not be liable, does not approve, twitch nor does not support any such promotion.
Can't tell that is a sponsor or promotion; and twitch współsponsorem (4) in promoting, administration or carrying out promotion or read the following statement: " this wyświetlisz is the promotion by [your name).
Twitch sponsors not, nor the promotion and approved is not responsible for it. "
E.
Endorsements / references
You agree to your was issued by the federal trade commission content (" ") to the guidelines on the use of references and FKH statements in advertising, for providing information on how companies innosupport published by FKH, guidelines on native published by advertisers and any other required by the applicable law FKH guidelines issued by periodically (known as the " guidelines FKH ") and the advertising. FKH
For example, if you get paid or you get free in exchange for discussing or promotion of products or services via a service, or if you are a company and you decide Twitcha to discuss or promote the products or services that company via the services, you consent to the use of the Twitcha requirements of the guidelines for the granting of information on the relationship of such FKH.
You twitch (not) sole responsibility for any endorsements / references you run, which are set in relation to any product or service through services Twitcha.
F.
Political activity
Subject to these conditions the use of services and the guidelines for the community to share, to participate in the political opinions you can political activity, posting links to official website policy committee, including page participation in political committee and participate in the work of the committee to solicit viewers direct political.
You agree, however, that making these actions in his own name only.
Also taking part in those activities, proposing and that you have the power to participate in you guarantee to them in accordance with applicable law and that in doing this, you'll respect all the relevant laws and regulations.
You agree not to seek or use, do not use any tools (e.g. spieniężania Twitcha
Bitsów or subscription) with a view to participation for the candidate, the candidate, the political action, electoral commission or other committee campaign, or to otherwise on any election. entry
Candidates for political office can not benefit from the tools on their channels. spieniężania Twitcha
9.
Prohibited activities
Talk agreed not to affect any rights, contracts, intellectual property and other rights of third parties, nor commit torts and you confirm that sole responsibility for their actions, when you run played with services. Twitcha
Agree you apply to these conditions of use of services and the guidelines for the community and you won't be: Twitcha
And.
Create sent, envisage, spread or store, which is incorrect, illegal any content, who committed the infringement,,,, who committed the infringement zniesławiająca obsceniczna pornographic privacy or the right to image, representing a threat, inadequate napastująca anger that causes or otherwise inappropriate;
Ii.
Given to any person or entity, provide to link with any false person or entity, or benefit from other persons without authorization, service accounts Twitcha digital signature of another person, given false fałszować information on sources, identity or information transmitted over content services, or take any other, similar Twitcha, fraudulent activities;
Iii.
Send wiadomości-śmieci or service users, including spam Twitcha, without restriction, unwanted advertising, promotional material or any other material of a solicitation, send highly commercial advertising, chains, information notices, requests for postal supporting charities, requests for signature to petitions and all activities related to promocjami (such as lotteries and competitions) and other, similar activities;
Iv.
Raise collect e-mail addresses, or collect or other contact details of other users in the services Twitcha;
V.
Zniesławiać molest,, use, or users of the service or threaten to cheat collected or try to collect Twitcha personal data users or third parties without their consent;
Vi.
Remove celebrated, exempt, broken or otherwise interfere with the associated with (a) the safety function of the services or content, (b) the user Twitcha functions, which prevent or limit the use or copying all accessible through the content services, (c) the functions which Twitcha impose limitations of services or the user, nor (d content Twitcha) remove comments about copyright or other property rights in the services or the content of the user; Twitcha
Vii.
Engineering backward, carry out, or in any other way, dekompilować deasemblować trying to discover source code services or any part, with the exception of Twitcha and only in so far as that is expressly authorised by law in your place of residence;
Viii.
Adjusted adapted to, or create works based on services and / or their derivatives, except for any part of Twitcha and only to the extent that such action, which is clearly allowed by the applicable law irrespective of restrictions;
Ix.
Damage distort or to services, or interfere with any user to draw on the Twitcha them satisfaction, in any way, including sending or dissemination otherwise viruses, software and advertising, or other malicious websites monitoring worms code;
X.
Provide e-mails servers third party without the authorisation of the e-mails third party;
Xi.
Benefit from any website server, application or other resources available computer used and / or licensed by, including, without limitation Twitcha services, by any job, spider Twitcha, scrapera, or other automated means any destination, crawlera or any measures, which may use twitch circumvented in order to block or restrict access to any website server, application or other resources available computer used and / or licensed by, including, without limitation Twitcha Twitcha services;
Xii.
Manipulate identities to any user transferred via the content of the origin of the cloak services; Twitcha
Xiii.
Distort or interfere with the action service or servers or combined with services network Twitcha Twitcha nor oppose any requirements, procedures, rules or regulations networks linked to services; services in any way use Twitcha Twitcha, which could distort or disturb adversely or prevent other users full satisfaction with the services or which takes could in any way damage Twitcha, off overload or disrupt services Twitcha;
Xiv.
Use or try to use a different user accounts without the authorisation of this user and Twitcha;
Xv.
Celebrate try any content, which we use, or filtering techniques trying to gain access to any service or areas, to which you have no services Twitcha authorised access;
Xvi.
Try indicate in any way, without our prior authorisation granted in writing that you're us or that we promote you or any related products or services in any order; and
Xvii.
Services Twitcha used for any purpose or in contravention of any rights or illegal local rules, state, national or international, including, without limitation, intellectual property rights and other property rights, data protection and privacy.
As allowed by the applicable law shall not be liable and has not adopted any twitch obligations in relation to any content user or any loss or damage suffered and twitch is not responsible for any errors, defamation, slander, defamation, omission, lies,, or with whom wulgaryzmy obsceniczność pornography, using the services can meet Twitcha.
Using services Twitcha at our peril.
In addition, this rules do not lead to the right to other personal complaints from any third party, or any legitimate expectations that the services will not contain any content of which is prohibited by Twitcha these principles.
Twitch is not responsible for any statement or statements of the content of the user.
Twitch does not promote any user or content expressed in her opinions, recommendations or advice and twitch expressly renounces the any liability, in conjunction with the contents of the user.
A the permitted by applicable law twitch reserves the right to disposal, monitoring or editing any content published or either user services at any time and for any reason Twitcha, including the cases in which it is in breach of the conditions for using this user content services or existing law, and you you run sole responsibility for backup files and exchange any content, which user or preserve them in, only you post services its cost Twitcha
Services Twitcha in breach of this any use of these conditions is a violation of the use of services and may result in, inter alia, the termination or suspension of rights to use the services of Twitcha your.
Inhabitants for the republic of korea, except in cases where the twitch is reasonable reason to consider that the notification is legally prohibited (for example, when this notification (and) violates existing laws, regulations or the regulatory authorities or (ii) affect ongoing investigations by the regulatory authority) or that any notice may cause harm to you, to third parties, and / or its Twitchowi (for example, where the transfer to affiliated entities security services),'s notice Twitcha why a twitch will immediately inform was taken a step.
10.
Observance of copyright
Twitch respects the fundamental rights and observes the requirements to be determined by other intellectual the digital millennium copyright act (" ") and any other existing law the dmca.
Owner copyright or if you are his agent and you think content published in services affect your copyright, send the notification Twitcha, acting according to our guidance, which contain further information on the dmca our principles, describe what must be included in the notification and where to send them to.
11.
Marks
Twitch twitch, and any other logos, the product or service name, logo or the slogan used by, and the look and feel of twitch the twitch services, including all headers page, graphics, button, and custom icons scripts, are or trade of twitch, and trademarks dress may not be used in whole or in part in connection with any product or service that is not twitch's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or, without our prior written permission discredits twitch.
Any use of these trademarks must be in accordance with the twitch Trademark guidelines.
Any other marks, the references of which appear in services, are the property owners. relevant Twitcha
Reference services to any of the products, services, processes Twitcha or other information using the trade name, trade mark manufacturer, supplier or other are not, or do not mean promoting them or us, nor by sponsoring rekomendowania means any other links.
12.
Content of third parties
Content twitch in addition to the user may release another content of third parties in services (collectively referred to as " content Twitcha of third parties ').
Twitch does not control, nor any third parties or promotes content does not make any statements or any kind of assurances regarding the content of third parties, including, without limitation on its accuracy or completeness.
Please note that we are not creating, not, nor monitor content of third parties aktualizujemy.
Therefore we are not responsible for any content of third parties in services Twitcha.
Answer for deciding whether you want to access or use websites third parties or an application, to which are in service links (referred to as " the parties " for reference Twitcha).
Twitch does not control, nor any of these parties, or information referring promotes, materials, products or services contained on them or available via the parties and does not make any statements or assurances referring of any kind in relation to the parties referring.
Additionally your correspondence or held business contacts and participation in their operation, with its advertising customers which can be found in the services or through them, shall be held Twitcha only between you and such its advertising customers.
Uzyskujesz access and played party, including information, materials, orders for reference products and services on the orders for reference or through them only available at their own risk.
13.
The ideas
Ideas suggestions by sending and / or documents proposals (referred to as the " communication ') to or his workers, do you take note of the Twitcha and you agree that twitch is entitled to the use or disclosure of such notifications for any purpose and by any means, without ensuring you salary or grant your by.
14.
Termination
A the permitted by applicable law twitch reserves the right to without any notification and only as we please denounce you to use the services granted a licence (including sending content) user Twitcha and block or prevent you in the future access and use of services, including the cases in which Twitcha reasonable we have reason to believe that: (a) the manner in which are services affect this conditions for use of the services or Twitcha applicable law; (b) played with services or their; or (Twitcha told you abuse (c) we can not continue to provide these services for technical reasons or legitimate business reasons Twitcha.
Our right to terminate the licence covers the possibility of denouncing or suspension of your access to any purchased products or services, including any subscriptions and accounts prime gaming or turbo.
In maximum the extent permitted by applicable law your only counter-measure for any displeasure of (i) services Twitcha, (ii) any provision in these conditions, the use of services (iii) any rules or used by Twitcha methods of service or (iv) any content or Twitcha information transmitted through services, is closure of its accounts and Twitcha ending the use of any part or all services Twitcha.
Inhabitants for the republic of korea, except in cases where the twitch is reasonable reason to consider that the notification is legally prohibited (for example, when this notification (and) violates existing laws, regulations or the regulatory authorities or (ii) affect ongoing investigations by the regulatory authority) or that any notice may cause harm to you, to third parties, and / or its Twitchowi (for example, where the transfer to affiliated entities security services),'s notice Twitcha why a twitch will immediately inform was taken a step.
15.
Disputes
A.
Indemnizacja
A the permitted by applicable law you agree secure, defend and protect, its related companies, counterparties, Twitcha workers representatives, directors, agents, external suppliers, and partners (individually and collectively licencjodawców described as " entities " against any claims, losses, Twitcha devastation, demands that the expenditure costs and responsibility, including the charges and expenses, arising or related legal use or misuse of services, any user, which you post content Twitcha, or otherwise you write down in services preserve them Twitcha or through them violation by any third party rights you any violation of because of you these conditions the use of services or any fracture made by you claims assurances and commitments.
Talk agreed to immediately inform operators of any third parties, and claims Twitcha twitch reserves the right to at your expense take an independent defence and acquire sole control of any cases where you're supposed to, and you agree to cooperate with Twitcha indemnizacji carried out by the defence of these claims. Twitcha
Twitch make reasonable efforts to inform you of any such claims, actions or proceedings after receiving the information about them.
B.
Concern; there is no guarantee
In maximum extent allowable by law: (a) services and covered by the content and materials made available to them TWITCHA are able to ", as are " without any explicit or implicit guarantee, except in cases clearly set out by in writing; (b) operators TWITCHA TWITCHA shall waive all other guarantees, or alleged, including statutory clear, without restrictions, the implicit guarantees as to the suitability of trade for a specific purpose, for and violation of services, including TWITCHA ban on all information covered by them or material content; (c) twitch not, nor shall ensure that the content of declares or materials in services are accurate, complete, reliable, TWITCHA current or free from error; (d) the twitch is not responsible for errors and omissions in the text or in the photos typographical; and (e) although twitch shall endeavour to ensure safe access and use of a service, can not and don't twitch TWITCHA declares, nor shall ensure that the services or our server (servers) or TWITCHA are free of viruses or other harmful elements and, therefore, the use of recognised by industry software recommend
No advice or information, whether in the form of oral or written, obtained by you from or through services do not constitute TWITCHA TWITCHA which has not been any guarantee clearly set out in this agreement.
C.
The limitation of liability
And.
The limitation of liability
In maximum extent allowable by law: (a) in any event twitch or any responsibility for all entities are not TWITCHA direct, specific, accidental or indirect damage resulting, or any other damage of any kind, including, without limitation, being lost, the loss of data or use, both in its actions for failure to meet profits agreement and (including, without limitation, DELIKTU, negligence or other arising or in any other way related to the use or failure use services, content or materials, including TWITCHA, without limitation any loss caused by or arising as a result of any information obtained from the resulting from errors, omissions, or TWITCHA disturbances, remove files or e-mails errors, viruses, delays action or transmission defects or any distortion of operation, also as a result of force majeure, the distortion caused by communication, stolen, destroyed or unauthorised access to records of applications or services; and (b) in any TWITCHA case basis, regardless of a collective responsibility TWITCHA conditions of the contract, DELIKTU (including active or passive negligence), assigned responsibility
For when the prohibited by law from restrictions such responsibility, to the full extent permitted by twitch limits liability applicable law.
Ii.
The reference
In addition, this limitation of liability apply in respect of the losses incurred by you on account of any products or services sold or made available on any of the sides or otherwise caused by referring third parties other than twitch and obtained in services or through them or obtained by TWITCHA through any referring parties.
Iii.
Legal transactions
Take to news and you do agree that offer services, the contents of the user, twitch TWITCHA and information materials and other content of their prices and made commitments of these conditions has established the use of services based on restrictions and responsibilities as set out in these conditions, guarantee that restrictions guarantees and given in these conditions reflects a reasonable and responsibility between you and equitable distribution of the risk, and that these restrictions and guarantees TWITCHEM responsibilities laid down in these conditions are an essential foundation of transactions between you and TWITCHEM.
Without these restrictions would not have the capacity to provide services to twitch TWITCHA basis. economically reasonable
D.
The applicable law and territorial competence
(I) in the maximum permitted by applicable law you and you agree that, if you're a twitch subskrybującą or other than that indicated below consumer residing in jurisdiction, (ii) applies the following applicable law and the referral:
Read this, carefully, because requires you to take in case of disputes with the consent of the referral and limits the way in which you can TWITCHEM claim compensation from TWITCHA.
You twitch and agreed to settle on arbitration wyrażacie any disputes arising from these conditions, the use of services or your use of services, with the exception that you Twitcha and twitch, you're not obliged to arbitration for settling any differences in which any party requests a fair compensation for the alleged unauthorised use of copyright, trademarks, designations of freight, business secrets or logotypów patents.
Arbitration prevents to seise a court hearing involving or scientific jury.
Twitch wyrażacie agreed to you and to each other in writing of any dispute over a period of thirty (30) days from its wyniknięcia.
To Twitcha notification must be sent to address: twitch, inc., interactive
Attn: legal, 350 bush street, 2nd floor, san francisco, ca 94104, united states.
Also you and agreed to endeavour: twitch wyrażacie to informal resolution of the dispute before we make any request for arbitration; this arbitration was held in santa clara county, california; this arbitration was conducted by an arbitrator in accordance with the principles of confidential organisation; state or federal courts in jams santa clara county, california, have exclusive jurisdiction on any apelacjami and any application between the parties to an arbitration award which does not represent object arbitration.
Outside addressed the kitchens and remedies rozjemca is pozwami entitled to apply any measure, which would be otherwise available to the courts.
Any dispute between the parties will be subject to this agreement and rights and status applicable rights of the united states, california without the impact of any rules on collision rights that may allow the application of law another jurisdiction.
Regardless or dispute has been submitted to an arbitration panel, or to court, you and you don't twitch against each other, class actions arbitration or another collective collective redress.
(Ii) if reside in any jurisdiction in which it was found that the above point, it is impracticable provision of any disputes or claims arising from the use of these conditions the reasons for the action of services or associated with them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law in your place of residence and will be settled by the civil courts properly in your place of residence.
E.
Claims
Twitch WYRAŻACIE that you and every reason claims arising from the consent of the services or related should be brought TWITCHA within one (1) year after the base claims. WYNIKNIĘCIU
Otherwise the basis for claims is time-barred.
16.
Different
A.
Repeal.
If we don't do or not wyegzekwujemy any right or provisions of these conditions the use of services, this will not involve abolish such laws or regulations.
Any repeal any provisions of these conditions the use of services will enter into force only after confirmation in writing and signed by the party.
B.
Separation of
If any provision in these conditions the use of services will be considered illegal ineffective or for any reason, then such a provision is restricted or impracticable eliminated from the use of services in any of these conditions necessary and will have no impact on the validity or the feasibility of any other provisions.
C.
Assignment
This conditions of use of services, as well as any rights and licences granted under this agreement may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be without a carried by Twitcha.
Any attempt to transfer, which are contrary to these conditions the use of services will be invalid.
D.
Will remain in force
After the expiry of these conditions the use of any of their provision, which, by its nature or under clearly defined provisions should remain in force, shall remain in force after such expiry or termination, including, without limitation is concerned points 7, 8, 11, 12 and 15 to 17.
E.
All contracts
Conditions the use of services, together with the sales and guidelines constitute the total community agreement to be concluded between you and Twitchem in view of what this document and should not be modified in a different way than in writing by authorised representatives of the two parties or bearing the signature of a change of these conditions, the use of services made by, as described in section 6 above Twitcha.
17.
Requests for information and how to submit calls for disclosure
All requests for information or documents related to the potential, projected or legal proceedings or disputes current investigations must be made using a legal process an appropriate level and must be properly served through company corporation service company (Twitchowi), registered national agent Twitcha csc.
Below we address the csc in california csc your jurisdiction you can find on the website of the secretary of state):
Twitch interactive, inc.
C / o corporation service company
2710 gateway oaks drive, suite 150n
Sacramento ca 95833, united states.
Twitch note: does not accept the requests for information or documents or service pleadings via email or fax and will not respond to such requests.
Applications shall include the information that may help us identifyingtherelevant (especially on which records services, e.g. Twitcha
Www.twitch.tv and which relate to the user name, e.g.
Username Twitcha: http: / / www.twitch.tv /), which specifically information is requested username and which are connected with the checked by you issue.
Please also bear in mind that reducing its proposal to significant records (e.g.
From limited period of) ensures better processing the application.
Twitcha services are offered by a twitch, inc. interactive
Located at 350 bush street, 2nd floor, san francisco, ca 94104, united states.
E-mail: help @ twitch.tv.
If reside in california, you can receive the same information by e-mail after sending to this address letter in which is attached your e-mail address and the request for this information.
18.
Specific conditions for the soundtrack Twitcha
Soundtrack Twitcha (hereinafter " soundtrack, "), which is part of the services, is a tool for which Twitcha streamerów allows designers playing music in the background, their live on the licensed and transmission of these recordings streamów, which do not contain such a music. streamów
Draw instalując, and / or otherwise using the soundtrack you do agree that collection, and / or the use of on installation of the use of services will be subject to this conditions.
Apply guidelines for the community and guidelines for Twitcha also music.
Recommend consultation with both resources before resorting to the soundtrack.
Soundtrack was from a desire to to offer a wide range of licensed creators Twitcha music to live. streamowania
To become possible, acquired from many different right-holders twitch licenses and continues to do so, to add new tracks to the station and playlists on.
Twitch also designed to enable the creation of recording their creators soundtrack live, which do not contain such a music. streamów
License acquired by allow access to these materials to use Twitcha by you in live on your channel. streamach Twitcha
Music and other materials made available by the soundtrack are not covered by licence to use them for you in materials, in materials, which may previously recorded at the request of (such as streamowane be and clips) or outside services Vod-y Twitcha.
This means that you can not:
Create content at the request of containing material from the soundtrack-with the aim of reducing. we designed soundtrack
Correct configuration allows you to creation and exploitation without music recordings live, which contained music from streamów ost; and
Streamować live content containing music or other materials from the soundtrack outside services Twitcha.
Failure to comply with this principle may lead to the notification of the alleged infringement of copyright by the copyright holders and their representatives.
To warn you that we want at the end of the right to music, sometimes evolve.
Because then we reserve the right to modify or remove certain works or other materials from the soundtrack at any time (for example, if it will be necessary to comply with the licence or the corresponding provisions). assumptions
Twitch is not responsible for the way in which users benefit from services. on
