Staff the use of services ubisoft
Menu
Staff the use of services ubisoft
Last updated: 12 may 2020
" All on the same principles " grams
Welcome to the world ubisoft.
Please consult the rules of procedure.
Team ubisoft provides authentic and in memory of the impression. players haunting
Thunder thanks, applications and services online (which we call on witrynom our " services ") our players may have a good time, to share their experiences with other and develop their skills.
Each user to fully benefit from our services, could we rules governing every aspect of the communities and our entire society-our existing user other players, as well as ourselves.
Recourse to the services and content, which is tantamount to definitions are listed below, this " rules. "
1 a service and the content of the writer?
At this point are services and list of documents with which definition are to be consulted before being given access to services.
1.
1 ubisoft services (" ") shall be game content services to download, seasonal, and other software passes for games (written to a or another medium natural or available for download or streaming), as well as other software and internet services and mobile, including their role online and other, together with their updates and new functionality versions, websites, platform and related any other ubisoft, service platform Uplay +, organised events on live Uplay servers, software and infrastructure, by means of which they are now or in the future made available to the user by the company ubisoft entertainment.
A.
Or any of the subsidiaries or associated with this company, in particular, ubisoft sas and gmbh (including " emea ubisoft " or " we). " ubisoft
1.
2 this regulation (the ') lays down rules for access and use of these services by the user (" user ").
Using services and content (according to the definitions below) is tantamount to and an undertaking by the user to comply with this regulation and the existing criteria, age and territorial.
To the different services may apply additional conditions such as
Staff sales store, license agreement the end-user and ubisoft code of conduct (" code of conduct ").
In addition, this policy will understand how the user privacy we use personal data which we can, when the user makes use of our services collected.
Please acquaint himself with all these documents before being given access to services.
" Content ' means all components which form part of services, in particular those occurring in games, elements, maps, action game, awatary personalization graphics,, music and sound, text messages and all elements information names, recitals, objects, suits, effects dialogues, protected by password place form, graphs, idea, video, audio-visual, the effects of choreografie domain.
Content elements are also prepared by the user or other users, which are user-generated content by users (in accordance with the definition given in.
Virtual warluta (11); as defined in ubisoft p.
3.
3) and content (as defined in the test.
12).
1.
3 services and content are not subject to sales and user shall be made available on the basis of a licence.
This means that we are providing personal limited, and nieprzenoszalnej user to use the services and odwołalnej licence access to content for entertainment purposes, non-commercial, subject to compliance with the provisions of this regulation.
2 of how to create account and what you should know prior to its creation?
Including section describes step by step process and security rules in force during the account creation and the choice of a user name and / or ubisoft required to access to services. avatar
2.
1 to access and be able to benefit from certain services, including the option to play may need to be online account ") (" the creation of the account ubisoft.
User can create an account, giving accurate, complete and current data, including active e-mail address.
Possible that we will have to verify the user, including the telephone number of the data and e-mail address, in order to ensure the safety of persons minors and other users and reduce the risk of fraud.
User undertakes to send the necessary documents (e.g.
A copy of the identity card or passport) to our request, in any way.
In case of doubt or questions relating to user accounts, please go to a website https: / / support.ubi.com / account or https: / / account.ubisoft.com.
2.
2 security account.
Any actions to be taken in account using, in particular, purchases of services password for user, shall be considered acts committed by the user.
To ensure the safety accounts should be:
(A) set a password alphanumeric.
For security reasons, we have the right rejected slogan that is not strong enough to secure user account.
(B) set password, which is different from all other passwords and used by the user and regularly amend them.
Activate verification (c) and other security in currently accounts available 2-etapową.
(D) never should not be available data his account (username, password, etc.)
Other people.
Never please users for disclosure established password.
(E) never authorise other persons to have access and / or the use of user accounts.
2.
3 user undertakes immediately notify us of any unauthorised use username, password or other data accounts or breaches for related to services, via the: https: / / support.ubi.com.
2.
Setting avatar / 4 username.
To gain access to certain services and to be able to use them, which may be necessary to create a username and / or password.
These elements will be linked to the user account and seen by other users.
Therefore recommend that should not be given in the username his true name names.
Selected username or (and) can not be that form of avatar state themselves, as the name or linked to another user, and account form of avatar state (ii) may not contain any of the name " " or " ubisoft " or logo ubi ubisoft.
So we reserve the right to reject chosen by the user user name and / or avatar according to our. sole discretion
2.
5 possession of more than one account.
User may set up more than one account, unless we can express consent.
In such cases, the user undertakes to our request additional close account or agrees to its closure by us.
3 what are the conditions for use of our service?
At this point is described conditions on the use of certain services and content (e.g.
Forums virtual currency) and certain road access to our services (including access mobile).
3.
1 forums.
The services may include forums, group information, and other forms of online discussion forums (chats collectively referred to as "). " forums
Using forums, the user should be aware that his form of avatar state username and messages are public and seen by other users present in forums (unless it is a forum private).
User sent messages on its own responsibility.
User sole responsibility for their transmission, the publication and circulation.
During contacts with other users forums should comply with the following security measures:
Never should not be available information on the basis of which the user can be identified in real life.
Never to go out on meeting the people to chat rooms, especially if the person is poznanymi asks for discussions or meetings in secret; not behaviour should be taken of calls for applications and channels of outside services.
Behaviour should be reported and content, which appear to be inappropriate, including discussions on suspects or chat rooms, through which the user feel nasty.
Talk to people with your surroundings and should use the blacklist, if available in service, not to receive effects messages.
3.
2 ubisoft store.
User may acquire products in our online store available at https: / / store.ubi.com / or through the application Uplay.
Restrict user we have the right to acquire products on the basis of various criteria, inter alia,
Century limited availability of the product in question, etc.
We can offer to be a periodic promotions conditions.
3.
3 points, a virtual currency.
We have a right of access licences for provided to a user or use of online or offline our services, including virtual points, coins or (including called " virtual currency currency '). ubisoft
Receipt from us or from our authorised partner is synonymous with the digital currency ubisoft, limited, nieprzenoszalnej, personal granting user of access licences for non-exclusive and odwołalnej digital currency, which was clearly made available ubisoft user.
Virtual ubisoft, there is no currency or any other figure monetary value outside services.
Ubisoft digital currency can not be sold, or replaced transfer cash.
Mention solely on content available it may be as part of the service.
Virtual ubisoft shall not be returned, and currency is not the repayment of money for unused user except where the currency that may be required by law.
After listing digital currency on content, user has no right to ubisoft, nor to content or receive refund received.
3.
4 wallet.
User may receive on their account access to electronic portfolio (" ") portfolio
Portfolio is not bank account or payment instrument, and measures which user in him put:
Are not personal movables,
Can be used only for the acquisition of us content or services
Outside services have no value and can not be converted into cash, and
Shall not be reimbursed or transfer, unless this is required by law.
Specify the maximum amount of funds: we have the right
That user may have in their portfolio;
That user can supply its portfolio within day / month and / or;
That user may issue, by exercising its portfolio.
Set limits may be periodically updated by our recognition.
3.
5 prepaid cards.
Can to enable the acquisition of prepaid cards and / or use of prepaid cards to the acquisition of content and / or services and / or power supply portfolio.
If amount held by user limits referred to in reached p.
3.
4 user can not be assigned its portfolio charter przedpłaconą.
3.
6 technical conservation measures, connection to the internet, digital rights management.
Some services may be by us protected by technical conservation measures and the management of rights, including digital
Security physical, digital watermarking, digital keys, direct activation powers.
To gain access to functions online, and the use of some of the chance to play online content, including content, which can be released only once using code, and to certain services protected unique technology digital rights management, the user may need to standing with an internet connection with high speed.
3.
7 mobile services.
Some services are also available on mobile phones, and other mobile devices compatible, smartfonach tabletach.
Using services on mobile devices of the person who pay the bill for requires the consent of the mobile device, and with an internet connection.
Use of a service on a mobile may be associated with net fees for which no we have any liability connection.
Under certain mobile services the user is able to make purchases and mikrotransakcji in games.
Comfort the use of services may vary depending on the possibilities and functions of the mobile device and networks.
We can not guarantee that the use of services offered by other comfort devices.
4 how we can modify our services?
Including section describes the circumstances in which we can modify our services and content, including the current price.
4.
1 background.
Not giving any guarantees on the availability of services at all times, our worldwide and / or on each appliance.
Not giving any guarantees for the minimum period of time during which the service in question will be available.
So we reserve the right to withdraw at any time, all or part of the services.
4.
2 change in prices.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to changes in the price of services, including the transformation services payable on service available free of charge, and vice versa.
Amendment will apply only to contracts made after its entry into force.
4.
3 amendment access to services and content.
(A) we have the right at any time and from any cause, in particular for technical reasons, such as updates, maintenance work or restart modify content in order to improve or optimisation of services.
(B) we can to enable the or to ask him for collection of the software updates, and / or other patches of applications and tools to be supplied by us or our licencjodawców ("). " software ubisoft
This we user personal and non-exclusive licensing of a software nieprzenoszalnej ubisoft, without territorial restrictions, for a period of protection of intellectual property rights related to the software ubisoft, solely for the purpose the use of services.
Determined we have the right conditions for use of the software at the time of bringing it to the user. ubisoft
Performance ubisoft software and services may vary depending on the equipment used.
User periodic updates or modifications can provide ubisoft, which may be necessary software to further the use of services.
(C) modifications may affect the services and / or the functioning of the rights acquired by user or cause loss of progress in the game.
(D) we are also entitled:
Determine maximum number of days in which the content will be written to services;
To identify the maximum volume of messages that can only be dispatched and receive through the accounts;
Determined maximum capacity memory assigned by our to user accounts servers;
Determine the maximum number of services, together with the user accesses the maximum duration of each access in that period.
5 what principles, in order to ensure safe and environmentally friendly are fair game environment?
At this point is described rules of conduct which must comply with the user, and practices which are prohibited, in order to ensure a friendly, safe and fair environmental game.
5.
1 we wish to guarantee each user friendly, safe and based on respect the environment, both during the game, and at any other time when using our services.
Is particularly important for us, because among users of our services are people of all ages, including adolescents.
That each could feel part of such a user, secure and fair communities need a benevolent is that users following rules (" rules of conduct " comply with).
5.
2 user may use the services solely for purposes of lawful and in accordance with their objectives.
Use of a service in breach of applicable law or provisions is prohibited.
5.
3 below is a non-exhaustive list of banned practices, which may result in the initiation of the investigation by our staff and the imposition of penalties (as p.
6):
1.
Any false data during account (e-mail address, registration date of birth, etc.).
2.
Establishment and use of incorrect username or avatar.
This includes
The use of names or images:
· wulgaryzmy, containing reference or speech hatred for przyzwalających sexual violence against children, terrorism, fascism; or
· containing any references to the religion, political opinion or could easily cause disputes or divisions.
3.
Impersonating other users or our representatives.
This includes:
· creation of accounts with high to existing accounts or user of similarity under this user without a clear intention to those lined his / her consent;
· publishing comments or which would suggest that the creation of accounts are derived from our representatives or persons with similar powers.
4.
Znieważanie, persecution or users and / or intimidation of our (i.e.
Our workers, members of our community (moderator, etc.)) major players
Using any form of communication,
Tools to create content, ims in the game or sites or forums voice) by any medium, instant messaging service and / or on the third parties.
This includes:
· Trollowania (entries that deliberately posting or are not on the causing controversy, in order to provoke other users),
· Flejmów (continuous), other users insulting
· Spamowania (posting or not related to the topic of posts or posting absurd repeatedly the same or similar entries)
· language use or content, which are inappropriate, illegal, dangerous, threats, are, contain offensive, obscene about clearly obelżywe sexual vulgar, minorities, affecting the privacy, promoting hatred, racist, homophobic, sexist, that is inconsistent with ethical principles or transfobiczne bearing the characteristics of persecution.
5.
Making threats for minors and bad behaviour terms, including minors:
· grooming (encourage users to unseemly or illegal in the context of actions and / or outside);
· comments messages private user-generated content by users, which relate to inadequate behaviour to minors.
Physical violence and sexual exploitation, pornographic material and any other obscene content;
· other actions or comments referred to in the rules of procedure, addressed to the minors or concerning them.
6.
Use services of any measures that are not by us, in order to collect clearly admitted or data capture other users.
This includes:
· phishing attacks (attempts to defraud from another personal data, data or other user account information of a private);
· doxingu (disclosure, in another way or provide anyone reproducing personal data different user);
· sniffingu (theft or data capture by tracking network traffic).
7.
Use elements that infringe intellectual property rights or other rights enjoyed by us or any other entities.
8.
Unauthorised disclosure of information, i.e.
Creation, use, provision and / or the publication of using any measures within services and / or outside, any content that infringe the obligation to confidentiality right of a natural person to privacy or which encourage acts illegal (e.g.
Piracy cracking or dissemination of software). non-original
9.
Sale, lease, placing on the market, arrangement, modification,,, programming feedback decompilation deasemblacja translation, adaptation, play, distribution, dissemination, repostowanie, transmission, copying, cataloguing and / or dump any information programmes, products or automatyzowanie other elements of the content and / or services using any means, without the explicit consent.
10.
Modifying distortion,, blocking, in a way, slowing debiting strained disturbing and / or preventing the normal operation of all or part of the services or other users access to them, or operation of the network partner, as well as attempted any of these activities.
This includes
Attacking type Ddos.
Distributed denial-of-service), aimed at blocking services.
11.
Transmission or dissemination of viruses, horses, worms, bombs, malicious files of the trojan and / or other harmful tools or damaged data and / or organisation attacks or any part in attacks on our servers and / or services, or servers and service providers and / or our partners.
12.
Using or putting into circulation of computer programs to automation and, in particular of providing macro use and / or putting into circulation of programs or applications type,,, notes or cheaty hacki boty trainery.
13.
Using or putting into circulation services through services twins.
14.
Another type of manipulation, which gives the user (and / or members of the team) unfair advantage (e.g.
Wallhacki aimhacki), or adversely affect the experience of other users.
15.
Use of a live broadcast to gain unfair advantage or other streamera in the game, e.g. persecution streamera
Stream sniping.
16.
Each behaviour, which distorts in the game on the general sequence of game forum or any service, and in particular:
· spamowanie,
· AFK status.
Away from keyboards),
· farming,
· advertising of other products or seeking not,
· persecution in the game or behaviour, in particular members of his killing is unsportsmanlike team, out of the game due to anger caused by the premature her mileage blocking interaction between players and / or other behaviour in the game, which aim to disruption or interruption of general course of game.
17.
Defects errors, which the user can exercise or using unfair advantage over other users or threaten an overall balance or services. ekonomice
18.
Benefiting from the aid other users or offering assistance to other users in order to gain unfair advantage.
This includes:
· combination of oszukującymi users;
· combination with more experienced users in order to increase its level of / statistics in the areas normally reserved for game new users;
· the creation of alternative accounts in order to join forces with the new or less experienced users, in order to help them at an unfair raise the level of / statistics.
19.
Acquisition, use and / or the unauthorised by third parties, such as the benefits developed services capable of raising the profile of selection of players.
20.
Obtaining or attempt to obtain a unauthorised access to service elements.
21.
The establishment, provision, use of alternative methods of use of services, such as
Emulatorów servers.
22.
Again to reproduce the wording, which were already in forums or other services. moderowane
23.
Blocking voice, targeted use of sound to others. jamming ceilings
24.
Restrictions relating to the service through regional circumvention of the proxy servers network or other tools. vpn
25.
Improper use of option " aid ' or " come in " or transmission functions, including our personnel panel
Support client, false declarations.
26.
Fraud withdrawal measures, as a transaction made credit card or " load feedback " resulting negative balance. creation
Load feedback may occur due to theft credit card, identity theft or the use of cards by members of the family or friends without the consent of its holder.
27.
Fraud, trying to cheat or mislead others in order to achieve gain.
28.
The acquisition, sale, lease, making available, lending, conversion or transfer in any other way property accounts and / or the means of access to accounts and / or allow to a third party in any way the use of it, as part of the services or the third party.
29.
Command non-compliance with our representative.
6 the penalties in order to prevent unauthorised practices and their we control?
Including section describes some steps and legal, that we can take disciplinary in the fight against practices, which have a deleterious effect on the environment of the game and our community.
To infringements of this regulation and / or the code of conduct have the right to impose penalties on users.
Penalties shall be determined individually, based on a number of different criteria, in particular the seriousness of the infringement, the number of infringements and their impact on services, other users and / or of our.
Below is a non-exhaustive list of applied by us penalties: 1.
The warnings, 2.
Deactivation username and password, 3. avatar
Withdrawal progress in the game to the original condition, 4.
Account reduction in the level or levels / in the service, the number of points 5.
Limiting access to the various functions (e.g.
Sites) in one or more services, 6.
Temporary blocking access account to one or more services, 7.
Long-term blocking access account to one or more services, 8.
Preventing access to a particular service or several services on a given device, and / or 9.
Suspension or closure of the accounts and / or the possibility of one or more services or the part of the services in accordance with.
8.
2.
In order to detect prohibited practices and / or impose appropriate penalties, we have a use and / or external solutions to hedge against their own deception.
In case of suspicion that the user has done unlawfully within services or outside, you have a limit the user access to all or part of services, in order to ensure our users, safe and fair game environment friendly.
So we reserve the right to take legal action in addition on the basis of civil and criminal law, in order to force the user to end the infringement of its legal and contractual obligations and obtain compensation for losses incurred by the us.
Particularly reserve the right to hold their user zastrzegamy who deliberately damaged or tried to damage services or the proper functioning of services or granted to support disrupted in such actions.
7 how to make content, which is illegal?
At this point provided on the procedures for reporting content, which are inconsistent with the rules of procedure and according to the user / or violate intellectual property rights of third parties.
7.
1 reporting illegal content with the rules.
If you think the content available through the services are not compatible with this regulation may declare them using options, if available " report ' service, or by contacting the for
Support customer at https: / / support.ubi.com.
So that we can quickly reply to notification user, it should conclude as much information:
Indicate the date of the application;
State your name, the name, address and e-mail address;
Specify and describe the content of which the user is incompatible with the rules of procedure, with an indication of their exact location;
Explain why, according to the user are incompatible with the regulations and content should be removed, indicating the relevant section and, where possible evidence;)
Conclude statement of accuracy of the information contained in the declaration.
7.
2 reporting of the content of the infringing intellectual property rights.
Respect for intellectual property rights and others we expect the same from users.
If user considers that any content available in the framework of its intellectual property rights, may affect service declare them by sending e-mail address Copyright-infringement, indicating the information listed below @ ubisoft.com:
The information listed in p.
7.
1;
Proof user is entitled to act on behalf of the holder of the goods subject to an alleged breach or-if you have, on behalf of its companies-the type of entity, name, seat and his position to user in it takes;
Clearly showing of a work protected by intellectual property rights user, which is the subject, as well as an indication of any circumstances an alleged infringement of proving the existence of user rights;
Where appropriate, information on the registration these rights or applications for their registration, including information on the country of registration or the country in which an application for registration, the protection and the registration number or the application number;
Copy letter sent to the author of the disputed content from demand removal or modification of the content or declaration of absence of the possibility of contact with him.
7.
3 response to notification.
After notification then we reserve the right to the user by our recognition.
In particular, the right to remove and / or so we reserve the declared content and commitment to end users deactivation of the use of such content.
In case of removal or deactivation of the content of the published by the user in breach of the rules of procedure and / or intellectual property rights of third parties, then we reserve the right to impose penalties on the user, referred to in.
6.
User acknowledges that unfounded and informed in order to enforce their notification content removal or prevent them through our service is contrary to the dissemination of law and police.
8 or user account may be closed?
At this point explained the circumstances in which user account may be closed by us or by the user and what the consequences are the closure of the account.
Yes.
Account may be closed on our initiative or on the initiative of the user.
8.
1 closure of the accounts at the initiative of the user.
User may at any time to close its account, the form available at: https: / / or to close your account at: support.ubi.com https: / / account.ubisoft.com, in the section " account information ', particularly if it does not accept regulation or of its amendments.
8.
2 closure of the accounts or to restrict access to services, at our initiative.
We have the right at any time, automatically and by our sole discretion to suspend or close user account and prevent him the use of one or more services or their parts: if you received from us a formal request for proof of identity or cessation of certain actions, maintain or violations of this regulation; if we have reasonable grounds to believe that these rules of procedure (including user breached the rules of procedure) or the conditions applicable to any services; from any other reason relating to the activities user within or outside services; after notification user if user account is inactive for at least six months.
If you have more than one account, then we reserve the right to suspend or close all user accounts after suspension or closure by us one of them, according to the procedure.
8.
3 the effects of closure / suspension of the account.
There are no more use of services and content.
Loss and can be removed by us user profile and the related information to the user, including the content that have given user issued, or made available in services, in particular the added username avatar created by the user. and content
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to the storage of personal data related to the current user profile for a reasonable period of time in accordance with our policy of privacy.
User can not recreate the accounts without the explicit consent, that we can offer at its discretion and that you could ask at https: / / support.ubi.com.
For closure account user access to the accounts and all saved files will lose and progress in the game relating to services.
For closure account or restrictions on access to services linked to that account user will not have any measures for unused services (return unused part of the period, unused or virtual currency subscription points) or can be exchanged for cash ubisoft.
9 or adolescents can benefit from our service?
At this point explained how adolescents may create an account and to gain access to our services with the help of his parent / guardian.
9.
1 where, in accordance with the law of the country of residence, the user is a kid, user should refer to this regulation with the help of parent or guardian.
9.
2 recommend that parents or carers controlled game, especially if they play their children online, and were made available by the us and / or our partners solutions in the field of parental control.
Encourage to visit the " a " prepared in cooperation with experts, parent players and parents, available at https: / / ubisoft.com / / company / where en-us parents.aspx responding to frequently asked questions and giving advice and guidance.
9.
3 we have the right restricting access to certain services on the basis of age and in the case of minors below a certain age we can enable them to benefit from certain services only with the consent of parent or guardian.
9.
4 as far as possible permitted by law we don't take any responsibility for action minors taken without the consent of their parent or guardian.
In any event, that parents and legal guardians will be held responsible for the use of services by adolescents.
For parent or guardian legal consent to his child in order to use the services of registration is tantamount to) the use of services by a child.
10 to intellectual property rights are associated with our services and content?
Including section provides information about the rights associated with our services and the content of our rules of procedure and transmission of content.
10.
1 services and content are protected by the national and international law and the treaties.
Save as otherwise provided clearly defined in this regulation, we, our licensee and intellectual property rights (licensor so we reserve as defined below) to services and content.
Reproduction reproduce or in any way and for any purpose of prior consent without our is prohibited.
" Intellectual property rights " means patents, the right to inventions, copyright and neighbouring rights, trade marks, trade names, related rights, the right to image, trade secrets, domain, rights to other commercial designations, the right to goodwill or the right to request to take legal action in connection with the illegal use of brand, rights deriving from provisions on the fight against unfair competition, design rights, the rights to the computer software, the right to databases, the right to topography, moral rights, the right to confidential information (including know-how and business secrets) and all other intellectual property rights, regardless of whether they have been registered or not, including applications for such rights, as well as the reopening of negotiations or enlargement and any similar or equivalent rights or existing forms of protection at any place in the world.
10.
2 user has the right to sent in a service or outside reviews, comments, suggestions, proposals, materials and opinions (" sent " content).
Appreciate in such a form involvement, but notes that the user we have no obligation to content, which we have not sent ordered and, in particular, we have no obligation to take, analyse, or speak to users submitted materials or confirm recenzować reception sent content.
User acknowledges that the products, services and functionality prepared by us or published may appear similar or identical sent content, which have not been that we ordered.
11 what are the conditions of reproducing the wording in our services /?
Including section describes the various types of content, which the user can create, publish and make available within our services and related rights, which the user it provides us and other users.
Ubisoft offers the user to: (i) the creation of content, the possibility of which may be genuine or not be the subject of any rights (" user-generated content by the users ' or " ") using the tools or in it some cases also content available under certain services user by ubisoft and (ii) publication of those in the framework of services or on other sides ' internet or other media under the conditions set out below.
If you will, undertakes to comply with the provisions of this ' conditions in each case, during and after creation. '
These conditions will remain in force also from which account.
11.
' Resulting from the previously existing contents ubisoft 1:
User acknowledges that can be developed and produced using it tools or on the basis of the previously existing content belonging to such as in particular and without ubisoft, restrictions, titles, form, names, recitals, objects fictitious, decorations, suits, effects texts, slogans place characters, dialogues diagrams, ideas, projects, graphics, animations, sound, musical compositions, and other performances, video, effects choreografie audiovisual, user-friendly functions and other elements of the games or services.
With regard to this user declares that agrees that ubisoft became the sole owner of all rights relating to that of the existing will create user ' content, whenever they arise. ubisoft
Accepting these conditions, the user agrees to transfer at the same time, free of charge and without a irrevocably to ubisoft, all the rights which the user can have in relation to, including '
Rights trade marks, patents, business secrets, copyright, related rights and related rights to privacy, in order to allow the free use of the following rights, ubisoft particular such as:
1.
The right to reproduce, permanently or temporarily, in any manner or form, by means of all known or measures, in particular, still unknown:
· right to connections in whole or in part from all ' products and services ubisoft;
· right to collection, display, exercise, and wgrywania transfer or storage in any way, at any place and on whatever medium, and all products containing all or part of it. '
· right to organise, correction, develop, translation, digitisation, or in any other way coding and for the dissemination of any of the modification ' these activities, by any means and on all vehicles of existing or future;
· right to make a copy of all or part of the and all products containing all or part of it, including modified or translated version of it, in the number of copies of which will, in any way at all and ubisoft media (in particular digital media, cd, cd-rom, dvds, games, mobile phones, pda, of the internet, etc.);
· right placing on the market, in return for remuneration or free of charge, and to disseminate (including the rental, sales and lending) whole or in part, including a modified or it, and all products containing it przearanżowane versions, by any process and on any medium known or unknown yet;
· right to reproduce in any way, in any form whatsoever ' and on whatever medium, as necessary to the exercise of rights to use referred to below;
2.
The right to represent and broadcasting in all areas accessible to the public, and it all over the place private by any means in any way, and through any known or unknown yet measures (in particular through the ground station, satellite and cable, using fibre, pay or free television, a electronically internet, adsl, video, web television platforms and stream video streakingu, tv, tv on mobile phones, MMDS catch-up tv);
3.
It the right to use in any way in commercial or non-commercial purposes, in order to presentation, promotion and advertising for all products and services ubisoft;
4.
Law to provide public or any other product containing in how it ' far, in particular by transfer licence or any agreement, temporarily or permanently, in return for payment or free of charge, by any means known or unknown at present, in particular via the internet or any digital network, pay-tv paid systems or television broadcasting in general by all games media or network (especially analogue and digital networks and the media, telecommunications networks and media and computer networks and media);
5.
Right to produce or order any new products or services on the basis of production or on the basis of any product covering it ', in its current form or modified by ubisoft reprodukowanych or by a third party; any selected
6.
Right use with other products containing, i.e. it '
In particular:
· right to use or use of the whole or in part and any products containing in any ' ' form, with or without adjustment to benefit in the form of goods commercial in particular to publish or production: books and comic guides after games or on the basis of scenario or books resulting games or service reviews, the graphics calendars, stationery, stickers, posters, office supplies, accessories for computers or game consoles, wallpaper computer, screensavers, statues of, games, toys in any materials, fabrics, dishes, drawings, advertising material (in particular displayed on the internet), reproduction of audio and visual and emails performances (in particular films, reports, documentaries, shows, amusement parks, etc.) scenowych,
And all other facilities, which contain all or part of its content, or in the form of decoration in it, packaging or presentation;
· entitled to the production of ", " ", " " prequeli sequeli spin-off of additives, " continue, the conversion of any game or other materials containing on every platform, in any language ' and in any form, as the writer;
And generally all powers in connection with its author works. owned
This transfer all over the world, and for the protection of follows each in existing regulations. '
Ubisoft, or any third party to whom the rights for has been transmitted pursuant to this article, it may report or record any requests for intellectual property rights relating to it in its own name, in all the countries in the world.
User undertakes to (i) signature and provide all the necessary documents required by ubisoft, or by a party for which rights were transferred to all for registration, and in particular to sign any request / request act transfer or other document which may be necessary in order to allow or to a third party to which law ubisoft for registration have been transferred and for the acquisition of patents, property rights, protection of trade marks and other forms of protection, relating to and to be perceived as a holder of all ' property rights and property rights relating to and (ii) to ensure that all it necessary assistance or to a third party to which law ubisoft were transferred to the writer or a third party, in any activity that procedure or any steps aimed at application records of this article, both in poland and abroad.
For judgment by the court, that some or all rights relating to set up by the user can not be effectively it transferred to ubisoft in accordance with article 11.
1 user will ubisoft, free of charge, permanently or for the entire period of legal protection of intellectual property rights, in accordance with the ' irrevocable and the right to use, reproduction, provide transferable, changes display, distribution and use in accordance with article 11. ' generally
1, by whatever means, on all known or unknown yet supports, for all purposes (both commercial and non-commercial) throughout the world, without the need for user as a creator, ' the remembrance of subject to technical or operational restrictions.
Similarly user granted free of charge to users of these services and other games, permanently or for the entire period of legal protection of intellectual property rights, in accordance with the ' right to benefit from the established it niewyłącznego irrevocable and published by the user, in order to benefit from the games and the services offered by ubisoft, all over the world, within the limits permitted by ubisoft, and in particular to use, the display, copying, adaptation and modification of this and the creation of works in the context of derivatives '.
License will continue to apply after each partial cancellation of a licence granted by ubisoft to benefit from the services or user of these conditions.
Use user, drawn up on the basis of previously existing content ubisoft ':
User undertakes not to make use of developed on the basis of the previously existing content ' UBISOF without complying with the strict conditions stated below.
Ubisoft non-exclusive licences and user this grants personal odwoływalnej at any time from being an unalienable, to benefit from the created by the user on the basis of existing ' content worldwide and in time, ubisoft, the use of services, in order to:
Recordings them on the computer, cellular phone or another medium used to use user services,
Transfer their friends, and benefiting from the user services
Wgrania and use them as part of the services or other services or partner network, authorised by ubisoft ubisoft.
Other users of the service user personal licence, grant at any time, and from being an unalienable odwoływalnej non-exclusive to avail themselves of that created within the framework of services as it with these conditions.
Conditions of such a licence are set out in article 6.
4.
11.
2 ' showing the image:
' If that created and published his image, he shall submit the right to use its user grants ubisoft in terms of allowing further service image ubisoft throughout the world and with this image, for the duration of the services in question.
User is for this purpose, agreed that image was used by ubisoft user containing it under the conditions described in article 11.
1.
If which published as part of the service user ' image to any other person, shall ensure that has already allowed the user person to use its image by ubisoft in accordance with this article 11, and undertakes to pay the full compensation for any damage that may be incurred by ubisoft for reasonable actions, complaints, activities or complaints from any third party regarding the use of the image of that person by writer.
11.
' 3, which are not generated on the basis of the previously existing content ubisoft:
' Created by the user through for each services, regardless of the existing before content ubisoft, agrees to user free of charge and his licensees, distributors, agents ubisoft, representatives and other authorised users, licence, which will, irrevocable, transferable (in non-exclusive whole or in part) and unlimited in time (or important throughout the period of the legal protection of intellectual property rights) in accordance with the ' use of his copying, expressing, transmission ', highlighting, premiere, distribution,, adaptation, correction, development, indexing translation, digitisation coding and other (including without limitation, adding modifications comments, removal of texts and music or replace their words and music chosen by), the creation of derived products on the basis of ubisoft, in particular, of commercial goods (in accordance with the ' defined in article 11.
1 above), their presentation in different fields, and the use of in whole or in part, on all media and by all ways and processes of known and unknown at present and throughout the world, for any purpose, including, without limitation, entertainment, information, publicity, promotion and sales of all services or products for commercial purposes or ubisoft advertising (hereinafter " licence "). '
Are hereby adopted that include licensing on all licence ' property rights relating to the user, its trade marks, patents, ' business secrets and other intellectual property rights of industrial and related rights and contained in. '
11.
4 in all cases:
User any use for commercial purposes is completely prohibited. '
The ability to create or publish any content by the user is ' service element offered by, which does not entitle the user to any ubisoft remuneration, including in situations where it is made available to other users of games or services ';
User ubisoft, provides that content (or other), which the user shall publish it in the use of a service does not affect the rights of any third party (of personal rights, the right to privacy or other rights), and in particular not constitute an infringement of property rights does not constitute an act of unfair competition, also lani in relation to situations where content is used by the service ubisoft;
User undertakes not to create, use, made available and service publish any element of (text, images, audio, film, etc.)
Which may be recognised at any time, of course, for illegal aggression, minorities, pornographic, vulgar, racist, obscene may instigate hatred, pornographic, cruel or which have threat to public policy;
Are personally responsible for the creation, use and write his service content and undertakes to cover damage, and, where appropriate, its ubisoft, licensees and successors in title, licencjodawców and their workers, cesjonariuszy managers and directors (collectively referred to as " partners ") in the event of appeal, actions claims or applications against or its partners as a result of use or ubisoft publication of the content of the user.
Ubisoft reserves the right to conduct my own defence at its own expense and has sole control of any action which might lead to compensation on the part of the user.
User agree to cooperate fully with ubisoft in such cases, at the request to defend their interests.
User understands and accepts that, except where the withdrawal by, which were published by the user ubisoft ' in the service after ubisoft has been informed of the obvious illegality or infringement of personal rights by him ' or the right to privacy or other rights of third parties, will be linked to the username and ' these data will be available to all users of services throughout the exercise of service.
As allowed by the applicable law, and if copyright personal and other similar rights (" copyright personal rights ') in relation to exist and are not solely owned by ubisoft, ' user undertakes not to rely on moral rights it to or benefit in relation to or its partners and other authorised ubisoft users and shall be responsible for the same commitment from another person to obtain which may benefit from the moral rights to it.
12 can you take part in our test?
At this point describes the general conditions for participation in our tests (including tests of alpha, beta and tests). grywalności
Yes.
We have the right to propose involved in testing services or content, user which had not yet issued (e.g.
Phase alpha, beta, tests, etc.) grywalności
In order to detect errors and / or improve their functioning (" "). beta tests
If you qualify for participating in the trials beta and agrees:
(A) the user in the first instance will be required to sign a non-disclosure agreement and other relevant documents.
User notes (b) that the beta of content and services (" content test ') provides, confidential information which belong to us.
(C) the user may be asked to describe their excitement and suggestions.
Your emotions and suggestions received during the tests will be our sole ownership. beta
Test content (d) shall be made available in such as user can are, and in accordance with the accessibility, without any explicit or implicit guarantees.
User acknowledges that uses the content on its own responsibility, that test they may contain errors and that progress and test data beta may at any time be removed.
(E) user takes note that any violation of the obligations related to the user may result in irreversible damage beta tests on our side and that entitles us to take steps in order to prevent the infringement or risk of breach of the obligations in order to obtain the user or compensation for damage resulting from without prejudice to the right to the closure of the user accounts.
Monitor our services 13 or?
At this point, explained how we can monitor our services, in particular opinions and comments by users in forums in the content or to appear created by the users.
We don't take any responsibility for opinions, advice and / or recommendations published or sent by the users via the services, including public fora, and not be under them. sign
Overall responsibility for this kind of news are zamieszczający users. it
Subject to the requirements of existing legislation, we do not have the obligation to monitor content, content created by users, messages or any other information provided by users via the services.
We have the right, but is not required to supervise, monitor and our services, in particular on the moderować main and forums.
Not giving any guarantees as to the validity, originality, accuracy or any content, and / or service message content created by the users.
14 whether our services are made available by third parties and whether the services are displayed content of third parties.
This section is making our services through platforms of third parties (console, services, etc.) streamingowych
And display by us, within our services, content third parties in the form of advertisements.
Yes.
Some services are available on websites / to third parties (i.e. platforms
Producers console, services, etc.) streamingowych
Where services through such services / platforms, has an obligation to act according to the user their rules of procedure.
In case of conflict with this regulation prevail will be valid for services / platforms third party rules.
We are also entitled to display certain products, services and / or the content of the third parties by placing links promotion or other components for advertising hoardings advertising or promotional to our services.
Can also lead promotion in cooperation with the selected by the us joined partner.
In both cases, we don't take any responsibility for products, services and / or content of third parties.
15 what are the rules determining liability and compensation in the event of a dispute?
Including section describes restrictions and exemptions our responsibility, and the circumstances in which the user can be by us relieved of his responsibilities or may be required to release us of the responsibility.
15.
1 reducing and disclaimer
User expressly acknowledges that makes use of services and games at its own risk.
The service is provided " in such a state in which they are. "
Ubisoft doesn't make any commitments concerning the effects of the use of services in terms of compliance, the accuracy, completeness, reliability.
Ubisoft does not ensure that services and games, including servers and software necessary for their operation, will be free from breaks or errors, viruses or other harmful or that errors, elements of virus or other harmful elements will be corrected.
Finally ubisoft, does not ensure that the information content available through the services and games or elements are accurate, complete and current.
Ubisoft does not work, in particular, of every kind, especially (it fully content as defined in article 11) or words that user or other users in the framework of services or activities publish user undertaken in the framework of services.
Therefore ubisoft does not guarantee and does not assume responsibility in relation to the user in relation to its own activities or activities of other users of the service.
User has in general risk related to the use of services.
Risks associated with the loss of time and effort data loss (particularly data related to the game), errors or loss of business information or other information resulting from the use of services and games.
User sole responsibility for damage caused ubisoft, his partners, to other users games and services or other natural or legal persons, as a result of the use of all or part of services or the game in violation of regulations or duties, as provided for in these conditions in general terms.
In infringements of any legal or contractual by the user, reserves the right to (i) to ubisoft remove the account and licensing of a notice and services and (ii) to games take legal action due to the civil or criminal liability responsibility in order to deter infringements and obtaining compensation for the losses.
In particular, not limited to, ubisoft reserves the right to bring legal proceedings of each user who deliberately damaged or tried to damage services or in an eligible services or helping with functioning hindered such activity.
In justified cases, ubisoft reserves the right to terminate the part or all services available at any time, at
User acknowledges and agrees that, within the limits allowed by law, in case of disputes with ubisoft or its user can (and) no longer use licencjiodawcami of services and remove the account and, (ii) take legal action in order to obtain compensation for the damage.
Further according to existing legislation, which are applicable, the full responsibility will be limited to exchange paid elements, ubisoft which have been acquired by the user, and which would be found by ubisoft as useless user, after examination of the claim the same amount of selected by ubisoft.
Ubisoft, including its licensees, partners and successors in title, licencjodawców and their respective employees, managers or directors (collectively referred to as " colleagues ') in relation to the user corresponds to in general terms.
Anyhow this article 15 in any case not limited to the in the case of false statements responsibility ubisoft or death or injury caused by negligence ubisoft.
15.
2 guarantee and compensation
User has a general responsibility for the infringement of these conditions and for the effects of this infringement against ubisoft.
This concerns in particular created by the user in the service. '
Without general nature of this provision, the user undertakes to cover damage and release him from liability in the case of ubisoft incorrect or illegal use of accounts, including the illegal or improper use by a non-authorised person to the use of user accounts.
User agrees to bear the responsibility for their own use of services and personally, all communication and actions in the service.
Ubisoft reserves the right to take the responsibility, at its own expense, in charge of the defence and control of all other cases in which the user normally obliged to ensure it.
In such a case, the user no longer has any obligation to ensure activities ubisoft the present case.
Provisions of this article shall remain in force after the expiry of these conditions or removal of the account.
16 is there any other information, which should read the user?
Including section provides additional information on the relationship between the us and the user, including information on changes), conciliation in consumer disputes, the law and jurisdiction, as well as contact details.
Yes.
See below other general information on this regulation.
If rules does not contain wanted by the user can be found at the following address information, https: / / legal.ubi.com.
16.
1 amendment of the rules.
We have the right at any time to introduce amendments to these rules for reasons of safety, legal issues, best practices and / or of the causes of regulators.
We don't take this right to introduce significant changes in the rules affecting user rights, without ensuring the acceptability of a user to change.
If you do not accept the revision of the rules, the user should close down their account according to the procedure set out in.
8.
1.
User must stay abreast of new amendment of the rules, because they are binding for him.
Recourse to the services after the entry into force of the amendments of the regulation is tantamount to revision of the rules.
16.
2 separation provisions.
If any of the competent court or authority considers any provision of this regulation (or part of any provision) null and void, illegal or feasible, this provision or part thereof to the extent necessary should be considered as withdrawn, which will not affect the validity or feasibility other provisions of the staff.
If provision declared void, it would be important legal and illegal or feasible practicable after part of it, after the imposition of a minimum change remove required for its legality, validity and enforceability, this provision will apply, reflecting our original intention.
16.
3 no renunciation rights.
Waiver or legal measures may take place only through the signing by us and by a written statement in this regard. user
Non-execution or late implementation by us any right or remedy provided for regulation or law does not mean renounce their or waiver of any other rights or remedy and does not prevent or hinder the options available in the future of this right or measure or from any other rights or legal measure.
Individual or partial enforcement law or measure does not exclude neither limits may continue to benefit in future from this law or measure or from any other rights or legal measure.
16.
(4) of the agreement.
A) when they joined regulation, none of the parties was and is not to statements or guarantees (" the claim ") the assurances any persons other than those explicitly described in this regulation.
(B) each of the parties shall take note of that enjoys only such rights and legal measures resulting from claims or arising out of them, which relate to a breach of contract.
(C) of this regulation and all the rules and the instructions for the services published online constitute a whole agreement between the parties with regard to the subject of regulated rules of procedure and shall replace any previous, or concomitant determine negotiations and agreement of the parties, both written and oral.
(D) none of the provisions of this point shall not limit or does not exclude the liability for fraud or making false declarations.
16.
5 settlement of disputes.
Alternative dispute resolution methods.
In the event of a dispute or claims arising from this regulation, the european commission made available to the platform, which makes it easier for out-of-court dispute settlement between consumers and traders, available at: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
Law and jurisdiction.
These conditions and account / accounts is subject to law polish.
16.
6 force majeure.
Under this regulation do not bear any liability for non-execution or late implementation of our commitments or activities, where this is caused by the infusion, event or an accident, for which we do not have the abandonment of impact, and in particular the strike, accident telecommunications network, natural disaster, activities war, riots, a pandemic, deliberate destruction of property, a legitimate government, or regulation concerned accident, fire, or flood default by the subcontractors.
16.
7 contact / support client.
The content of the regulation is available at https: / / legal.ubi.com.
In case of any questions concerning this regulation, services or content can be in touch with us at the following address: https: / / support.ubi.com.
This regulation shall apply only to the extent permitted by law.
