The service visa solution
Important: please carefully read the following conditions services (" conditions '). visa solution
By registering service visa solution or service visa solution, activating card user confirms that understands and accepts all these conditions.
This replace all existing conditions for visa conditions solution.
1.
The visa solution
Service visa solution is served by visa u.
P.
A.
Inc. ("
Visa ").
Contact company visa are provided in section contact below.
Used under these conditions, the term " visa ' shall mean: all functions, solution options and service visa to pay and / or click currently available or added in the future visa checkout, under the visa click to pay, visa checkout or under a different name and regardless of whether or not will be available through a website or via the visa solution, acting as a mobile or domain (" website ") or sub domains by application or function offered by bank card-issuing or an institution of paying seller or any other third party (including called " services "); the logo projects, text, images, video clips design, graphics, software and other content and materials visa or visa, available through visa solution, licencjodawców as well as their selection and arrangement (including referred to as " content "); and the hardware, software and network visa, associated with the provision to visa solution (including called " the visa "). solution
Visa solution user (s) the possibility of storing offers information on account of payments and other related information, such as e-mail address, mobile phone number, address for invoicing and dispatch (" data card ') for visa credit, debit and with the possibility of repeated visa charge and other prepaid cards or payment methods, of which the visa decides that are eligible for use in the visa solution (" eligible card '); and (ii) the possibility of the use of visa solution as a method for the purpose of processing in available card transactions sellers or other third parties, who is an icon to pay and acceptable solutions are visa click or who is mark visa checkout.
Visa can automatically update some data, such as the charter card number and expiry date in accordance with the information provided by a financial institution or another entity that has eligible card (" "). editor
Member publisher may provide additional information on the eligible cards, such as the availability of points options for other benefits of instalments and eligible card.
In this case, we will put you this information in the service visa in such a form in which solution we received them from eligible cards. publishers
In case of any questions about this information, please contact with his publisher.
Where relevant, visa will be in order to determine whether the information process member state are eligible to receive these options or benefits and possible display them.
When user makes use of the visa, we are the solution or another appropriate third party cards seller to enable them to the processing of transactions.
Visa can generate the account of payments, to which the numerical substitute is attributed eligible card visa () to protect the token eligible cards.
User agrees to the seller or another appropriate third party can submit information on transactions to the appropriate network in connection with the eligible card, and that the transaction will be user using eligible cards, which paid chooses a user.
User confirms that the charter stored or made available through the visa solution shall be made available directly by the user or, in some jurisdictions, on behalf of the user by the issuer, or a third party and the vendor that they contain private financial information.
User can benefit from eligible cards only in connection with visa solution, if she thinks he's publisher cards and card holder or authorised user his name is embossed on eligible charter.
User acknowledges and accepts that bears responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the data, as well as other charter of information stored in service visa or given in the use of the visa solution solution.
User may only be exercised with normal e-mail addresses and phone numbers owned and controlled by the user.
Although visa may carry out certain checks visa, it does not respond verification of data for the accuracy of the card or other given by the user information, including as to whether the cards are up to date.
Service visa solution is not a bank account or payment and does not offer any payments for the user or a salesman.
Any transaction by visa solution will be carried out on account of associated with eligible charter reflected used to complete the transaction.
Payments made from this account are a matter only between the state and the publisher of eligible cards.
2.
Important information about transactions user
Although visa helps transaction, visa solution is not a party in the transaction, a payment to the seller or made in connection with the use of visa by the seller solution, including the purchase or reimbursement of goods or services only comes between the operator and the seller.
If you will want to recover the or cancellation transaction using the visa, would need to contact with an appropriate solution salesman and / or publisher eligible, which used to transactions. cards user
Please remember that the visa is not party to the transaction, and therefore can not solve any problems that you may encounter in connection with a transaction.
In case of a dispute with the seller on the transaction using the visa solution, user sole responsibility for dispute resolution directly with the seller or via its publisher.
Because of the way the visa solution visa is not party to the transaction.
3.
Conditions under which services
Service visa solution may not be available for all eligible cards.
Visa may also on its own responsibility to remove eligible cards with service visa solution or prevent eligible cards in service visa solution activation; may also at any time to review the visa eligibility specific or credit cards, debit or general prepaid cards with the possibility of repeated charge, and other cards or payment methods of eligible cards.
4.
Kwalifikowalość
Service visa solution is only available for persons:
(I) are the inhabitants of one of the following jurisdiction: saudi arabia, australia, austria, brazil, chile, china (hong kong), czech republic, continental and denmark, finland, france, spain, india, ireland, canada, colombia, kuwait, qatar, malaysia, mexico, germany, norway, new zealand, peru, the dominican republic, poland, south africa, singapore, slovakia, the united states (including their territories), switzerland, sweden, ukraine, hungary, the united kingdom, italy and the united arab emirates to their availability in the jurisdiction in question (" eligible jurisdictions ');
(Ii) are adult in accordance with the laws in force in their jurisdiction, the province of or the territory of their residence;
(Iii) have access to the internet by a computer or other device; and
(Iv) are card holder or one or more authorised user eligible, and have a good reputation in terms of the card accounts related to eligible cards.
Access visa solution, where illegal from any location or otherwise restricted, is prohibited.
If jurisdiction, he shall so you change of residence immediately with visa solution and again services wyrejestrować register, giving a new, if it is jurisdiction eligible jurisdiction.
If residence user is not new eligible jurisdiction re-registering may only be made when the service solution will be available in the place of residence visa new user.
5.
Registration and security
If user decides to register or activate service visa solution eligible card, undertakes to give us real, exact, current and complete information on you, and update the information in the case of changes.
In maximum permitted by the relevant provisions of the law, user takes note of and accepts that visa will not assume any responsibility in connection with the correct information transmitted to visa by him nieutrzymywaniem, including by the user information and important news on nieotrzymywaniem about visa solution.
If visa will have a legitimate reason for suspecting that any information given to us by the user is incorrect inaccurate or incomplete, visa may suspend or cancel the registration or end use of services and does not allow the user to visa solution using the service visa present or future or solution (any part of it).
Under registration requires user to a user name and in some markets created may also be required the creation of a password.
These data elements are charged with user authentication during a by him with visa solution.
If you will be asked to the creation of a password, for your own safety should choose which will be unique user password for visa solution and remember username and password without saving password to a personal computer, a mobile or other device used tablecie to obtain access to the visa solution.
User is required to protect the confidentiality of his username and password or slogans, if they exist.
In addition, if you will function standing or service visa solution with your login binding digital portfolio on one or more installations, the user is responsible for safeguarding the safety of these facilities and control access to them.
Is important, because it does not have a responsibility for any losses incurred by the user as a result of unauthorised use its eligible card and, depending on the circumstances, the editor of the charter may create a user liability for unauthorised use of its account associated with eligible card.
User agrees to inform the company of any visa unauthorised use his username, password or eligible cards in visa and whenever solution in which the equipment or one of the devices on which it is incorporated, or on which the service login function standing solution has been combined with a digital portfolio visa has been lost, stolen or otherwise has become an object of unauthorised access or other actual or potential safety risks associated with the use of visa solution.
Visa reserves the right to remove the eligible cards with service visa or terminate that service solution and / or if the user has the right to require the user password, change password, if the visa considers that it is no longer safe password.
Are responsible for using their eligible cards in connection with the service visa and for ensuring that its use solution and access to the visa solution are in accordance with these conditions.
User acknowledges that visa may send single access codes for e-mail address user and / or his mobile phone, in order to verify the identity of the user during use by him with visa solution.
Regularly we are reviewing the security measures for visa solution.
But we can not ensure that the information transmitted by the member via the internet will be completely safe.
6.
The card holder
These conditions do not correct or in any other way do not modify any agreement with the publisher in terms of eligible card user card (" agreement ") card holder.
In case of any of these conditions, with the agreement, this user inaccuracies conditions will only regulate the relationship between the holder and visa, when it comes to visa solution, and the contract card holder, the editor will regulate the relationship with publisher card user cards.
User is required to ensure that the exercise of its visa solution was in line with any contract card holder.
7.
Fees, commissions and taxes
Exclusive user has the obligation to obtain all equipment, equipment, software, wireless network access and internet, other elements required for access to the visa solution and all related fees cover costs and other expenses.
Accrued charges may be for sending sms or data transmission.
User also bears sole responsibility for cover any interest, commissions, taxes or costs publishers any eligible, which the user has cards in connection with the visa solution, as well as pay any taxes and the fulfilment of obligations testify in connection with the use tax by him with visa solution.
8.
Privacy
Visa processes personal data user to the extent necessary to provide for his services to visa (as defined in this solution conditions of use) and the related objectives described in information about the global privacy policy (" privacy policy.) " visa
For more information on how to collect, protection and availability of users ' personal data benefiting from visa solution by a visa and its entities associated and information on any choice on privacy, which may have user, we ask for consultation with information on global politics privacy visa.
If user makes use of other services operated by its publisher, the seller or any other entity as (including those whose services are made available via visa solution) may continue separate privacy policy.
In order to improve service user in the use of visa solution, this service uses the functions automatic completing google.
In so far as google processes personal data user does in accordance with their own conditions of use and personal privacy.
Are responsible for making sure that the personal data related to its account accurate and up-to-date. remain
9.
Rights in rem
Any ownership in connection with the visa solution, including content, belong to the visa, companies and their associates, and they are protected by copyright appropriate licencjodawców, rights on trade marks and other property rights (including intellectual property) and international treaties.
Any rights under these conditions are clearly nieudzielone user in possession of the visa, associates of the company and their licencjodawców.
No provision in these conditions does not grant any right to use trademarks user visa, associates company or third parties, their service marks, logo or other signs of origin. "
Marketing associate ' means an entity, which is under the control of visa, or is it controls along with it under the control of another entity.
10.
Licensing
Visa grants user restricted, and, not odwoływalnej non-exclusive licence to use the service visa sublicencjonowaniu nieprzenoszalnej solution in a manner consistent with these conditions for as long as the licensee is registered user visa solution.
Visa may only at their own discretion, suspend or terminate this licence at any time to end for any reason.
All rights not granted user reserved by visa, clearly associated companies or their licencjodawców entities.
11.
Opinions
Sends feedback if you or suggestions for visa solution, we can use such feedback and suggestions without any obligations relating to the user.
12.
The user
User undertakes to comply with all the existing rules, rules and regulations, as well as other legal requirements, associated with the use of its visa solution.
Undertake also state:
Use service visa in a way acceptable by legislation only solution;
Not enjoy visa solution in a way which prejudices these conditions;
Disturb nor distort safety or operation, or otherwise not abused visa or any part of the solution; visa solution
Do not attempt to gain unauthorised access to, or part of the solution that visa visa solution are excluded from the general access;
Not use the visa in any way, which might be solution considered false and / or,, vulgar, driven hatred oszczerczy nadużywający, which is the case of harassment,, to, affect obscene bluźnierczy anyone's privacy or distort any rights of third parties;
Not reproduce visa solution in any form, do not store or not to include visa in any solution to obtain information, electronic systems, mechanical or otherwise;
Not copy, to copy, rent, to sell leasing, clone, use, adjusted, commercially, distribute, dismantle or dekompilować staggered provide services visa solution or any parts thereof;
Not benefit from any equipment, software or a way to disturb or try to preventing the proper solution, and not to take any action visa actions which represent unjustified or a disproportionate burden system visa solution, according to the sole discretion of visa; and
To comply with all the other requirements, restrictions or limits imposed periodically by visa or by the issuer member cards.
13.
An abdication of responsibility and guarantee the limitation of liability
Visa solution, in its entirety and in part, including all the services are provided on a " as is " and " in the framework of availability, " without explicit or implicit guarantee of any kind, including guarantees for guarantee as to the commercial or implicit suitability suitability for a specific purpose.
Not giving guarantees that the visa solution is, or that access to computer viruses without visa solution will take place without interference.
In fullest the extent permitted by applicable law expressly acknowledges and agrees that the user has sole responsibility and takes over risks resulting from the use of its visa solution, and linked to the performance of such activities.
In any case, and in the case of any activities, including negligence or visa or entities associated companies, and their respective members of the, directors, customers, employees or authorised agents (including members of the so-called ' parties visa ") do not bear responsibility for any damage caused by claims (including damage or loss compensating intermediate special, as a result of accidental, or example), regardless of the SANKCYJNE this, how was caused and regardless of the grounds for liability related to the visa solution and / or these conditions, even if the visa will receive information about the possibility of such damage, claims or losses.
Without general nature of the above provisions, the visa shall not be liable to the state or any third parties in respect of: (i) the use by member, or use of visa of any solution can not be cause, including the authorisation, or refusal to refuse the card issuer transactions; (ii) acceptance by the seller of any goods, services or information purchased or received in respect of visa solution, including the absence or can not or can not return such receipt by state of goods, services or information; (iii) disputes between the state and the seller; (iv) any inaccuracies, incomplete or misleading information provided through the visa, including information provided by the state checkout publisher and / or any other third party; (v) unauthorised access, changes or loss of transmission user, data or other information collected, stored or in connection with the visa solution; consigned (vi) errors, system failures, network or system, breach of the file or demurrage obstacles in action service; or (vii) any other use by the visa solution.
Visa furthermore, the parties will not bear responsibility for any can not implement any obligations contained in these conditions, due to (directly or indirectly) a failure of any equipment or delivery, or any problems in the transmission, war, natural disaster labour disputes, terrorist acts, bang, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.
Contained irrespective of the provisions to the contrary, the responsibilities of parties here against the, caused by any cause or visa action will be limited to lower value always (a) the actual losses; or (b) 100 usd (or the equivalent in local currency).
In certain jurisdictions, the exemption or reduction of certain guarantee waiver, commitments and claims is therefore not permitted, some of these derogations, exemptions and restrictions may not have to your application.
Jurisdictions responsibility in these parties will be limited to the fullest range of authorised by visa existing law.
Nothing in these conditions shall not preclude the responsibilities of the parties under (a) visa death or damage to health caused by their negligence, (b) fraud, administration of (c) any false information or an issue on which the exemption or reduction of responsibilities of the parties would be unlawful visa.
14.
No support; disputes with sellers
Visa does not support, not, or is not responsible for sponsors: (i) publishers, network operators of payments or digital portfolios or other third parties to assist in the transition towards a payment or which can be used in connection with the visa solution; (ii) the goods and services purchased in connection with the service and carried out in connection with it visa solution transactions; (iii) the recognition or the goods or services bought in connection with the visa solution or in connection with this service carried out transactions; and (iv) retailers with which may result in transactions or whose goods or services may be purchased in connection with the visa solution.
15.
Websites, content and resources of third parties
Service visa solution can be accessed via third parties, which support the transactions (including via their websites or domain) and which may enable users to make applications to communicate or direct access to such third parties or websites, content and resources of third parties, including their social media.
User confirms that understands that the visa has no control over the views, opinions and content of any third party or its website, domain applications, content or the resources that are provided by the company or person other than the visa, and that do not necessarily share their views.
User acknowledges and accepts that visa will not be held responsible for the availability of any such websites, domain applications, content or resources.
User also notes that the visa shall not be liable to him for any loss or damage for which could be exposed as a result of the use of these websites domain or third parties, their content or application of resources, including loss or damage linked to purchases by visa solution. przetwarzanymi
16.
Modification services solution and these conditions; visa termination
Visa may at their sole discretion, change, suspend, modify to improve or no longer offering any aspect of visa solution, temporarily or permanently, including the availability of any part of visa solution, at any time, with or without a notification user user accepts that visa will not be held responsible for him or against any other third party as a result of doing so.
Continued use by the user of services after the entry into, or in solution visa any part of it changes, modification or amendments will be understood as an acceptance of such changes, modification and amendments and application of these conditions to visa solution with such changes, services modifications or amendments.
If you do not agree to any of these conditions, can not benefit from the visa solution.
Visa reserves the right to modify this conditions on its own responsibility at any time.
Visa may be amended in these conditions through publication, together with the new version, which will be by a notice deemed appropriate, given the circumstances.
It may be, for example, on our website or notice any other website of in connection with the provision of services visa solution.
On the website will always include the most recent version of these conditions.
Last modification will recorded as " date of last revision " below.
In fullest range required by the applicable law, the continuation of the use by the operator or his participation in the visa solution after such a modification is acceptance of modified conditions.
The user can no longer use visa at any time-even solution when it is angry with changes to the content of conditions.
User wyrejestrować of services may, in accordance with instructions visa solution contained in section customer services on the website of visa solution.
Visa may suspend or terminate access of the user or its use to end of visa, at any time, solution immediately and without prior notice or liabilities to (i) if the user user, any of these conditions or violates (ii) of any other economically justifiable reason, according to the sole discretion of visa.
Visa will not be held responsible for any user against the suspension, withdrawal, termination or modification of how we use services visa or obtain access to it. solution
After use retain responsibility for any state payments and other liabilities incurred pursuant to these conditions.
17.
General conditions
A.
Notification.
User agrees that visa may provide him and other information in connection with the visa notification, e-mail, via publication solution on the website of or by other forms of electronic communications.
Electronic messages from us, addressed to the user, will be considered as communications " in writing ' and the delivered to the user, no later than the date of receipt of a communication or after five days from the date of dispatch or prevalence, depending on what comes first.
We do not have the obligation to provide the user physical him associated with the use copies sent messages visa solution.
Responsibility regular checking that at the mailbox user are not messages from us, lies with the user.
User is required to ensure that sent him that we are not being blocked by e-mail account, and that made us his e-mail address is on the agenda.
User authorises in addition us to take measures on the instructions sent us through it electronically.
User must have a user name linked to account visa solution, to obtain electronic access to information and to take any action related to his account visa solution.
B.
Waiver.
Nieskorzystanie or delay in the use of any provisions or powers contained in these conditions shall not be accepted for the surrender of those provisions or powers.
C.
The agreement
These conditions are all agreement between a visa and for the use of visa solution user by the user.
D.
Severability provisions.
User and visa agree that if any provision in these conditions will be considered unlawful, no matter (including under the law of) or for any reason impossible to enforce by the proper jurisdiction, that provision is deemed to be excluded from these conditions, which will not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.
E.
Interpretation.
Headlines titles and are intended to only facilitating use these conditions and shall not be considered for the purposes of the interpretation.
Words like " this, " " below, " etc.
Will mean and relate to all these conditions, and not to their specific parts.
" This " will mean " in this without restriction. "
Used under these conditions in the number of single include the number, express expressions in plural include the number mnogą single and any grammatical gender applies to all types of grammatical.
F.
The parties
No statement contained in these conditions will not be interpreted as constituting relationship joint venture, partnership, employment relationship or relationship under the agency contract between the state and visa and shall not be granted to any powers to undertake any commitments or make any submissions on behalf of the visa.
G.
Exemption from liability.
In largest permitted by applicable law the user agrees to an exemption from liability, protection and exemption from visa because of any loss, parties claims liabilities, claims requirements, damage, due to the penalties and costs or in connection with the violation of these conditions by the user.
H.
Dispute resolution and applicable law.
As far as possible in accordance with the law of the state and visa permitted agree that:
(1).
If user is resident eligible jurisdiction in section (2) nieujętej
Below, the following applicable law and provisions for arbitration:
This paragraph shall contain the words on the arbitral tribunal.
Please carefully to read it.
It provides that any claims linked to the visa or solution these conditions must be addressed through a binding arbitration.
Arbitration neither you nor under the visa are not entitled to redress by judicial or to involving grand jury on these courtroom claims.
Claims may be subject to the arbitration only individually.
Entitlements disclosure of the evidence before the hearing and to appeal after the hearing will be limited, but an arbitrator may grant compensation or reparation pursuant to these conditions.
Any disputes, base actions or claims arising from the differences of opinion or these conditions, including visa solution for the creation of, interpretation, infringement, performance, notice enforcement interpretation or validity of these conditions, the validity and enforcement of this provision and determine the extent or agreement in (mentioned in section of the applicability of arbitration h (1) as " the dispute '), which may be subject to arbitrage, will be settled only in clause process and arbitration contained in this section.
Any dispute between the state and the visa will ultimately be settled by arbitration; however, if you are the inhabitants of the united states, you can make a claim in the courts for
Small claims (if member to claim). this is
This arbitration clause applies only to disputes with its visa concerning services visa solution.
User a dispute with his publisher eligible cards to resolve this dispute with his publisher.
Arbitrage between the holder and a visa is carried out by the company jams in accordance with its general principles and procedures for arbitration in the case of residents of the united states and international rules of arbitration in the case of the united states, jams outside in so far as those rules are not in conflict with this provision.
A copy of the rules may be obtained by contacting jams under number, at 1-800-352-5267 written eighth avenue, 34th floor, jams 620 new york, ny, or by a www.jamsadr.com or 10018 internetowo. / www.jamsinternational.com
Claims are subject to arbitration individually.
This means that both user and to visa, you can't take part in claims common or at the request or against other consolidation in arbitration, unless the user and visa entities decides otherwise in writing.
User and visa not may also carry out in the case of any claims as representative or arbitration member of the class action the contributors.
Accepting these conditions, the user and visa shall waive rights to participate in legal proceedings of class actions.
Arbitration shall take place before one arbitrem.
Arbitration (and) will be carried out by telephone, via the internet and / or on the sole basis of written submissions; concrete way will be selected by the initiating proceedings arbitration and (ii) does not entail any personal are parties or witnesses, unless stawieniem shared between the parties have agreed otherwise.
Residents eligible jurisdiction in the middle east will party arbitration carried out within the international financial centre in dubai, dubai international financial center), unless the parties jointly agree otherwise.
Arbitrator will be jointly agreed by the member and visa.
If user and visa does not come to an agreement on the arbitrator shall be designated in accordance with procedures jams arbitrator.
If for any reason, the dispute is awarded in court, and not in the arbitration, the user and visa shall waive the right to the hearing involving the grand jury.
User lawyer, but it is not may employ required.
Each party shall be responsible for their own legal expenses, unless otherwise in accordance with the applicable law. an arbitrator zasądzi
Party initiating arbitration in this respect will pay a fee (unless other conditions due to difficulties finding would overwhelm jams).
Visa cover any other advances on administrative fees and service charges of the case and relating to the proceedings, by arbitration fees arbitrators direct payment to jams.
Finally arbitration fee paid by visa may be shared between the state and choice of visa in accordance with procedures arbitrator, jams.
All issues, including issues related to an arbitrator shall decide within the scope of and enforcement of this provision on arbitration.
Arbitrator all decisions are final.
To obtain a decision based on a decision may be made to any court of competent jurisdiction.
This clause does not preclude the application by the parties for the temporary corrective measures in support of the arbitration in court of competent jurisdiction.
Responsibility visa shall be limited as described in paragraph.
13 above, the most extensive permitted in accordance with applicable law.
This conditions, and the resulting power parties is subject to law and will be in accordance with it interpreted the delaware (excluding conflict-of-law rules or principles of choice of applicable law.
If provision for arbitration or renunciation rights to participate in respect of collective deemed impossible to enforce for any reason, when put forward have been associated with class action, the charges will be able to appropriate and clause described in section 2 (.) jurysdykcyjna
Below.
The remainder of this section concerns residents usa:
Arbitrator can not grant punitive sanctions nor, except where compensation of retaliatory is required by law, nor the interest accrued prior to judgment; nor can grant any compensation for an arbitrator injury, or indirect, including accidental resulting compensation for lost profits or losses sustained by third parties.
Any granted will have no impact on to other users visa solution.
The parties take note that these conditions in international trade transaction confirm.
Regardless provisions contained in the previous subparagraph concerning the material law applicable, any arbitration proceedings conducted in accordance with the conditions and this paragraph shall be subject to federal law on arbitration proceedings (9 u.
P.
C.,
Secs.
1-16).
(2).
If user is resident (i) argentina, brazil, canada or eligible jurisdiction in europe, (ii) any eligible jurisdiction in which the arbitration clause mentioned in paragraph (1).
Above were found to be impossible to enforce or (iii) any other qualifying the jurisdiction in which the renunciation rights to participate in the application form is considered impossible to enforce collective where made were linked to class action, accusations will apply the following provisions: (x) any disputes claims or base under or in connection with these conditions or a service visa solution will have to be governed by the law of eligible jurisdiction, which is and will be interpreted in accordance with an inhabitant of the user those provisions; and (s) of any disputes claims or base under or in connection with these conditions or action service visa solution will be settled in the competent courts located in an eligible jurisdiction.
All mandatory consumer protection law shall remain in force.
And.
Assignment.
User must not be to dispose of the rights and obligations arising from these conditions, legally, or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the visa.
Visa reserves the right to dispose of any of these conditions and the resulting from them rights and obligations to any third party without notifying member of this fact and without your consent.
Subject to that these conditions will be for the binding, will serve member benefits and will enforceable against the state and the successors in title and cesjonariuszy.
The user can no longer use visa at any time-even solution if it is unhappy with the company the assignment of rights and obligations arising from visa these conditions.
U
Detailed rules in force in each country.
And.
Provisions for only residents argentina
Consumer protection legislation provides that the legal entities which advertise, sell or provide services to consumers or users in the city of buenos aires and have websites shall be required to indicate on them a link to the " dirección general de protección y defensa al. " Consumidor
Users with questions or complaints may contact the " dirección general de protección y defensa " at: www.argentina.gob.ar / al Consumidor defensadelconsumidor.
Ii.
Only for the people of austria
Irrespective of the paragraphs on the limitation of liability in paragraph
15 above or any other statements concerning the limitation of liability visa, to the people of shall apply the following rules: austria
Responsibility visa for damage () due to a slight negligence (SCHADENERSATZHAFTUNG) is excluded. LEICHTE FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT
These limitation of liability does not apply to any mandatory liability resulting from the guarantee claims (statutory), in particular to the liability arising GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSANSPRÜCHE with austrian law on civil liability in respect of of defect (PRODUKTHAFTUNGSGESETZ) and responsibility for the injuries (.) cause PERSONENSCHÄDEN
Also this limitation of liability does not apply, if and in so far as visa adopted or in the case referred to guarantee a specific obligation on the issue of giving rise to such liability.
Ii.
Residents applies only to china (except hong kong sar, macao and taiwan)
User confirms the fact that the visa is available for him to use only solution abroad and in the foreign currency and only in case of transactions with vendors located outside mainland part of people's republic of china.
All vendors located in the continental parts of china offering service shall be entitled to offer its visa solution only to persons who are not resident china continental parts.
Iii.
Only for the people of germany
Irrespective of the paragraphs on the limitation of liability in paragraph
13 above or any other statements concerning the limitation of liability visa, to the people of shall apply the following rules: germany
Responsibility visa resulting from the contractual responsibility and for damages caused by small through any non-contractual regardless of the legal basis, shall be limited as follows:
(A) visa responsible up to foreseeable for such contracts as a result of compensation typical infringement of an essential contractual obligations;
(B) the visa shall not be liable resulting from the infringement of any contractual obligations and for slight irrelevant neglect of any other obligations, which would apply to meet care.
These limitation of liability does not apply to any mandatory liability, in particular to statutory liability arising from the german law on civil liability in respect of of defect () and responsibility in a way that due to Produkt-haftungsgesetz ZAWINIONY. injuries
In addition, such limitation of liability shall not apply if and in so far as visa adopted referred to a guarantee.
Points (a) and (b) shall apply accordingly to liability visa expenditure. WZA unfounded
You have to take appropriate measures in order to avoid and reduce the damage.
Iv.
Provisions for only residents india
Service visa solution is offered in india by visa worldwide million.
Limited.
K.
Rules after expiry or termination of the contract.
Despite notice these conditions will be were still in place in respect of any use of the visa solution by the user prior to the termination.
All sections of these conditions, which due to their nature should continue to apply after termination, will remain in force on termination conditions and after stopping use by the user of visa solution.
This includes sections: settlement of disputes and applicable law.
L.
Contact us.
If you have questions or questions about visa solution see section frequently asked question on the website.
If section often asked questions does not contain response to a question or does not explain doubts, please contact postal at visa u.
P.
A.
Inc.,
Visa solution, 900 metro center blvd.,
Foster city, ca, usa or contact via mail 94404-2172 e-mail.
Last updated: 27 may 2021
