Https: / / www.weebly.com /? lang = en terms-of-service
Published: 13 december 2018.
The date of entry into force: 13 december 2018.
Content allowed
Website containing the following content shall not be permitted to Weebly:
• for adults: presenting in sexual contexts, nakedness or other themes intended exclusively for eksponujące genitals adult
● protected by copyright: music, films or game to the user has no rights
● hate speech: content to promote violence or hatred against specific individuals or groups of statements encouraging people, inter alia,
The religious, ethnic, sex or sexual orientation.
These examples should not cover the list of persons or groups liable to become the objective of hate speech.
● spam / positioning: parties, whose sole purpose is conquer in google, " likes " ranking wyszukiwaniach on facebook, etc.
● phishing: aimed at the username and password to disclose the names of the make of the visitor
● content of prohibited by law: that may be prohibited by any content, american law or the law of another country
● fraud: the content of the ", " share offering rapid enrichment financial, marketing and other suspicious multi-level piramidach structure
● excessive advertising: on too many posting, such as advertising
More than three elements advertising on the
● hosting files: including parties in the editor nieutworzonych Weebly
● strenuous appearance: making use of the elements " non-standard ' site, resulting in the appearance, e.g. męczącym html
Blinking bannery, or content, which can cause excess animation in those visitors site reactions epileptic
● products prohibited by law or immoral: website offering and / or selling prohibited articles law, weapons, counterfeiting, objects, coming from theft, deceit, affecting the right to privacy / identity, as well as manufactured or pornographic obelżywe intended to be used as a weapon
This list contains only examples, but did not offer all prohibited content.
More detailed information, we following conditions.
1.
Acceptance conditions
With Weebly thank you for using.
This " conditions for use of services " (conditions) are legally binding agreement between the holder and (as defined below), Weebly which governs the use of a building websites and access to them, including Weebly services hosting websites, websites, communication tools, mobile applications and tools, as well as other e-commerce services (including called " "), a available via the site (http: / / weebly.com) and related domain owned (called " europass "), a total of Weebly, or otherwise made available by Weebly.
Using service in any way user accepts these conditions, privacy policy and other information and guidance legal set out on.
Using our service for the purpose of his organisation-user accepts these conditions, on behalf of the organisation.
Conditions apply also when the user makes use of a service to the test.
User nieakceptujący conditions may not benefit from service.
Terms ", " " we, " " Weebly us " and " our ", emerging in these conditions, refer to the company, with whom user. in a square
Counterparty user will generally established on the basis of the country of residence of the user. "
Countryofresidence " user's jurisdiction linked to an account, in line with a clear choice user user Weebly or determined by on the basis of different attributes of the data related to Weebly account Weebly user.
● if country of residence of the user is, user contains contract with the company administration Zjednoczo square, inc.,
1455 market street, suite 600, san francisco, ca 94103, usa.
● if country of residence of the user is canada, user contains contract with the company square technologies, inc.
● if their home country is japan, user contains user contract with the company square kk.
● if country of residence of the user is australia, user shall conclude an agreement with the company square pty ltd, au.
● if their home country is united kingdom, ireland user or any other country except the united states, canada, japan and australia, user shall sign a contract with the company Squareup international ltd.
In addition to the restrictions set out above, the user can not assume or benefit from, or in any other way account Weebly benefit from service, if you do not have legal capacity to enter into contracts, for example, if it is not old enough in their country of residence.
If user is not in their country or region, adult may establish an account or use it only under the supervision and Weebly parent or guardian or with the consent of through specific account student founded by teacher via the service, provided that the teacher has obtained an agreement education.weebly.com parent or guardian.
2.
Description of the service
Our internet service enables users to who enter and establish account (" "), creating and updating of the holders of accounts websites online.
After registration each holder of a website and the possibility of publishing its own account is " content " (this term is defined in section 8).
New features service, including the new made available by the tools and resources, is also subject to this Weebly conditions.
Use service requires a internet access, directly or through the devices with access to the internet content, which may be associated with to pay for access to the internet user fee, if any.
In addition, the operator must equip itself with the equipment necessary for with an internet connection, including computer operating such access.
Service may be associated with obtaining from us, such as correspondence referred to information on the services of an administrative nature and newsletter Weebly messages.
Such correspondence is part of the membership. Weebly
Using service is permitted only using provided users interface service.
3.
Registration
Registration account requires us as holder email address, and other important personal data (" registration data ").
User selects a password and a accounts for its site in the registration process and is identifier " id. " Weebly
User responsible for confidentiality passwords and, as well as any account activities under the account.
Using service user undertakes to provide and update true, accurate, up-to-date and complete registration data.
Where the information provided will be incorrect or incomplete or inaccurate, out of date will have grounds for suspecting that such Weebly situation occurs, Weebly may suspend or user account and end user of close and future access to the service or parts thereof.
In addition to the restrictions on the sale as set out in point 9 below, people who have not completed the 13 years of age, can not create or benefit from your accounts Weebly.com.
Pupils below the age of 13, however, may benefit from special accounts created for them by teachers on uczniowskich education.weebly.com, unless specifically approved teacher consent of the parents student.
4.
Privacy policy Weebly
Privacy policy (available at: https: / / www.weebly.com / privacy) which is an part of these conditions describe how collects, uses the registration data and protects Weebly and some other information for the user.
Encouraging become aware of personal privacy and use of the information it contains, in order to deliberate decision-making.
5.
Account related to the website, and security
User responsible for security of its accounts and website for any measures and actions to be taken in the accounts and in connection with the website.
User undertakes to inform immediately in writing of any Weebly accounts and other infringements of safety using nieautoryzowanym.
Weebly shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the default by the user with this commitment to safety.
User confirmed and agrees that under any circumstances, the company and its related companies, Weebly subsidiaries, members of the boards, members of the management or supervisory bodies or workers do not assume any liability for acts and omissions user or third parties, including for any arising as a result of injury.
6.
Ownership
Owner this site and service is Weebly.
Website and a service use and display content, functions and, including, inter alia, software ownership functionality, copyright, trademarks, inventions, utility models, signs service, slogans and passwords, owned by logos or other unrelated third parties, protected Weebly under existing in the usa and the international copyright legislation on trade marks, patents, business secrets and / or other intellectual property rights, or of rights in rem.
No part of the site or may not be copied, service, are displayed transferred or otherwise used for any purpose without prior written approval or the owner of the intellectual property rights of Weebly third party, unless otherwise specified in this document.
Weebly stipulates all rights, which are not explicitly provided in these conditions.
Both service, as well as all of the secret and that is the subject of rights in rem software used in connection with maintenance and materials (as defined below), content contained in advertising sponsors or the information presented to users through service or, as well as any other advertisers materials and services provided by the company Weebly or through her are protected resulting from the provisions of copyright, trademarks, business secrets and other intellectual property rights.
Are solely responsible for ensuring that the use of such materials, including any " professional " or " free images " pictures made available through service, shall only take place in accordance with the relevant legal provisions, and any conditions applicable to such materials.
Weebly in any case, shall not be liable or third parties for use against the user with materials in violation of regulations or any conditions applicable to the materials.
" Materials ' means all the necessary software texts, documentation, design and functionality, software, projects system, photographs, graphics, sound, video materials, communications, communication and immediate, design and functions, interactive files, documents, pictures or other material, regardless of whether they are published or sent, and all their development, privately shared by or through or service Weebly
Weebly grants user authorise use of materials to such an extent and only in so far as it is necessary to access and use of service pursuant to these conditions and, in the case of materials owned by others available user by or via the service, in accordance with any conditions or Weebly third parties applicable to such materials.
Under that agreement, there is no law, copy store user, or publish again, adjusted, posting, explain to load rent,,,, distribute and sell to borrow dzierżawić moved, sent, display,, use methods of reverse engineering or dezasemblacji dekompilować, (or otherwise trying to recreate odkodowywać code programme or other source code used in materials or related) or distribute materials in or for the way beyond that clearly allowed these conditions.
User has no right to sell, transfer, to provide security, or try to sub-licence, a transfer of the servicing and / or materials, create works on the basis of a service and / or materials subsidiaries or using them in any way, in whole or in parts, except to the extent clearly allowed in these conditions.
Use service or materials for purposes other than clearly allowed in these conditions or under appropriate conditions of third parties-is expressly forbidden.
Weebly stipulates all rights, which are not explicitly provided in these conditions.
All trademarks, service, logos, slogans and password (hereinafter referred to as " with the " any and all together-" marks ') belong to or to the corresponding Weebly owners.
If these conditions clearly is not otherwise provided, without the express written consent or a third party that owns a mark appropriate Weebly users shall not be granted any user licence or of rights to use of the characters.
" Photos professional "-and / or using any buying " photos available via the service, professional " user undertakes that: (i) will use the " professional " only in its website photos and only in order to display in their Weebly digital form; (ii) will not sell, adjusted again used are, disseminate, presented, duplicate or in any other way use " pictures; (iii) in the case of professional " when " photo ' will provide the person will be and professional used in connection with sensitive niepochlebnym or a statement that provide controversial topic, user image is used only for illustrative purposes and the person concerned is a model; and (iv) will not be capable of being functions " right mouse button " on any professional, " will not remove " picture metadata from any " professional " and will not use methods pictures will not reverse engineering or its website, in order to allow dekompilować dezasemblować individual collection and / or use of any " pictures professional. "
Also holder may not use any pictures " professional ": (i) separately without any other content; (ii) for the purposes of pornographic or other oszczerczych illegal purposes; (iii) in order to create or allow the creation of printed products; (iv) in natural or digital products, such as electronic cards, retail calendars, posters or screensavers; (v) in order to support, or links in the context of sponsorship zasugerowania content " professional "; (vi) in pictures to permit the exchange of image files; or (vii) in logotypach, trademarks, signs service or any other signs or identyfikatorach. company
7.
User rights for their own content
Weebly not claims the ownership rights to the content of user (as defined below), but the user agrees with effect throughout the world on its content on by hosting and carrying out all activities required to implement Weebly hosting services on the site (as a copy, converting or distribution content of the performance of the user).
In other words, the user and its subsidiaries and grants Weebly successors in title, global, free from the royalties, fully niewyłącznego paid-up,,, and the law irrevocable przenoszalnego life to grant the right to use, modify, reproduction sub-licensing thing, adapting, publishing, create works of derivatives, carrying out public and public issue content distribution throughout the world and by any user media.
Weebly not wishing to receive from users of confidential information or reserved via the service or emailem.
Unless included different content agreement with duly, any material information Weebly sealed representative and made available to us in any way by users ideas may be disseminated or used by the us or our affiliates without remuneration for the user and responsibility for any purpose, to bear, including, inter alia, for the development, production and marketing of products.
This provision shall not, however, concerns the content or personal data of personal privacy Weebly.
8.
Content, the rules of procedure, the
All information, data, texts, programmes, music, sound, pictures, graphics, videos, news, the goods, products, services or other materials to appear on the website using the service (" content ") remain solely owned by the person from whom the content of these come.
User is responsible for all content which, provide, or in any other will send załaduje way via the service. make
Weebly does not control content published by users in the service.
Content user may not cover transactions between buyers and sellers, which can not be identified or data of behaviour derived from using platform (including " data from platform ecommerce Weebly ").
Platform data from belong to that uses them for companies Weebly of operating servicing, improvements and intelligence.
User will also be responsible for carrying out the backup of their content.
Persons benefiting from the service can meet the content of a, or the objection. naughty obelżywym
Weebly under no circumstances be held liable for the content of the user or third parties, including, inter alia, for errors or shortcomings in content, user for damage or loss of any nature incurred as a result of the use of content, published or otherwise made available sent via the service.
User acknowledges that does not make a selection of content, however, while maintaining Weebly right (but not required to) to refuse to transfer or to remove the content of the inclusion of via the service.
Weebly also has the right at their own discretion to remove any content affecting these conditions or for other reasons of the opposition.
User itself assesses and shall bear all risks associated with the use of content.
User has no right to rely or be based on the content produced by Weebly.
User confirms and agrees that Weebly is allowed to retain content and disclosed if required by the law or if in good faith, it considers that the maintenance or the disclosure of the content is necessary in order to: (a) compliance with the principles of the legal proceedings; (b) ensure the implementation of these conditions; (c) respond to claim that violate the rights of third parties content; or (d) protection of the rights, wealth or personal security, users or others. our Weebly
Technical processing and transmission of service, including the content, may be associated with (a) providing them in networks; and (b) alteration and adapting to the technical requirements connected networks or equipment.
Users prohibits the following practices:
A.
Load, publish, or otherwise made available content: sent
And.
Illegal harmful, of threats, harassment or delikt,, most vulgar, a defamatory of affecting other persons (in the privacy of pomówieniami including, inter alia containing addresses, telephone numbers or other information contact without written consent of the person to whom these figures include), or on the grounds that the nienawistnych race, ethnic origin or other;
Ii.
Which user has no right to send in the light of any law, contractual obligations or commitments to meet loyalty (e.g.
Confidential information companies classified information and confidential in relation to work or taken or released on the basis of an agreement for the confidentiality of information);
Iii.
Infringing patents, trade marks, trade secrets, copyright, the right to privacy and identity or other rights in rem of other persons (e.g.
Music, films, images, or game, to which the user will not e-booki has rights).
Iv.
Of niezamówioną trade, " spam. " correspondence
This category includes unethical marketing, advertising and other practices in any way related to the ", " such as (and) spamowaniem dissemination of mass mailings to customers who do not ordered such of the user, containing the incorrect or correspondence, (ii) to promote the return address websites containing inappropriate link, titles, descriptions, or (iii) promotion by posting on its own website public fora of identical content, messages;
V.
Containing viruses, worms, or other forms of computer code trojany files or programmes which lead to interruption, destruction or limitation, software, hardware or functionality service telecommunications, or may affect the right of access to the service; the user Weebly
Vi.
Designed to harness the user, of a kind incentives for ", " " making money on rapid enrichment ', including any form of pyramids surfowaniu financial or marketing and other suspects multi-level structures;
Vii.
Intended " for adults ', such as containing in sexual contexts or other content of nudity topic intended for adults or eksponujące exposed genitals;
B.
Niepełnoletnim harm in any way;
C.
Hounding plague, or otherwise bother others;
D.
Podszywać under any other person or entity, including, inter alia, the employee, the leader, guide or host forum Weebly or false presented or otherwise fałszować its relationship with the person or entity other;
E.
Fałszować headlines or other forms of manipulation identifiers in order to make content sent via the service; zamaskowania origin
F.
Stop distort or work for servicing, or connected to the service, or network servers do not apply to requirements, procedures, policies or network codes connected to the service;
G.
Intentionally or negligently prejudice existing provisions or regulations state, federal or foreign.
User is required to comply with all relevant legal provisions for data transmission beyond the borders of the united states or technical's country of residence.
Using website, service or material outside the usa, the user sole responsibility for compliance with all the relevant provisions of law, including, inter alia, rules on acceptable online data privacy and regulatory practices import and export of other countries;
H.
Popularize action unlawful or on them should be encouraged to provide instructions of physical damage or injury person, or a group of persons or support acts of cruelty to animals.
Categories include, inter alia, transmission of instructions, grenades, other weapons or building bombs equipment; zapalających
I.
Enjoy service as a service to another site or not in accordance with the rules przekierowującej manipulate or another, " rankingami google or facebook " lajkami pozycjonowaniem similar systems networks and websites and social networks like mechanisms vote;
J.
Raise password or identifying information from third parties for the purpose of such person illegal or phishing attacks;
K.
Exceed scope of use, the user (e.g.
Through access and the use of tools, which the user has no right to use or disposal, adding or changing comments or content of other users);
L.
Made more than three units on the advertising which otherwise expressly or advertising, limit the usefulness of site;
M.
Load files only in order to them through the use of outside hostowania Weebly website created using the service (e.g.
Created editor Weebly);
N.
Create websites of the appearance of the resulting from the use of solutions in their own męczącym programming.
Tiresome examples of such may be abuse, abuse flashing appearance or the use of content potentially animation bannerów result in partial in accidental epileptycznymi; of the visitor
O.
Benefit in any way of open-source software under the gnu Affero general public license version 3 or more;
P.
Abused email, chat or telephone services or services of personnel providing technical support to customers;
Q.
Using service, to take any other action detrimental to service or reputation, as defined by at their own discretion Weebly Weebly.
Weebly has the right to close each account and access to users who violate these prohibitions.
9.
Sales using Weebly
Some of our services and materials may offer users the possibility to sell or purchase of goods and services using hostowanych or designed by such goods and services (websites Weebly are called " commercial products ').
Weebly provides only the platform on which the buyer and seller may contain transactions on the commercial products.
Using Weebly to sell, the operator must be at least 18 years of age or be in the country of residence. pełnoletnim
User must also state your full name, legal address, email address and other important current required the information we have.
In case of doubt on the property accounts so we reserve the right documents necessary to determine or confirmation of the property demands account.
Such documents may include, inter alia, scan licences operating an official identity card, the last four digits credit card enshrined in the stored data, etc.
Payments related to the purchase commercial products by purchasers are processed by cooperating with us, external entities operating payment.
Buyer commercial products when entering data for payments and diversion to service external supplier operating payment receive information a link to provide services and policy conditions zawierajacą confidentiality competent external service provider.
Handling payments are only applicable conditions under which services policy and confidentiality service provider payments.
Weebly shall not be liable for the actions of external providers.
In addition to other rules and requirements described in these conditions the user is required follow these rules, offering, selling or buying the commercial products.
Users shall be prohibited from offering and sell commercial products, which:
● banned or potentially forbidden by law, including
Counterfeit from theft or who are the fraud.
Commercial products sold using the service must comply with all the relevant requirements of law; this also applies to commercial products sold to natural persons outside the usa;
● violate or have the potential adversely affect the rights or the right to intellectual property protection of privacy other persons, or may result in, or otherwise be zniesławieniem pomówieniem humiliating;
● Weebly according to its own assessment considers to be inappropriate, aggression, pornographic explicit or violence; epatujące sexuality
● produced primarily for use as weapons, including firearms are devices reserved or ammunition.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to assess themselves whether a product is " a commercial ' within the meaning of these conditions;
● use image and a third party (including names of persons recognition or) to offer or sale of the commercial mainstream without prior consent of such a person three.
10.
Fees and terms of payment
The user can choose to conclude an agreement with a period of one month (1) on Weebly, six (6) months, twelve (12) months or twenty four (24) months.
Some functions are remunerated in accordance with descriptions of service on different types of services (" fees ").
User having opted for the exercise of those functions undertakes to pay all relevant fees.
Zastrzegamy right to carry out at any time changes in prices and / or merger in packages certain services to valuation purposes.
User authorised to carry out the necessary verifications in order to its validation Weebly accounts and financial information.
All charges are given in usd and shall not include any taxes, levies, duties or other similar public nature, including for example any burden
Vat financial or from use, or any other deductions imposed by any jurisdiction (called together "). " taxes
User responsible for to determine what possibly apply to payments made taxes or received by it and for the determination of the, taking, notification and normal amounts taxes to the competent authorities of the discharge.
User buyers for a fee offered by services shall give its agreement or external service provider Weebly Weebly in his name to the retention of data his acting payment card and entitle us to load (a) charges for services purchased and (b) the amounts of any tax associated with the use by the user of the services, which payment card data user made.
User undertakes simultaneously to pursue their claims and any refund Weebly costs to pay interest on late amounts of commitments.
Expiry payment card for which information and data user made a payment card or in the case of new has not liquidation account user agrees to further invoicing by us and bears responsibility for any unpaid charges.
At the end of its validity period of the agreement shall be automatically extended for a further period of an identical duration, unless you will unambiguous, and the method of payment will be used resignation chosen to make the appropriate load.
User may disable the auto renewal of the period of the existing agreement at any time.
Send resign may also making contact with us at http: / / hc.
WEEBLY.
Com or calling at any time to freephone.
11.
Resignation; changes on
Withdrawal from service shall have immediate effect.
After user does not have access to his resignation and site may remove all the information contained in it Weebly.
Weebly did not have any responsibility in connection with the ends information or content.
As long as we offer service, we will try to him update, improve and increase.
Ultimately we users access to service in this form, in which there is at a given time, without incurring any obligations, which there's no way in these conditions.
Can modify it (i.e.
Change limits stored data and capacity), replace refused access or suspend all or part of the service and exempt, amend and all or some of those offered by us modify parts of service-by our recognition.
All of these changes shall come into force at the time of notification on our website or directly communication, unless the user will be sent to the user made to another solution.
Weebly reserves the right to retain, delete or delete any content in the framework of user accounts, even without notification of the user concerned if it considers that they are in conflict with these conditions.
For avoidance of doubt, there is no obligation storage, maintenance or Weebly provide users by the user or by other copies content for the use of service.
So we reserve the right to also limiting or withdrawing the call or where support czatowego disproportionately in user uses these kinds of services offered to users, or otherwise affected by the possibility of providing support to other customers (being the Weebly whether there are circumstances we themselves).
12.
The money
In connection with all accounts, in addition to the basic monthly charges, Weebly odpłatnymi provides during the first 30 days guaranteed return of cash to purchase.
User unhappy with the service provided by account for whatever reason can obtain a full refund where dispenses with founded within 30 days from its activation accounts or 30 days after the renewal of the agreement.
Repayment measures should be directed to address http: / /, writing in the row theme: hc.weebly.com request (request for reimbursement). refund
Subscription Weebly can be held at any time amend the more expensive or cheaper.
When changing service for cheaper to user accounts will be attributed to the percentage calculated a surplus of money Weebly per the remainder of the agreement resulting from this change.
Credit such can be used to pay for consecutive months of use, but may not be zrefundowany Weebly in cash.
Account reduction in the level may be associated with loss of content, function or capacity / capacity account.
Weebly shall not be liable for such damage.
13.
Services provided by third parties; software and websites; lack of alleged guarantees
Weebly shall not be liable for loss or damage caused by the use by the user of services, products software or third parties, including, inter alia, websites contained in their content, such as the texts, documents, projects, paintings, short films, photos, videos, works of art, graphics, sound files, interactive communication and immediate audio-wizualne entries functions, files, documents and other materials (including " materials of third parties '), regardless of whether the user has been to link them or through site or service was redirected
Weebly ręczy not for any third parties, not accept for materials responsibility, nor shall any guarantees on the reliability of accuracy, the nature, provenance, quality or use of such materials of third parties.
Are solely responsible for ensuring that the use of such materials of third parties, including made available via the site or service, shall only take place in accordance with any relevant legal provisions and conditions relevant licences or any other agreement.
Weebly in any case, shall not be liable or third parties for the use of or against the alleged use of materials of third parties.
Materials third parties, such as emails, and using payments, including e-commerce, among other options payments provided by paypal and Stripe, square, Authorize.net may be subject to the conditions for the provision and privacy policies relevant third parties; user shall have sole responsibility for consultation, accepted and compliance with such conditions before will benefit from materials of third parties.
User makes use of the materials of third parties at their own discretion and at their own risk.
User who does not accept the service operating conditions or licensing agreement, should not take or use materials of third parties.
Using materials obtained by third parties does not involve the transfer to the user a service any rights, intellectual property rights or entitlements of third parties in addition to those referred to in the conditions of service or the licensing agreement the provider in question.
Contained on references to the materials of third parties does not mean that the company has approved or in any way for Weebly poręcza such materials.
External actors payment: for the processing of payment shall have recourse to third parties, which Weebly helps to guarantee the safe information processing payment identifying user.
Processing by those users ' personal data shall be subject to their own data protection rules, which may but need not provide personal the same degree of protection of personal data and privacy policy Weebly.
Payments are currently being processed and supported by external suppliers indicated below.
With processing each user, which of these entities payments we process payment.
· Authorize.net-privacy policy
· paypal-privacy policy
· square-privacy policy
· Stripe-privacy policy
· apple pay-privacy policy
· android pay-privacy policy
Apple pay and android pay for users who are activated automatically chose as a processor payments. Stripe
User who won't accept apple pay or pay as a kind of payment, must itself android de-activate apple and / or android. pay pay
These options can be turned off in the exit to the store.
Using apple pay and android pay means accepting guidelines allowed use apple and / or pay conditions for service provision google / pay (api) android.
14.
Recitals
User can discretion to make their own themes website (" own ') for the service, to use recitals by other operators.
User this grants and undertakes to grant of an exclusive licence for an indefinite period, with Weebly law to grant sub-licences, all over the world, without the obligation to make the existing licence fees, with the right to use, copying, modification and studies own themes brought by the user to service, including the code html and related multimediami.
15.
Conditions platform design
Use user from design to design sites (" service platform website to third parties (customers ') " user ") shall be subject to the following additional conditions customers in paragraph 15.
A.
Relations between the user and customer user remain only bilateral.
Weebly won't be party to any contract between the operator and a client of the user.
Ways and means used for the provision of services by the user are entirely in his hands; user undertakes, however, providing those services in a timely and professional, in line with industry practice, and in accordance with these conditions.
B.
User takes full responsibility for all customers made as part of its accounts and website as the site of each user these conditions.
C.
Although Weebly wants to enable the service under the sale of brand, private does not in any way for this Weebly poręcza and will not bear any liability for a possible failure to their subsistence.
D.
For contact with us by a user, shed him to the correct user.
Where user will not customer user support and will return to us from the user client requesting support informing them that it has not, user right to direct support such a client user zastrzegamy.
E.
Payments using platform service shall be calculated from each website design.
Website attributed to each customer a user account and published on live within the area of customer is the basis for the calculation of monthly fee user service.
Fee serwisową will credit card assigned to user accounts obciążana Weebly.
F.
Fee on every month in advance will be charged for the following month services, based on the total amount of service charges for all the site customers.
For publication of the new client during the month, the fee will be collected in proportion to the remaining time, with the invoice for the next month.
G.
For unused days remaining in the current cycle settlement system does not have any words.
H.
User acknowledges and agrees that as the holder of the account is ultimately responsible for payment of all sites customers attributed to his account.
If at any time during the payment obligations related to the site is not implemented, client will have the right to exclude website client to Weebly time regulate these commitments.
16.
Sale of service
User prohibits reproduce, or copy, sell, and use are any part of the service without the express written approval, which may take the form of a separate agreement concluded with Weebly (e.g.
Agreement Weebly cloud).
Weebly often is used by designers for web development for third parties.
Such use shall be allowed only in accordance with the conditions listed above. unambiguously defined platform design
For design websites for third parties using different version of the platform, any such design Weebly than websites must be attributed to the separate account controlled by that person third party and the user can not grouped many sites under one belonging to each account client.
17.
Registration of domain names, cancellation of domain names, the amendment of recording
Services registration of domain names (" using "), provided to the user domain by, apply the following additional conditions (Weebly conditions domain "). "
Using service domain provided by the user agrees to those conditions Weebly.
Some packages services include recording by Weebly domain names or extension of the existing online registration of domain names (" the domain name ") on behalf of the user.
Deployed for acquisition and / or maintenance of domain works only as a representative of the user in representing Weebly contacts with the provider of handling of domain names responsible for the allocation of domain names (" the registrant '), who will Register.com.
All new registrations and subsequent renewal of the registration will therefore also covered by the conditions for the provision, available at: http: Register.com / / www.register.com / policy / servicesagreement.rcmx.
Weebly reserves the right to make use of another provider of service domain names at any time, and in this case, the conditions of such an organisation will complement these conditions of service and such other entity providing service domain of domain names will be treated as " the registrant " for the purposes of these conditions.
Weebly may provide one (1) the domain name for a period of not more than one year, free of charge for the purchase of a new annual subscription or two.
Domain that will be assigned to a user account for the duration of its existence, Weebly registered in the user and may be detained by him as long as long he covers registration fees charged at the end of the first year.
Nieodpłatna domain name is limited to some of the highest category domain (e.g.
.Com,.net), with the signing of the new subscription. i.org
Are responsible for providing correct and complete data to the holder domain name (" the holder ") and for the registration of domain contacts administrative domain.
On all matters of technical, please contact the Weebly, inc.
Prior to the application for the registration of domain name is required to ascertain whether the user the name does not affect the rights of any third parties and whether it is contrary to the existing laws, rules or regulations.
Weebly may defer domain name until receipt of payments agreed activation of the service charge registration.
Weebly has no influence on the allocation of domain by the registrant.
Weebly can not guarantee that the user is registered, or domain that the domain name must not be accompanied rights of third parties, or ensure the continuity of its existence.
Any Weebly on the availability of information transmitted by the domain names are based on data provided by third parties and relate to time of the notification of such information. demands
Domain shall not be considered allocated until for the registration of domain user and an alert in the database of the domain of recording.
Initial registration period for purchased may vary; registration domain will be automatically renewed after every 12 consecutive months.
Can charged for automatic renewal of registration forty-five (45) calendar days before the expiry of the registration of a domain name (even if this date deviate from the date of renewal of the subscription website). Weebly
User can, of course, exclude option automatic extension domain name registration at any time before the next automatic renewal.
Each purchased a domain name is registered to the user and the user can keep her as long as long as it pays appropriate fee.
When purchasing new domain and renewal and cancellation purchase within existing thirty (30) days after the transaction by contact with http: / /, the user can obtain the full reimbursement. hc.weebly.com
Right title and user the domain name enables the transfer to another domain, but purchased domain providera in that case, he ain't gonna be entitled to the refund for domain. transferred from Weebly
Regardless of the identity of the holder or other information contact in the registers domain domain, each domain through user recorded using a user account shall be subject to this Weebly Weebly conditions.
Maintaining accurate and up-to-date information settlement is a running the account user. Weebly
This information must include the complete and correct the name of the holder of a domain, physical address for correspondence (mailboxes and addresses are not permitted), an important anonymous email address and phone number.
For changes to this information the user should immediately inform us of any changes, when update them online.
Please note that in the case of outdated information, including data settlement credit card, not renewed domain in respect of service Weebly and domain names may then expired.
Subject to these conditions and conditions for the provision of services by an registrant, the user can move all the domain names registered through us to another provider service domain names, acting in accordance with the instructions of the online provided by Weebly.
If due to an error user account operator or a new service provider of the holder of domain names will not be able to transfer Weebly domain name for the new entity providing service domain names chosen by the user, then we reserve the right to cancel then clearly domain name by deletion of her from the register by the competent entity providing service domain names after the expiry date of the without incurring by us accountability to the user or any third party in respect of the withdrawal.
Zastrzegamy right to express their consent to the transfer of the domain only in the case by the user any unchallenged obligations towards Weebly legislation.
Recovery domain name after the expiry of its registration is not always possible, and at their own discretion when the domain name shall be Weebly can be resumed after the expiry of the registration and what will be connected with this fee.
Losing domain in the absence of payments in the case, shall be entitled, at his discretion: Weebly (a) register the domain for its own account and benefit from it; (b) to sell or transfer the domain name to a third party; or (c) delete the domain name and allow other holders domain anywhere in the world its registration all over again.
Also user agrees to load for his credit card attributed to account Weebly Weebly recovery of any sums user account to the other.
In certain circumstances, registration of domain names may be challenged on the basis of law.
Where Weebly becomes a party to proceedings by the registration of domain names for the user, user undertakes to cover all costs, including legal expenses, aggravating and take away from the responsibility for Weebly Weebly such activities. any
For of a complaint lodged in court or notice Weebly authority on user administration domain may following their own assessment: a (Weebly) block or suspend the use, modify or move entries registration; and / or user (b) transfer control on the provisions registration, for that purpose by the user to a competent court obtained from the registrant certificate.
User is required to inform immediately of loss of rights to the domain names registered Weebly by Weebly on his behalf.
18.
E-mail marketing services
To services provided by email marketing (" marketing " email directly to the user Weebly) are applicable in addition of the following conditions.
Using email marketing services undertakes to comply with these conditions user.
Weebly may at any time decide to suspend or discontinue the user access to services of marketing and the use of them in the case of email of non-compliance with these conditions by the user.
Using email user is required to comply with all the relevant marketing provisions of national law and foreign.
This includes both legislation user as and legislation and each of the recipients to whom Weebly user (. " " wants to send emails).
Examples of relevant legislation may be rules on spam, i.e. commercial correspondence (hereinafter " spam " niezamawianej or " "), security, the content of the obscene NKH, protection of worship, intellectual property rights, pornography, terrorism, national security, gambling, protection of minors and other relevant legislation.
The responsibility of the user is to obtain information and understanding of the law regarding the use of email marketing and email using the email service generated marketing.
Using email marketing user is also obliged to adhere to the entries on privacy email marketing.
Policy Weebly privacy can be consulted in here.
User sole responsibility for their products and services, and for all forms of promotion and content contained or addressed in using the services of email marketing. emailach rozsyłanych
User undertakes to use the email according to the law in a safe manner, marketing, professional and in line with best practice in the industry, including, inter alia, lead reliable records.
User sole responsibility for all their claims and also for providing assistance to users, and to promote their products and services operate guarantee.
Use user of email must be carried out in accordance with guidelines Weebly marketing.
Described below are examples of practices which may constitute a violation of these conditions in connection with making or email messages using email marketing or rozsyłaniem:
Users prohibits the following practices:
A.
Using email marketing in breach of the conditions for service provision or provisions of the law applicable to the user Weebly or its customers;
B.
Using marketing email to spam. distribution
User is required to ensure that all customers unambiguously agreed to receive from him email, actively by selecting the option to receive these email.
Emails distributed using email and messages must comply with the marketing policy, which the rules are outlined below Antyspamową Weebly:
And.
Weebly maintains a policy of spam and and intentionally nietolerowania consciously shall not enter into any business contacts with users or companies to send spam / NKH.
We don't sell and do not exchange of personal data from the lists clients that agree to receive correspondence marketing.
Ii.
Email shall be considered as spam if inter alia: (a) the identity of the context and are separated from one another, because so many other news could relate to the potential recipients; (b) can not be verified a customer informed, unambiguous and consent to receive such a correspondence and (odwoływalnej (c) the message and receipt of messages appears to have disproportionately greater benefits service.
Iii.
Classification spam is dependent on the agreement, not from the content.
Recipient should " actively " or clearly agree to confirm to receive messages, whether it is in response to the clear and request, or on its own initiative of the recipient.
Iv.
American Can-spam act and sets out requirements for law regulates correspondence commercial the right to require the cessation of its dispatch confers on beneficiaries and penalties for infringements of these provisions. establishes strict
Other regulations and legislation in the various countries also apply to marketing electronic and does not provide legal advice, that although Weebly we encourage users to acquaint themselves with those provisions, in particular where they are resident or to customers outside of the u.s. shall send emails
V.
In case of receipt by the complaints about spam or problems relating to compliance with legal requirements encountering, or in the case of identify potential problems with the contact list, by Weebly in the first instance will ask the user Weebly with questions, to clarify its activities and objectives together.
If Weebly determines that the list of addressees is not based on consents obtained or is too old or problematic in order to benefit from it, we ask the user to remove it from the account.
In specific cases, we can ask the user to find another service provider due to clear the incompatibility of the goal.
Vi.
Please consult the faq email marketing available in center, where the user will help further guidance, like in a responsible manner, as well as information about the lead the dispatch of other methods used by in order to protect an unwelcome and Weebly niezamawianą correspondence.
Vii.
Each case suspicion that the user emails, you can submit us distribute Weebly niezamawiane at abuse @ weebly.com.
C.
Using e-mail marketing to request the provision or to collect or transmission of information to identify a person on the private or other users or other persons without the consent of these users or persons, clearly expressed in writing (or consent-in the case of information), parents minors or other information, which the user legally prohibited has no right to obtain, trying to gather or spread.
D.
Using e-mail marketing to distribution campaign or referring to parties presenting emailingowych behind the scenes, other has clearly sexual content of pornography, goods or services, or other legally prohibited content that Weebly following their own assessment considers it inappropriate.
E.
That message, information, data, texts software or images or other content, which do not belong to the user and for which no it was lawfully licence, or which are legally prohibited, harmful, are threats, abuse, harassment, insulting, they're very vulgar, obscene, or for other reasons raise an objection, zniesławiające and may adversely affect the rights of another person to privacy or identity.
F.
Sending e-mail marketing, false or misleading advertising of unethical, or promotion activities and policies of sales.
G.
Publishing or transmission of materials containing viruses or corrupted data.
H.
Use of purchased or rented mailing lists.
I.
Use of email addresses, domain names or third parties, without their consent postal servers due.
J.
Sending email addresses (e.g. on nieskonkretyzowane
Domain.com webmaster @ or info @) or distribution lists, newsgrupy, domain.com on publicly available addresses press or media or purchased emailowe email addresses.
K.
Resulting nieakceptowaną number of complaints about sending email or (even if the spam NKH emails do not qualify as spam or NKH).
L.
Off niezamieszczanie or links to not to subscribe in each dispatched from the list, allowing customers an email print. mailingowej
Any such a link must remain for at least 60 functional days after dispatch of the user and undertakes not to delete and do not try to remove or exclude functions that link;
M.
Exclude the possibility of customer demands removal from the list or failure to exercise within seven (7) the user mailingowej calendar days from the receipt of the request.
The user can not charge, require the recipient of administration of any personal data in addition to email address or demand from the recipient, as a condition comply with demands removal from the list, undertake any activities other than mailingowej message reply to email or visiting the single website.
In accordance with the law u.
P.
Can-spam act and other relevant legislation user confirms that will remain responsible for managing and implementing the demands discharge from the list after the closure of the accounts for any reason mailingowej Weebly.
N.
Hiding origin or email, falsifying or manipulation of the sender's address the content, content subject headings or email line identification of the email. przekierowań
For each message sent by the user using email or email marketing: (a) box " from " must indicate the exact content, not misleading as to the identity of the sender or its organisation; (b) box " on " must reflect the actual content of the email and email may not contain any content misleading or erroneous on the general content of email.
User agrees that will be the only or email using the email indicated sender each consigned in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law on marketing use by the user of email marketing (e.g.
American legislation act of 2003 Can-spam
Canadian law legislation, p. Anti-spam antyspamowej
C.
2010 c.
23 directive 2003/58 / ec and the european parliament and of the council of 12 july 2002);
User has therefore obliged to meet these laws and laws in other jurisdictions applying to use by the user, marketing, and is responsible for their email any infringement.
O.
Niewskazanie each e-mail important (which, if the user physical location is located in the u.s., can be an important at the mailbox meeting the requirements of registration set out by the united states postal service) or no link to such information.
To customers in the european union must also include any email registration number broadcasters in the relevant register of economic activity and vat registration number, or a link to the public;
P.
Transmission of ", " " chains, " junk email " financial " (e.g. pyramids
Coupons discounts, prizes or other incentives) or other materials incentives to forward to customers; or another recipient email
Q.
Non-compliance import and export in the usa and the regulation of other countries.
Some branches market economic higher than an average of the presence of the abuse of the has spam.
Therefore email marketing may not be used in certain sectors and by some of the broadcasters.
These categories include, inter alia:
And.
Pharmaceutical products;
Ii.
Work nakładaczą, making money online structure " and the creation of " wzbogać opportunity to raise " " leadów marketing
Iii.
Trade online daily advice or market related commercial content securities;
Iv.
Content mortgage lending and lending;
V.
Herbal food supplements and vitamin;
Vi.
Service products or advice related to gambling.
Vii.
Marketing with;
Viii.
Marketing partnerships and other forms of marketing, under which the trader rewards for each client or partners as a result of actions marketing harvested of the visitor a partner or otherwise motivates partners in this field;
Ix.
Improving creditworthiness or oddłużanie
X.
Counterfeits and imitation other brand. were disguised as
User is responsible for ensuring that the content of emailach those guidelines. do not infringe
Weebly there is no obligation, but has the right to monitor user account for compliance with these conditions and accepted standards of trade.
Weebly reserves the right to block email, disposal or prohibit the use of email marketing content at their own discretion when it considers that there is a breach of the abovementioned guidelines or these conditions (including conditions Sendgrid).
User acknowledges and confirms that and appropriate third parties, in support of Weebly or distributing emails and content, to the user publikujące also the right to amend format, edit, monitor, block or delete emails and reject content and suspend or terminate the service email marketing wholly or partially, permanently or temporarily.
In any case, these provisions do not shall result in on our side commitments or responsibility towards user, or responsibility for ensuring compliance with the provisions of the law or commitments, which remains in the exclusive obligations and responsibility of the user.
If user finds out or becomes suspected infringement of these conditions, we are asking for notification of that fact here. Weebly
Weebly alone to determine whether these conditions are complied with and reserves the right to apply, without notice, all measures (legal, technical and other) or prevent the introduction and presence in its network or email messages, or other unauthorised NKH campaign, and use by not with this network.
Weebly email marketing and exclude account has the right to stop at any moment and from any user Weebly reason.
Exclusion Weebly accounts, related and any forever will remove the account data.
For service email marketing of api (currently enjoys Weebly Sendgrid). www.sendgrid.com
Therefore use by the user of marketing shall also be subject to conditions and politicians email in the current and taking into account current added Sendgrid their possible changes in the future (" conditions '), including, inter alia, Sendgrid Sendgrid and their privacy policy. the conditions of service
Conditions Sendgrid are supplementary to these conditions and user is required to comply with both another in so far as they concern the email marketing.
Weebly is not obliged to information of the user of any changes to the terms. Sendgrid
Weebly has the right to service third parties, in the end, at its own discretion, in each Sendgrid time, not about that users and without incurring, by giving that title any liability towards users or third parties.
Those completion of services or third parties may affect the action services capacity to provide all or some of the functions of the email Weebly marketing, for which shall not be liable to the user or persons Weebly third.
Weebly is information made available by the users in connection with the use us of their marketing, such as email (including a list of contact email addresses and other information contained in such lists) and content published or used by the users in email or otherwise marketing.
Weebly confirms that such lists contact (" information about clients ') and the content is the property of the user.
Weebly he and no information about the enterprise without prior express permission wydzierżawi user and will not use of the information about clients for purposes other than those described in the privacy policy and in these conditions.
Sendgrid also may use the information about clients and other information made available in the us in accordance with conditions Sendgrid marketing email.
User this grants, not requiring royalties irrevocable non-exclusive licences in the territory around the world, with the right to grant sub-licences, on the use, reproduction, publication, distribution and their information about its clients, only to the extent required by in order to offer to service email and Weebly marketing.
Are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, compliance with the law, reliability and adequacy of the information about clients.
User is responsible for maintaining, preservation and storage of information about clients in accordance with the relevant legislation and its contractual obligations, including these conditions.
User represents and warrants that owns or it should be granted the right to material contained in its and information about the enterprise required by Weebly emailach to benefit from the information about its clients in accordance with these conditions.
Using email marketing, user agrees that all emails and messages and contained in their content shall not be confidential and automatically or shall ensure that the content of the owner or declares the intellectual property rights gives us (directly or in the form of by the user) free from sub-licensing thing non-exclusive royalties, life-long, in force throughout the world, the licence of transmissible with the right to grant sub-licences, on the use, reproduction, creating studies, modify, publishing, editing, translation, distribution, exercise and display content or intellectual property in every way and in all currently known or created in the future, media, including in connection with our marketing and promotional activities.
To the extent permitted law has allowed to perform and keep a copy of any Weebly information about the enterprise necessary to provide a service email to perform the marketing and for their own use backup or in relation to compliance with the rules of law and regulatory requirements.
Weebly but there is no obligation to store the information about its clients, email and messages, content and other data user.
Exercise backup information about the enterprise is the responsibility of the user.
Weebly makes no submissions or assurances that the content and materials in our website and / or service are suitable for use in places email marketing outside the united states.
Persons benefiting from access to services from other locations do marketing email at their own risk and bear the responsibility for compliance with the relevant legislation for the site.
So we reserve the right at any time and at their own discretion limit the availability of recourse to email, quantity and marketing individuals, regions or geographical jurysdykcjom.
19.
Liability protections
User undertakes to protect the company, its subsidiaries, licencjodawców Weebly related companies, members of the management,, members of the management or supervisory bodies, representatives, brand, partners, employees, successors współużytkowników and (including " protected person ') cesjonariuszy from all forms of accountability and liability, the loss, claims them with all the rebate, compensation costs, expenditure (including, inter alia, justified demands or legal expenses incurred or committed by protected persons to third parties in respect of claims arising: (a) as a result of the use by the user (or other person using his account) on site, or materials, or in connection with such use, (b) in view of the content, user (c) in connection with the products offered by the user on commercial or through her, or with the use of our service or (d) as a result of the use by the user of service or in connection with this domain.
These applies, inter alia, any breach of these conditions by anyone who is benefiting from user accounts.
User undertakes at its own expense ensure full cooperation to the extent required by the protected person.
Each protected person may, at his own choice, lead and monitored, in connection with the defence case that discretion protection against liability arising from these conditions.
User is prohibited settling out in any matters relating to protected persons without the prior consent properly protected person.
20.
Legal reservations regarding the guarantees and warranty
A.
User relies on at their own risk.
Services are provided at any time in this form and the state in which they exist.
WEEBLY clearly excludes any form of guarantee and warranty, and laws, including contractual legal guarantees of trade, the suitability of the airworthiness and lack of infringements.
B.
WEEBLY shall not be liable for damage, loss of data, information about clients and / or data retailers, nor for other activities in revenue losses resulting from delays, irregular or lack of information service delivery restrictions or loss of access, or other errors, unauthorised use in BUGÓW due to allowing by the user access to service or other interaction with a.
User is responsible for the maintenance of data and information in the service and performance of their backup.
WEEBLY does not guarantee that (i) a service will always meet specific requirements user, (ii) a service will be available without interruption, in a timely manner, safely and without any errors, (iii) results, which may be obtained in the course of use will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of the products, services, information and other materials purchased or obtained by the user via the service will meet his expectations, and (v) any errors service will be corrected.
C.
All materials are collected or otherwise obtained using the service at the discretion of and at the risk of the user; user shall have sole responsibility for any damage caused by a computer system or the loss of data resulting from the collection of such materials.
D.
Data information, content and / or materials contained or in connection with a are not available and are not a substitute for knowledge, experience, skills and the correctness of the assessment of available to professional tax advisers, legal or other.
Service does not provide tax consultancy or law.
Obtaining such advice is the responsibility of user to what we are encouraging before resorting to our service and in connection with it.
E.
These conditions relate exclusively to the service.
Under services to other users WEEBLY websites third party (" HOSTUJE certain site of third parties ').
Site third parties may contain produced by a third party, providing content management and control from WEEBLY beyond the reach.
WEEBLY shall not be liable for the site, including, inter alia, for third parties, regularity, reliability, relevance correctness, completeness or timeliness these sites, the accuracy of the available on them for their combines any changes or updates or for goods or services sold on these websites.
Visiting and the use of websites of third parties is subject to conditions appropriate for the particular site of third parties.
Hosting sites of third parties by can not be interpreted as a guarantee by WEEBLY for those parties or entities providing for WEEBLY for them content or service.
F.
Or WEEBLY nor any supplier third party, no partner or affiliated entity can not guarantee that the site, its servers, materials or services or dispatched from the website or by suppliers of emails third parties, or related entities are free from partners viruses and other harmful elements.
G.
WEEBLY licensor and his shall not any statement or assurances on the availability of services, or airworthiness or materials for use site in all geographic regions.
21.
The limitation of liability
To the extent permitted by law shall not be liable to users or other WEEBLY people for the damage direct, indirect, supporting specific performance or other damage resulting in the creation of a compensation, including, inter alia, sanctions PENALIZUJĄCEJ loss of benefits, goodwill, loss, loss of data or other possibilities to use intangible (even if the company was informed about the possibility of the occurrence of the damage WEEBLY) resulting from: (a) the use or can not benefit from service; (b) costs ensure substitutable goods and services related to the purchase or collection, data, information or services, or goods with messages or transactions with service or exchanged with its use; (c) the unauthorised access to sent information or data, or their amendment; (d) statements or actions of others on or (e) any other issues related to the service.
In case of any problems with the site, a or materials the only means, taking into account its recovery user to existing legislation, is able to waive the use of website, service and materials.
Permitted applicable law firm as far as possible, its related entities and the licensor not WEEBLY bear responsibility for the use by the user, website, service, material, the content of the user, the commercial products, content generated by the third party users available on or of its use, including, inter alia, for errors and omissions, violations of intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, for any loss or damage incurred in connection with the use of the site, service, material, the content of the user, the commercial products, content generated by the third party users available on or of its use, or in connection with them.
22.
Exemptions and restrictions
In certain jurisdictions is not permitted to exempt certain forms of warranty, limitation or exclusion from liability accompanying or referred to in point performance.
20 and 21.
Therefore restrictions described above in point.
20 and 21 shall not apply to certain users.
23.
Rights reserved the us administration
Materials within the service are offered with " rights reserved. "
Use reproduction, or by the us administration is restricted disclosure of their resulting from the relevant legislation and regulations.
Using materials by the us administration confirms our own to their rights.
24.
Arbitration clause; surrender of participation in collective actions
Company Weebly would be able to deal with the problems user before user decides to to seise to Weebly.
Please contact at available at http: / / hc.weebly.com.
Contact user emailem in order to an amicable settlement.
User Weebly or may initiate dispute settlement in the case of a formal process the failure to resolve it in 30 days after its notification by the user.
User can proceed to the dispute with only individually; the user will not provide WEEBLY actions as a reason or a member of classes within collective proceedings, consolidated or representative (e.g.
Class action, arbitration, more function attorney general or the collective consolidated with other) ARBITRAŻAMI.
Any claims linked to these conditions, which have not been resolved in the arbitration or in the manner described below, will eventually be settled in the process of binding arbitration and only by a single arbitrator (" arbitrator ') of the american association arbitration (https: / / www.adr.org), in accordance with this paragraph and with the principles in force under the arbitration of the forum.
Arbitrator resolve any threshold questions under, including issues of feasibility, arbitrage conflict with the principles of social coexistence or conditions and protect the arbitration in iluzoryczności this waiver, delays, non-payment of legal action or the existence of the obstacle.
According to the requirements of a given jurisdiction user may address their claims to the judgment in local court on small claims instead of arbitration, provided that the claim falls within the competence of the court of the
Small claims, and shall be carried out within the framework of individual application (and not). block
Records of the federal act (federal act), 9 arbitration Arbitration u.
P.
C.)
1-16, apply in full.
If user is a consumer in connection with a transaction intended for providing a claim personal use, household or family, any hearing shall take place in the country of residence arbitration of the user.
Otherwise hearing arbitration shall take place in san francisco, the state of california, or in another together the rendezvous.
Decision arbitrator is binding on the parties and may be registered as a judgment in any competent court.
Arbitrator may declare release, but only towards declarative or nakazowe by the party seeking the release and only to the extent necessary to ensure that the release of guaranteed by the statement party.
Decision arbitrator and his judgment do not have the effect of the obstacles or in any other case secondary precedensowej or other arbitration.
Weebly undertakes to pay the fees due for the american association of arbitration arbitration individual in accordance with this paragraph, which brought sum does not exceed 10,000 dollars, unless an arbitrator finds that claim user was reckless.
If you will prevail, in which the claim is entitled to legal aid, may seek to recover its costs from an arbitrator.
For demanding user release from claims, there will be no demand reimbursement of the costs of legal aid Weebly, even if they could be granted otherwise, unless it finds that the claim user was an arbitrator reckless.
For this paragraph of any reference to the arbitration of the user and also include the corresponding subsidiaries and associated Weebly, representatives of workers, and agents, as well as successors predecessors, authorised users or beneficiaries in the framework of services.
Without prejudice to and without reservation of these provisions, the user agrees that any arbitration court proceedings (except for small claims consumer referred to above) fall under the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts state city and county of san francisco, the state of california, or federal court district of northern california.
If any part of these conditions is found to be invalid or ineffective, part of that will be interpreted in a manner reflecting the original intentions of the parties, while the other faithfully part of the conditions will remain in force and will keep the effectiveness of without restriction.
Each party may submit applications only in court precautionary measures in order to prevent unauthorised use of service or his, or to claim the abuse of intellectual property rights (e.g.
Copyright, trademarks, business secrets or patent rights) without this function notification dispute to poprzedzania or arbitration an amicable way.
If this arbitration clause will not apply to the user or to its claims, legal proceedings will be brought before the court of the federal or state county of san francisco, california.
User Weebly and agree to personal and exclusive jurisdiction to in san francisco, the state of california.
Aside possible different laws or other regulations, or an action brought by the user resulting from claims of use or these conditions or associated with them must be submitted within one (1) year from the date of such a claim or action, otherwise it will be deemed to be irreversibly time-barred.
25.
Information to users in california
Company Weebly wishes to have to respond to the problems of the user.
So that we can respond to the reservations, please contact at the user http: / / hc.weebly.com.
May also be for us to write a square, inc. (address
Cares Weebly) 1455 market street, suite 600, san francisco, california 94103 us.
In addition, in accordance with applicable in california code civil pairs.
1789.
3 users service from california are entitled to the following special information on consumer rights: the chapter of the complaints handling consumer services california department of consumer affairs can be contacted, writing on address: 1625 north blvd., market
Suite n 112, sacramento, ca or calling the number (916) 95834 or (800) 952-5210 445-1254.
26.
General provisions
Weebly doręczać users may notice or ordinary mail. emailem
Service may also notice of changes of these conditions or other doręczać issues in the form of displayed notification or links to addressed to user notifications generally within service.
If country of residence user is the united states or canada, these conditions and relations between the holder and shall be governed by the law of california, without taking into account Weebly conflicts of laws.
User Weebly and agree to personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts to in san francisco, the state of california.
If country of residence of the user is the united kingdom, ireland or any other country except for the united states, canada, japan and australia, these conditions and relations between the holder and shall be governed by the law of england and wales Weebly.
If country of residence of the user is japan, these conditions and relations between the holder and is subject to law. Weebly japanese
If country of residence of the user is australia, these conditions and the relationship between the holder and governed by the law of the state of victoria. Weebly
Niedochodzenie non-execution or by rights or the powers conferred on the basis of his Weebly these conditions will not be interpreted as the surrender of these rights or entitlements.
This conditions constitute a whole agreement between a user and governing by user Weebly of service, replacing the earlier agreements (including, inter alia, any previous versions of these conditions).
User may also be subjected to additional conditions applicable in the case of the use of services related parties or other services, the content of belonging to third parties or software third parties.
If competent court considers any provisions of these conditions or contained in the void, the parties regardless of agree that the court should try to take into account the parties reflected in such provisions and intentions of all other provisions conditions shall remain in force.
User agrees that, regardless of any different laws or regulations, or an action brought by the user resulting from claims of use or these conditions or associated with them must be submitted within one (1) year from the date of such a claim or action, otherwise it will be deemed to be irreversibly time-barred.
Titles individual points of these conditions only serve to comfort use text and does not have any legal effect or contractual.
User notes and confirms that it is to the right to participate as a reason or a member of possible with class actions or proceedings class proceedings representative.
Also claim more than one person can not be under any circumstances, be consolidated within any form of class actions or proceedings representative.
27.
Infringement
For reporting violations of these conditions, please use form on the reporting of abuse.
