The conditions for use
Which contain conditions using the service?
Index is intended to facilitate consultation with the terms of use of a service (so-called conditions).
We hope that our guidance will prove to be useful.
Regardless, please consult the complete version of conditions.
Welcome to youtube.
In this section are the principles governing our relationship.
It contains description of the service, the definition of agreement and an indication of the service provider.
Who can benefit from services?
This section lays down certain requirements concerning the use of services and contains definitions of categories of users.
Use of services
In this section are user rights to benefit from the services and the related conditions.
It identifies the also rules on changes to the service.
Content and user behaviour
This section applies to users who provide content to services.
This section defines the scope of the powers that by sending their content, and user shall provide includes a commitment to anything would not submitting the user rights of others.
Suspension and closure of accounts
This section contains information on how the relationship between youtube and stop user.
Software for
This section contains details of the software in service.
Other legal conditions
This section contains our commitment to provide a service to users.
Also explains that, for some things don't we have a responsibility.
Information on the
This section contains further relevant information relating to the contract, including that of which is to be expected, if necessary, make amendments to the conditions for the use of services and specifying that provisions are applicable to it.
The conditions for use
Of: 5 january 2022
The conditions for using services
Welcome to youtube.
Introduction
Thanks for the use of youtube and products, services and functions available under it (called " service ") together.
Our service
Thanks service users worldwide can discover watch and provide films and other content.
Is it a forum in which users can connect with one another, communicate any information, as well as mutually inspire.
She platform for distribution of the original materials for creators and large and small at the moment.
A lot of information on our services and how to exercise them can be found in the centre of the aid.
There.
Information on youtube kids, programme and paid subscription youtube and partner youtube purchases.
You can also read all about the use of content on other devices such as tv, games console, and even homepage google.
Service provider
Entity providing a service within the european economic area and switzerland is google ireland limited, and acting under the law of the irish company entered in the register (registration number:), located at: 368047 gordon house, street, dublin, ireland (barrow 4 hereinafter ", " " we, " " youtube us " or " our ").
Associates references to " youtube " under these circumstances, other companies means group corporate Alphabet inc.
The conditions
Using services is subject to this conditions for community guidelines and policy principles, safety and youtube copyright (including called " agreement ").
If you will make use of functions available in service or advertising or sponsorship will contain priced in their content, then the promotions, will also include rules on youtube user advertisements on youtube.
Please carefully read this agreement and make sure that is understandable.
If you don't understand the contract or does not accept any part of it, can not benefit from the services.
Who can benefit from services?
The age limits
User may use the services, if it is at least 16 years old, but children of all ages may benefit from the services and youtube (if this service is available kids) if it is in agreement with the parent or guardian of law.
Consent parent or guardian
If user has no 18 years of age must have permission from parent or guardian legal to use the service.
Parent or guardian should be familiar with the agreement.
If you're a parent or legal guardian user aged less than 18 years, allowing child to use the services of this agreement, and you are responsible for the activity of the provisions under your baby in the service.
Tools and resources to help you in the management of youtube for your family (including as to enable the child under the age of 16 years of age, the use of services and youtube kids), will be in our help center and applications family link.
Companies
If user makes use of the services on behalf of companies or organisations, confirms that has authority to act on behalf of, and it accepts this agreement.
Use of services
The content of the service
Content service include films, audio files (for example, music and other sounds), graphics, pictures, text (e.g.
Comments scripts and), elements (including trade names, brand trademarks, service or logo) functions interactive software, indicators and other materials (collectively referred to as " content ").
Content may be delivered to the service and disseminated by our users and youtube is service provider for such content. hostingowych
Responsibility content is the person or entity, which shall make them available in the service.
If user content that in his view notice are incompatible with those conditions, for example, affect the guidelines for the current law may be communities or it to us.
" Google " account and channels youtube
User can benefit from the part of the services, such as browsing and search without content. " google " account
But to use some of the functions needed is account google.
User account holder may like the google click the button videos, channels to create their own channels youtube and subscribe to do more activities.
Instructions creation " google " account are here.
Sent films, in order to add comments or create user must set up a channel on youtube. playlisty
Instructions about the creation of own youtube channel can be found here.
To ensure the safety of its " google " account, there should be a confidentiality password.
Password should not be used in other applications to " google " account companies.
Learn more about securing accounts, including the actions it google should be taken in the case of unauthorised use password or " google " account.
User data
Our privacy policy we make clear how we treat the personal data of the user and how are we protecting the privacy in the use of services.
Document youtube kids-information on the protection of privacy contains additional information on our principles related to the protection of privacy youtube kids.
We process all the content of the audible and sent by the user in accordance with the audiovisual data processing by youtube.
Exceptions are sent as part of their personal or domestic content.
For more information
Powers and restrictions
Access to services and the use of it in such a form in which has become available, can be subject to the respect of this agreement and existing legislation.
Playback content is possible (of films or music) for private purposes, which do not involve any commercial activities.
Display videos on youtube you can also using bonded to the player youtube.
The use of a service, however, are the following restrictions apply.
The user can not:
Obtain access to any part of the services or any content and its or download, display, sell, disseminate, transmit, to change, modify or in any other licencjonować method used, unless he does it: (a) in the manner authorised in service; (b) with the prior written consent of the youtube and, where appropriate, the relevant; or (c) holders of rights in accordance with applicable law;
Dodging, exempt, use service or otherwise in making her (or to try to achieve any of these interfere things), including safety related functions services or functions that (a) prevent or reduce copying or other use of content and / or (b) restrict the use of services or content;
Obtain access to services by means of any automatic measures (such as work,), unless botnets or scrapery (a) relates to the public, in accordance with a file developed by search engines, (b) robots.txt youtube with the prior written consent; or (c) in accordance with the youtube applicable law;
Collected or use of any information that they can identify the person (for example, collect usernames or face), images unless the person has given his consent or this is permitted under point 3 above.
Use services to disseminate promotional or commercial or other unwanted content or distributed materials (spam) highly effects;
Inaccurate give rise to any measurements users in service or encourage a genuine commitment to them, including by payment users or to encourage them to increasing the number of views, as well as its assessments or film negative or positive, increasing the number of subscribers channel or otherwise data handling;
Incorrectly laid down in connection with the use of the processes, complaints, disputes or declarations, including through the transmission groundless, references or information; dokuczliwych niepoważnych
Organise service or through her competitions, which are not in accordance with the principles and guidelines on youtube contests;
Enjoy services in order to display or not only for the personal and listening to the content of the non-commercial (for example, must not be publicly issue movies or music using the service); strumieniować
Enjoy services in order to (a) the sale of advertising services, or promotion provided through or in sponsorskich service or content, other than those authorised in the rules on advertising in youtube (for example, in accordance with the principles of product placement); (b) advertising services, or for promotional sponsorskich sales or any side any given or applications containing the content originating in services or where content from services are the main source of such sales (for example, sales on the advertising, which are the only valuable). all youtube videos
Reservation
All rights, which were not expressly provided user in this agreement, remain rights or their respective youtube holders.
This means, for example, that the use of services does not give any user of intellectual property rights to available content (including any brand used or service) which appears.
Development, improvement and updating services
Youtube constantly changes and improves service.
Under continuous development of our content and digital services can introduce in their modifications or alterations (throughout the service), e.g.
Add or different functions; we are introducing new content and we phase out the digital services or old. we
We can also make changes to the service of others, the following reasons: to adapt it to new technologies; in order to reflect the increase or decrease the number of persons which use the product in question, services or functions, in order to follow the most important changes in the licences and the conditions of cooperation with other players; in order to prevent abuse or damage; to respond to the issues of legal and regulatory or safety issues or protection.
In particular, sometimes we do required by law, which is introducing amendments to ensure compliance with the updates of the law of digital content, and / or goods digital services.
These updates of content and digital services for reasons of safety or security and that we have to make sure that they comply with the expected by the quality standards, such as those described in the following section responsibility as the benefits from the contract. youtube
Updates which involve important security risks, we installed automatically.
In case of other updates the user can choose whether to them installed.
Before change service or any of its elements, we offer exactly the user and its legitimate expectations, in terms of interest as well as the potential impact of the proposed changes to all users.
Change service or offer any of its elements, only we stop important reasons.
If impede access to services or change its use, we'll notify about this in advance, in which we make a description of changes in an email and timing of their introduction.
Poinformujemy also on its user to terminate the agreement if with us almost changes have a negative impact to a greater extent than negligible.
It does not include emergency, for example, the prevention of fraud or damage, replying to legal requirements or problems with the response safety and performance of services.
Umożliwimy also through google Takeout (user wyeksportowanie content in accordance with applicable rules and the law).
Content and user behaviour
Transmission of
User who has channel in youtube, shall assist the service content and to use them in its activities to promote, including artistic.
But may not sent to services, which are not in accordance with the content of the agreement or by law.
Sent content, for example, may not contain material protected by intellectual property rights of third parties (such as copyright), unless you received from them or is legally entitled to that authorisation (including by any available exceptions or limitations relating to copyright or related rights provided for in the law of the european union).
Are legally responsible for the content of sent to services.
We can benefit from automatic systems to detect violations and abuse analysing content, such as spam, malicious software and illegal content.
Rights granted to youtube
User retains all property rights to its content.
In short, the property user remains.
Demand but grant certain rights youtube and, as described below to other services.
License to youtube
Providing content in service, user grants, free of charge, youtube worldwide niewyłączną to transfer, the possible use of the licence sub-licences content (including for its reproduction, dissemination, modify, display and in order to operate, the promotion and implementation) improvement of services.
License to other users
User acknowledges also to any other user services worldwide, and free of charge for the use of its license niewyłączną content as part of the services (including at its reproduction, dissemination, modify, display and exercise) only to the extent permitted under the services.
Duration of
Granted licences will remain in force until in the manner described below. remove the content
After their removal licences, except for the situations in which expire action services requires the use of content, which was granted before, or where legislation provides otherwise.
Removing content, for example, by the user does not require a youtube (a) withdrawal used by other users within a limited content functions offline available in service or watching (b) disposal which reasonably are kept copies for regulatory purposes.
The right to make
User grants rights to make belonging to him on youtube content in service (making may include advertising with or in the content or downloading display from users access charges).
This agreement shall not entitle the user to receive any payment.
From 1 june 2021
Any payment by the user will be entitled to receive from youtube on the basis of any other contract between the holder and youtube (for example, under the partnership youtube, support will be treated as channel or superczatu) royalties.
If required by law, google to charge taxes on those payments.
Removing content user
User may at any time to remove the content from services.
The user can also create a copy of its content prior to disposal.
User has to remove the content, if required under these conditions. lost right
Removing content by youtube user
Reasonably if we consider that any content (1) breach of the provisions of this agreement the user (2) or may cause harm youtube, our third person or users, then we reserve the right to remove some or all such content.
User shall be informed of the reasons for our action, unless reasonably we consider that: (a) to break the law or guidelines body or otherwise enforcing law or our entities associated on youtube put yourself liability risks legal; (b) check the risks or integrity or action threaten process services; or (c) would cause injury any user, to a third party, or to the entity stowarzyszonemu youtube youtube.
More information on the reporting problems and enforcement of rules can be found in the centre of the aid.
Warnings violation of guidelines for community
In youtube system operates content that violate guidelines for warnings on community youtube.
Each warning is associated with various restrictions and may lead to the permanent removal of channel user from youtube.
A detailed description of how warnings affect the user, is available on the channel basic information on the warnings of infringement of guidelines for the community.
If user finds that warning was granted as a result of mistakes, may refer here.
If functionality channel user has been reduced in result, it can not benefit from other warnings channel to circumvent these restrictions.
Non-respect that prohibition is an important this agreement and in violation of the reserves the right to google that to close your account google or limit its access to the user part or all of services.
Copyright protection
Udostępniamy information to facilitate copyright owners in managing their intellectual property online in our centre copyright youtube.
If you think your copyright have been violated in our service, you can tell us.
On notifications of suspected copyright infringements in accordance with the procedure described in our centre responding copyright youtube, where information on user will also be on how to solve the problem warning case of copyright infringements.
Youtube provides for the possibility in the rules where appropriate account closure belonging to the user who regularly violate the principle using the service.
Suspension and closure of accounts
The closure of the accounts by the
User at any time may cease using the service.
May at any time remove himself with services, which will result in the closure of the google in and deletion of data after their youtube possible earlier skopiowaniu.
Closure and accounts by youtube with good reason, suspension
Youtube reserves the right to suspension or closure of the accounts of the holder or suspension or foreclosure user to the whole or part of the services if (a) the user or materially breaches of this agreement on several occasions, (b) it is required to comply with the provisions of law or the court order, or (c) we have good reason to believe that there has been a behaviour, which creates obligations or injury to any user, a third party, youtube or our associates.
Notification of termination or suspension accounts
Youtube informs the user about the closure or suspension, unless we have account reasonable grounds to believe that: (a) breaches the legislation or guidance enforcing authority; (b) threaten process right; (c) check the risks, action or security services; will threaten the integrity or (d) would cause injury to a third party or any user, our to youtube stowarzyszonemu.
The suspension or closure of the accounts
If account will be closed, or access to google user services will be limited, you can continue to benefit from certain aspects of the services (such as browsing), and this agreement without account will continue to exist in relation to such application.
If you think the closure or suspension has been made in patient mistakenly may refer through this form.
Software for
Software downloads
When service includes software to download or it requires (e.g.
Application youtube studio)-as far as this software is not subject to additional conditions to phrase-provides a personal worldwide, licence youtube, free licence to use of software and an inalienable niewyłączną delivered by youtube in the service.
License aims to only to allow the use of service provided by youtube user in a permitted that agreement.
User can't copy, modify, spread, sell or any part of the software, he mustn't dzierżawić also analyse or try to its source code retroactively segregation, unless the law forbids the use of this type of restriction or user has the written consent of youtube.
Software of open source
Some programs used in our service may be offered under the open source.
License open source may contain provisions that clearly replace some of these conditions.
If this happens, we can unlock this licence software user of open source.
Other legal conditions
Youtube responsibility for the conformity of benefits agreement
For consumers, from the european economic area (eea), who have accepted our conditions the use of services, the provisions of consumer protection laws in force in the eea responsibility as the benefits shall ensure youtube agreement as regards their made available by the us content or digital services.
Under this obligation we are responsible for any lack of conformity detected: within two years from a single supply content or digital services (such as the purchase of the film), at any time during the " continuous " content delivery or digital services (such as paid subscription).
National law may provide more long responsibility.
User rights resulting from these legal guarantees are not restricted by no other commercial guarantees that we provide.
To submit a claim, it should be with us to guarantee [].
Disclaimer
Lawfully legislation that consumers have referred to can not be excluded or changed under the agreement.
None of the provisions of the agreement does not affect the user rights arising from the status of the consumer.
Youtube makes no specific commitments related to the service beyond those which are clearly mentioned in the agreement or are required by law (see
Youtube responsibility for compliance with the benefits).
For example, not we additional promises on: provided under the special features of services; the content of the services or its accuracy, reliability, availability or capacity to meet the needs of the user; or guarantee that any content sent by the user will be available or stored in the service.
The limitation of liability
All users: none of the provisions of the agreement does not intend to exclude or limit the liability of any of the parties for the death of or personal injury; swindling; misrepresentation; or fraudulent any liability, which can not be excluded or limited legally.
On permitted by the law applicable to youtube and entities associated are not responsible for: losses, which are not due to their infringements of youtube and this agreement; any entities associated loss or damage resulting from breach by youtube and entities associated which we can not have been foreseen in the contract conclusion of the contract; or content sent by any user or for zniesławiające, or unlawful conduct offensive either of the users.
Users business: if you use a service to to trade, business, craft or profession (" user "), to the extent allowed by the business legislation, the following restrictions will apply: youtube or responsibility also entities are not responsible for the lost profits associated, revenues or data loss of business opportunities or projected savings, indirect losses or secondary or for compensation (in all cases, regardless of the punitive whether these losses could have been predicted or not); and the strict liability of youtube and associates for any claims stemming from the services or associated with it is limited to the higher of the following: (a) the revenue that youtube user in connection with the use of services has paid in the 12 months prior to the infringement or (b) eur 500.
Links to other external
Service may contain links to other and internet services, which are not owned or controlled by youtube youtube.
Youtube has no control over such parties and services online and does not take for them any liability.
User should be aware of this when leaving the service.
Recommend user consultation with the rules and personal privacy each site and visited belonging to a third party service website.
Information on the
Amendments to the agreement
Can amend in the agreement (1) in order to take account of changes in our service or the pursuit of the business (for example, when we add new services or functions, or the old); (2) with we phase out the legal reasons related to the regulations and safety; or (3) in order to prevent abuse or damage.
Substantially change the agreement if we decided, in advance of this report and provide the opportunity to review user of those changes.
This does not concern (1) introduce new services or functions or (2) sudden, e.g.
Prevention ongoing misuse or replying to legal requirements.
Niewyrażenia consent in the case of new conditions on the user should remove all content and cease using the service sent.
The continuation of the agreement
If the use of a service the following conditions apply this agreement: " other, " " information on the legal conditions " and licences granted by the user will apply in limited cases, as set out in section " duration of the licence. '
Clause salwatoryjna
If that condition can not be enforced, this will not have any impact on other conditions.
Assignment
Youtube may transfer all or part of this agreement on the associate or, in case sales youtube, to a third party.
Failure to comply with conditions
If the user will not comply with the provisions of this agreement, and we will not be taking appropriate action immediately that does not mean that we waive any our own rights (for example, the right to take action in the future.
Applicable law
If resident user is located within the european economic area or switzerland, this agreement and the relationship with under this agreement, subject to the provisions of law youtube's country of residence of the user.
User may institute court proceedings in the courts of local.
Instructions on withdrawal in european economic area
Consumers of the european economic area since 28 may 2022.
Under of consumer protection laws in force in the eea, have the right to withdraw from this agreement, as described in the following formulae instructions on withdrawal in the european union.
The right to withdraw from the contract
User has the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
A withdrawal expire after 14 days from the date of conclusion.
To exercise the right to withdraw from the contract, the operator must inform us of its decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by ordinary or electronic).
To contact with us, you can send an e-mail to address @, call number account-withdrawal google.com + 35 (less than we national telephone numbers) 31800832663 or send a letter to the address: google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
Can benefit from the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not mandatory.
The user can also fill in form and send withdraw from the contract or any other unequivocal statement by electronic means on our website (g.co /). Eeawithdrawalform
If user decides to use that possibility, we send him immediately an acknowledgement of receipt of information on withdrawal on a durable medium (for example, e-mail).
To meet the deadline of withdrawal, enough before that date sent information about wanting to exercise the right of withdrawal.
Effects of withdrawal
For withdraw from this agreement we all user, including received by payment cost of supply (with the exception of additional costs resulting from the selected by the user way to provide other than the cheapest standard delivery offered by us), way without undue delay and in any case not later than 14 days from the date on which we have been informed of the decision the user to go to a right to withdraw from this agreement.
Reimbursement payments we using the same means of payment, which have been used by the user in initial transaction, unless explicitly agreed to user an alternative.
Whenever user shall not be charged with any charges in connection with the reimbursement of the measures.
Model withdrawal form
(Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
- Addressee: google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin, ireland, [4]: _ account-withdrawal @ google.com
- I hereby about my withdraw from the contract for the provision of the following services: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Date: _ _ _ _ _ contract _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
-Name consumer: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Address consumer: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Signature of consumer (only if the form is notified on paper version): _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Date: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Contact google to deviate from these conditions
The telephone
Austria 0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria 0800-14-744
Czech republic 800-720-070
Cyprus 800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Denmark 80-400-111
Estonia 800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Germany 0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Iceland 800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italy 800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein 800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxembourg 800-40005
Malta 800-62-257
The netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 0800-410-575
Portugal 808-203-430
Romania 0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia 080-688-882
Spain 0900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
Apply as from 5 january 2022 (see the previous version)
