Staff
The date of entry into force: 7 october 2020
Last modification: 7 october 2020
Important: in case of players from the united states and canada disputes between players and must be resolved individually by ZYNGĄ binding arbitration, unless applies the exception.
More information in article 15 (contract for arbitration and right to participate in surrender suing). collective
Mission Zyngi is to combine the world through a game.
We amusement and play, outgoing people throughout the world.
Read the rules of procedure and personal privacy prior to the use of service zynga.
This regulation lays down the conditions and rules user benefiting from our service (described below).
Using service, do you agree comply with these conditions and rules.
If you don't agree with these conditions and rules, you can't use the service.
Our privacy policy describes the way in which we, we, we store and and to process in other ways we disclose your personal details in the course of our services, and the rights and options for the management of your data.
Using service, you accept our privacy policy.
If you don't agree to zynga, used or made your przechowywała collected data in described in our privacy policy, you can not use the service.
" Zynga, " " we, " " our, " " we, " " us " in these rules determine zynga inc.
And the group zynga.
Zynga inc.
Is based at 699 8th street, san francisco, california 94103.
In all cases, ", " " we, " " zynga our, " " we, " " us " includes agents, consultants, workers and managers.
1.
Definitions
" Account " shall mean an account when you get you access to service
" Rules for members of the community " means available governing your interaction with a and preserve tutajzasady other players.
" Staff ' means all other functions rules relating to the specific platforms and, such as the platform and api, api applications for mobile devices, forums, competitions, or customer loyalty programmes, which we can publish subscriptions, which will relate to the use of these specific services and are part of this regulation.
" Offers " means schemes, including the offer, and special tour, in the version of digital or operational gifts special, which may offer an accomplished players. some periodically zynga
" Service ' means our game, products, services, content, and / or other domains or site Zynga.com operowane by zynga.
" Rules of procedure of the use of services " or " staff ' means this terms and conditions.
" User ' means all data that content, you write down, you create or generujesz zamieszczasz via the service.
Include content, such as your profile picture, the game, video or to chat rooms, artistic work in the game or other content of your project or by.
" Virtual ' means (a) currency objects, including, inter alia, virtual virtual money or points tokens coins, used in the context and all service (b) virtual objects in the game.
" Group ' means companies dependent, Zyngi zynga parent companies, joint venture and other corporate entities common ownership and their agents, consultants, employees and management.
" Zynga partners ' means a group and external creators content, distributors, zynga licensees or licencjodawców.
2.
Changes of this regulation
Zastrzegamy reserve the right, according to our recognition and at any time, to changes, addition or removal of regulation, fragments modifykacji rules for members of the community, of functions, linking new version of the staff, the rules for members of the community or of the functions on our website or as part of the service (e.g.
By news in the game).
So we reserve the right to provide additional relevant information for e.g.
E-mail news service or inside of significant changes.
Unless we otherwise, changes since they appear. have
New versions of the rules of procedure, rules for members of the community, of the rules of function and any other rules and regulations will be available on or in the service. www.zynga.com
If you have a service after issue, do you agree on compliance with these changes changes during the continued use of service.
You can't change the rules of procedure, rules for members of the community or of the rules of functions, unless both parties, you and zynga, written amendment. are you gonna sign
For claims against will be valid edition, rules for Zyngi members of the community and of functions, when zynga in force has been notified of claims.
If rules or in our privacy policy are records or information divergent with the other principles, these rules of procedure and privacy policy have Zyngi of paramount importance.
3.
Account information and security
In order to allow you to harness our service, we can ask you to assume account and select slogans and giving some personal data, including for example
Your name, date of birth, email address and, in some cases, information about the payments.
This information will be retained and used in accordance with personal privacy Zyngi.
Talk agreed to accurate, complete and updated to oral zynga information, in particular its email address.
Were responsible for the safety of its accounts.
Do not make available data your account or don't let others to access or use from his account.
Treat all the activities carried out through your account as carried out by you.
You run, therefore, responsibility for all operations carried out through your account, regardless of whether they were because of you, including purchases in favour of using any authorised tools of payment (e.g.
Credit card or) and you understand that you can stay paypal called to account for losses incurred by us or by any other user, caused by a third party to your account.
If get information about any actual or alleged loss, theft, deceit or using your account password to accounts or nieautoryzowanym, please us informed accordingly forthwith.
4.
Use of our service
Who can benefit from our service: we are pleased that you want to play in our game.
But remember, that there are certain restrictions on who can take advantage of our service.
Is prohibited the use of our service, if:
Conclude can't binding agreement with Zyngą.
If you have less than 13 years (or less than 16, if you're from the european economic area (" eea ")) you can't account, use the service or administered to wear any personal data as part of the service, or company (e.g. zynga
Your name and the name, address, telephone number or e-mail address).
Ban does not apply only and only in cases where service has website with age, user control zynga collecting the data of an age before allows further activities and user to control site users who identify age permitted as younger than 13 years (or than 16 in the eea) for the use of service (
In line with our policy of privacy in these cases, offer version of the service, which does not compile the, and shall not divulge personal data shall not be used, except in cases in which the processing, and his degree, is allowed by the applicable law on the protection of personal data, including, inter alia, by the law on the protection of privacy children on the internet, or for obtaining final authorisation parents.)
You can't receive products, including services or software, from the united states, if you're from the country in which the united states embargo imposed or if on the list of Specially designated the us department of nationals figurujesz treasure.
You convicted of sexual crimes.
Prohibition game in any of the games has come to you before or use of any services company zynga zynga, unless this ban, following their own assessment zynga has repealed.
If you have less than 18 years of age or according to the law of the country of residence your kid, you're a person you confirm that your guardian has agreed to the terms of this regulation.
Additional relevant terms and conditions:
When using our service, you must abide by the rules for members of the community and all other applicable regulations functions. zynga
Those additional conditions and rules are rules of procedure and are important. outside
Please be aware of them.
If you get access to our service through one of social media, such as facebook or service from different platforms, such as you do, you must also observe the rules, apple google the use of services of the entity and to external).
Access to our service:
To gain access to our games or put on our account, you might need accounts on profile portal social networks like facebook, and when using our mobile services, account holder in supplier applications such as
Account apple's itunes.
To use the service and games, may be necessary update software external zynga.
We game and other services.
User itself provides equipment (computer, telephone, tablet, etc.)
And pays for the connection to the internet and with shops and for the transmission of data, or the use of app store telephone to be taken and of use.
Changes and restrictions on:
Our service is developing and we can accept update service as well as the rules of procedure, require rules for members of the community, of the rules of functions and privacy policy zynga.
We sometimes need to be modified games or software to enable you continue to use our service.
Can do, including software updating remotely on your computer or mobile device installed zynga, without notifying you of this.
Zynga reserves the right to stop offering or support service or particular games or part of the service, at any time, temporarily or permanently.
Then your right to use the service, or any part thereof automatically expire or are suspended.
In such a case, as far as applicable law provides otherwise, shall not be obliged to reimburse the fees, zynga benefits or other compensation in respect of stopping elements maintenance or objects or acquired before. virtual zarobionymi
Zynga may, at their discretion, reduce, suspend, modify or delete close account or access to the service, or any part thereof; prohibit access to our games and websites and their contents, services and tools; delay or remove, while there is no given the content of any obligation to compensate for any zynga incurred in connection with the losses.
This does not apply to users of the eea.
When using our services within the eea, we will seek to inform you of any material changes to the coming into force of a minimum of 1 month in advance.
If you don't agree with these changes, you can decide to cancel their services covered by this regulation.
Remove user accounts:
You can no longer of use at any time and demand the deletion at any time, acting for us accounts according to the instructions contained in our privacy policy.
Unless applicable law provides otherwise, we are not obliged to reimburse the fees, benefits or other compensation, if zażądasz. remove the account
5.
Property; limited licence
Games and a service:
Service consists of work, which are owned or have a licence and are protected by copyright, zynga trademark, model payload, and other intellectual property rights, patent throughout the world and other applicable laws, rules or regulations.
All of these rights reserved.
This regulation does not grant you, or to any other person any law, title or participate in service or its content.
Warned if you of this regulation and any other rules, including rules for members of the community and of functions, you can use the service subject to this regulation for its own purposes non-commercial and entertainment.
Zobowiązujesz to not use website for any other purpose and accept that zynga does not bear any liable for any damage or loss resulting from its misuse.
Failure to observe staff or other rules on you taking action against you, threatens to including the eradication to your account.
Outside that, infringement may occur, for instance through
Of intellectual property rights zynga.
Any attempt to disruption or interference in a service, including, inter alia, obstruction or manipulation of normal operation of any game means breaking the rules and can mean ZYNGI ZYNGI criminal or civil or fracture infringement.
User account and virtual objects:
Notwithstanding any record in this regulation, rules for members of the community or rules on function, which you can use, you don't own accounts, which in the service, with games including wear and account is not your property.
Thus you don't own items purchased under service, even if the virtual they were " " or ". " gained purchased
Your account and related virtual objects are owned by Zyngi.
Zynga gives you the right and the limited use of licence and related items accounts, and all we offer is services. service virtual
Unnecessary housed in order not to data or to improve the operation of service, we can remove or close accounts (e.g. inactive
These to which it does not) for 180 days. LOGOWANO
Prohibited of objects outside a virtual (e.g.
In " the real world "), e.g.
Their selling, transmitted as a gift or trade.
We do not recognise this type of transfer for legal.
Prohibited is to grant further licence, swapping, sale or attempt to sell objects for " real " virtual money or exchange objects to any other objects securities outside the game virtual.
Any such transfer is prohibited and no good, we can close your account because of that.
The content of the user:
If udostępniasz, you post, or the content of the user as part of the service you zamieszczasz, that will be: zobowiązujesz
Correct;
Public;
Does not invalidate the law;
Restrictions contract or do not infringe the rights of persons and that you have permission to use the contents of the third user to another party, whose personal data or other information and intellectual property is included in the content of the user;
Free viruses, spyware and adware off,, worms any other malicious code;
In line with our principles for members of the community.
Your content will be processed by in accordance with our policy of privacy. Zyngę
Ponosisz overall responsibility for the security and the creation of a backup of their content.
Any content that, or will be considered as you assign you post udostępniasz and visible, niemajątkowe
You all property rights to the content of the user, but you to everlasting and unconditionally (other than zynga listed below or contained in our privacy policy) worldwide, free of charge, to use, reproduction, dissemination of licence niewyłączną, preparation work and display your derivatives, presentation and content and from any user changed you work related to maintenance, including for the purpose of marketing and promotion.
Proposing that insofar as permitted by the law, is moral rights to any content zrzekasz user (such as the right to be designated as the author of the content and the right to object to the use of the user of the content of the user).
We have the right to the removal of the content, in our view, is not if the user in accordance with this regulation, our principles for members of the community and other rules functions.
We have the right to reveal your identity to a third party, which argues that your content of their intellectual property rights or user affect their right to privacy.
If we are to do this legally obliged, published by you content will also be disclosed and public authorities the outsourced.
License Zyngi to your content expires with required by you remove the account by filing in our portal by notification for
Personal data as described in the privacy with the following exceptions: naszejpolityce
Content user sent in response to the company, which will be subject to the rules of procedure promotions zynga functions or other conditions promotion;
Available content user, which are not removed or not used to the public, according to this regulation; and
Content user companies that subject to a separate licence shall be subject to the conditions of such a licence zynga.
If zażądasz we take the appropriate steps to remove the content of the user to remove your content of use, which may be active user removing your content of our systems user.
However content of user can be retained in our systems, including copies of reserve.
We can also keep a copy of the user, if we consider that reasonably content that may be required by the regulation.
When zamieszczasz, you post or observations and comments in relation to the service you, e.g.
Forums blog, and we can not guarantee that chat rooms, other players don't they use of ideas and information, which udostępniasz.
Whatever idea you have, or information which you want to keep as confidential and / or you don't want others to be used, not her. zamieszczaj
Zynga is not responsible for any other ZAWŁASZCZENIE by a third party which or the use of information, or to forums, you write down ZAMIESZCZASZ you post blogs or to chat rooms.
6.
Control over the use of service and the content of the users to appear
We are not obliged to monitor service in terms of inappropriate and illegal content and does not have a responsibility for these things.
Not we are also responsible for the information materials, products or services provided by the other players (e.g.
On their profiles) and are not acceptable for us the content of the users.
Realize when using the service you'll find behaviour, which you want, or otherwise of offensive opposition.
Not are responsible for the content of any published in a user, as well as we do not allow service, with the truth or accurate.
However, if someone makes use of the service or affect rules of inappropriately, we must be informed of this by link " report ' on violation of the given or by contacting our chapter customer service. (
Break information on rules for & puzzles, please contact us empires by https: / / support.smallgiantgames.com /).
Query / proposals for combat, please contact us by puzzle https: / / / / /). a smallgiantgames.helpshift.com puzzle-combat
We are not obliged to monitor the service, but we have the right, as we please, monitor, record, store data on your interaction with a communication with or other players at the time of the use of Zyngą service (including, inter alia, through the messages in the game or video-czatu correspondence).
More information on this subject, see the privacy policy.
We at their own discretion, edit or remove any content of user or any other material or refuse their publication, if we consider that raises our reservations.
If we get to the conclusion that your messages or content of user this regulation rules of functions or rules affect for members of the community, we have the right, as we please, and without prior warning, prevent you to reproduce the wording or to communicate with other players or completely close your access to the service.
7.
Your relationship with other players
You are responsible for your interaction with other players.
If you have a problem with another player, we are not obliged to react, but we could if we will.
If rozpoczynasz dispute with another player, a company, group and partners are you slowing down zynga companies with responsibility for zynga zynga complaints and claims and injury (actual, and the resulting as a consequence, dispute) of every kind, known or unknown, under or in connection with a dispute.
These covers damage associated with loss of profit, goodwill in use or data.
This does not apply to users of the eea.
If you are in the eea, your responsibility towards is determined by the law in force in the country Zyngi your place of residence.
Under service, we can offer an opportunity to play with my friends and other opponents in the network.
In order to ensure the continued availability of opponents at the appropriate level, some of those opponents may be automatically generated players who look and play like real people.
If are in california, from the application of sections of the civil code california 1542 you're renouncing, which says: " general waiver of claims does not cover cases where the creditor does not know about the claims, or not suspected that there are any, at the time of signing the waiver of claims, and knowledge of these claims, significantly would conditions of the contract concluded with indebted.
Allow use of the service to send text messages sms or mms to friends, family and other contacts.
You don't have such messages and for sending the obligation to you run and understand that overall responsibility may be counting the standard tariffs for text messages and data transmission, relating to the services provided by mobile network operator.
Understand also that zynga had no control over, or sometimes sending and reception of the recipients of the message.
If decide to send messages via the service, us, therefore, that the recipients zapewniasz respectively agreed to receive messages.
8.
Conditions for the payment
We services in the form of access to game, virtual and other objects service.
On, we can use " real money ', in order to obtain a limited licence and the right to use virtual objects or other goods or services.
How it works:
Receivest limited licence and the right to use objects by visiting one of our purchases in the games or from the european economic and consent to collect the fees via the platform, which you use to play (e.g.
Facebook apple, google).
If dokonujesz purchase on,, or any other Zyngagames.com zyngapoker.com gotslotscasino.znyga.com belonging to the side, the party will inform you of zynga payment methods available through which you can make the payments for the purchase.
Price product shown on the contract price will during its application.
After purchase can be sent evidence indicating that ordered position. e-mail
Please check as soon as possible all data in confirmation is in order and to keep for itself a copy.
To respond to any future questions associated with the transaction, the company keeps records of the transactions carried out on zynga Zyngagames.com.
Zynga is not party to the transaction when you buy in our games on other platforms virtual objects, such as facebook, apple or google.
Thus your purchase comes under conditions of payment external platform.
For further information please refer to the platform.
On matters relating to reimbursement for purchases made via facebook and google, you can also contact with our chapter accounts, described below.
Objects virtual that you order for us to submit a bid, means, to obtain a limited licence and the right to benefit from the relevant service (service) or an object (s) virtual, which will be for us when we accepted payment.
Validity of the licence shall begin at the time described above.
Order limited to licence and the right to use virtual objects, click on the purchase contract purchase / and thus:
Accept the fact that you at a time in which we virtual objects contract; and
If you live in the european union (" eu '), you accept the fact that you won't be therefore have the right to withdraw from the purchase by the directive on consumer rights (and introduced by legislation of the country where you live) at the time when you get virtual objects.
Understand that you can get ", " " buy " or " buy " items as part of our virtual, but not you become legally the owner of the service, and the value of any article virtual objects virtual does not refer to any real currency or its equivalent credit balances.
Any balance " virtual " currency appearing in your account does not mean actual balances or any value, is only a measure of the scope of your akumulowanej limited licence.
All sales is final: note that you accept is not obliged to reimburse the cost of zynga any reason that you can't get money, or any other compensation for unused account will be closed, if virtual objects irrespective of whether the plan was closed or not, or is made charge by ZYNGAGAMES.
Com or another platform such as apple, google, facebook, or other parties, or a platform where we offer our services.
Purchase limited licence and the right to use virtual objects shall not be as far as possible permitted by law. ZWROTOM
Additional conditions for payment:
Using account to pay its debts with any zobowiązujesz accrued taxes.
Zynga may at any time to update the products and services, which gives the tariffs your licence via the service.
Subscriptions are subject to supplementary rules subscription.
Clearing unit:
To contact the clearing, please contact the service client or call our division of the batch (north america) or prefix 1-800-762-2530 your country + all other countries). (80011551398
Note: customer in matters relating to the clearance is available only in english.
Given calls only serve to the issues around invoices.
Person receives a call in clearance, will not be able to help you on technical matters linked to the process or other matters purchase game. game
Matters unrelated to invoices please contact the chapter customer service.
9.
Promotions and offers
Time-limited promotions we can offer at any time.
Please refer to official rules on promotion down in the staff functions (if any).
They are in addition to this regulation.
Besides, at any time, we can publish offers.
We are not obliged to tender, and you are not obliged to accept them.
Tenders shall not be transferable, are not or exchange on other facilities, i think repurchase made otherwise.
If you offer, we can demand sign the declaration of meeting the criteria and exemptions from the responsibility.
Some offers will involve taxes or additional charges, travel or class, all out of the world will be presented before a virtual you accept the offer.
If you offer on its commitments and liability related to accepting offers.
10.
Advertising external
Our service may advertise our and other companies advertising.
Our privacy policy explains what information we are giving reklamodawcom.
I see it.
Sometimes we have to provide at the game or service links to internet sites of other companies that want to invite you to take part in the tender promotion and in exchange for participation offer some function or improving it on the site (such as
Currency game).
Any commitments or liabilities in relation to these companies to own responsibility you accept.
We are not responsible for any party to which we on external links.
Links does not mean with support and this way or information that we accept are in it.
We are not liable for any claims relating to the content, goods or services of any third party.
Remember with, we have no control over the related parties, and may be used to collect data and / or external demand of administration of personal data or automatically collected your data.
If you are using a,
External parties and services company on external (but not must) may ask your permission to access to your data and content.
Not bear responsibility for the content, business practices or privacy policy of outsiders, nor for the way in which collect, use or make available information that than you are.
11.
Information about copyright / complaints
Respect intellectual property rights other and we ask that the player also respect them.
We respond to information about the alleged infringement of copyright under the digital millennium copyright act (" american "), the european directive on the trading of the dmca websites and related eu legislation and similar rights in force or their local counterparts.
More information can be found on the rights, please refer to our autorskichzyngi suggestions for applications.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to ending the service, in which we find player " repeated violations of. "
We are not obliged to prior notification to the player.
12.
Opinions and ideas
, We could ask your opinion on some of the functions in the promotion or testing programmes behaviour of the customer.
You're not obliged to answer our questions.
Each opinion that in the promotion programme is subject to or wyrazisz rules applicable to promotion or programme.
Any ideas, information or opinions, with which to us vomit, are subject to policy ideas. taking
13.
The availability of service, disclaimer
Zynga zynga, group and partners do not nor give guarantees for promising Zyngi that a service or its contents will be always available, the smooth or free from error.
, We can suspend, withdraw or reduce the availability of all or part of service for commercial or operational.
Using service only on its own responsibility.
The service is " like it is. " ŚWIADCZONY
As allowed by the applicable law,, group and partners company zynga zynga zynga do not commit to behaviour any rights from, or any other provisions, the warranty conditions expressed or alleged on matters relating to maintenance.
Zynga zynga, group and partners shall not grant any guarantee title or alleged ZYNGI guarantee conditions or other provisions on compliance with the law, the commercial value, undistorted entertainment or for a specific purpose airworthiness.
These renunciation rights do not apply to you, if not allowed their condition or your country of residence.
If your member state requires period guarantees which it will be a shorter period of 30 days from the first to benefit from the service or short period of time required by law.
14.
Restrictions; and exemption from liability
You accept the fact that, the group and partners ZYNGI zynga zynga shall not be liable
(1) for any indirect incidental, special secondary or by-products, including loss of profit, the value of the injury or data or any other damage arising from the use or the possibility to benefit from service; or
(2) for the behaviour of third parties, including other users of the service and operators external parties.
Itself PONOSISZ risk related to use of maintenance and external parties, also risk injury from the service and external parties.
In far authorised by any law, the exemption from liability is applicable to any damage caused by a service or associated with the use or impossible to take advantage of the service, can not give rise to any action jurisdiction, including, inter alia, claims due to the default guarantee default agreement (including) negligence or of any act prohibited.
In far authorised by any law overall responsibility, group and partners company zynga zynga zynga is limited to the total amount of payments made to a company, a group of, and / or zynga zynga partners companies during the period (180) zynga one hundred eighty days immediately preceding the first finding of claims.
Unless any payment on account, group made ZYNGI or any of the partners within zynga ZYNGI (180) one hundred eighty days immediately preceding the date of the claim, the sole and exclusive way to settle the dispute with, and / or with group ZYNGĄ zynga partner is ending the use of service and closure of ZYNGI your account.
Some countries do not allow the exclusion of certain guarantees or limitation / for cited
Responsibility indicating that these restrictions / exemption may not relate to you if you're living in one of the
Countries.
This restrictions / exemptions are completely inhabitants new jersey.
This restrictions / exemption does not relate to users in the eea.
For these users, if not to the provisions of this regulation zynga, is responsible for the loss or damage which zynga you run due to foreseeable consequences of breach by the provisions of this regulation or negligently Zyngę from Zyngi, but is not liable for any loss or zynga injury, which could not be foreseen.
Loss and damage is predictable if a clear consistency on our part has been taken into or infringements account by you and at the time of adoption of the rules. Zyngę
15.
Contract arbitration and surrender the right to participate in the application form
This article applies only to our players from the united states and canada.
If you have a problem with a, many of the issues can be resolved on one of our forums for players.
Before official application should first contact the offering a customer service https: / / www.zynga.com / support.
If prevented from settlement of the dispute between you and Zyngą via customer service, both parties agree to arbitration procedure on the following principles.
Both parties agree to arbitration, you and zynga
Accepting this regulation (in many places service by voluntary or pressing a button in the game, to click agree to the terms of this regulation), you, and each member of the group you agree, zynga as far as possible, to resolve any permitted by law claims arising out of, in respect of or in connection with this regulation, the functions, rules for members of the community, your relations with our company or with the services provided by the company, including the use of the service zynga and data which we through by the final service you write down and binding arbitration.
This applies to all claims and regulations, unless the complaint was included in the exceptions from the arbitration agreement listed below.
This agreement for arbitration is binding even after the use of which (or its accounts Zyngi
In article 15 and article 17, you, and each member of the group may be zynga zynga so-called individually " party " or " the parties "). together
Arbitration takes place before an independent, not to arbitrem judge and jury.
Voluntarily adopting these rules, you, and each member of the zynga be zynga right to court and zrzekacie jury przysięgłą.
Arbitration subject to other rules than judicial proceedings.
Arbitrage is less formal than the court case and creates limited opportunities requirement on the other side the disclosure of information relevant to the decision-this procedure is the name of disclosure.
Arbitrator may be granted the same damages and compensation to individual may grant person, except the limited these provisions.
However if any party disagrees with the decision of the arbitrator, the courts have limited potential to change or influence the amendment to the decision by the outcome of the referral of the arbitrator.
If any of the parties has doubts as to whether article 15 (or any piece of that article 15, including records on arbitration, almost share withdrawal or abandonment of the agreement from the arbitration suing collective) is or may be applied in the present case, the parties agree that the right to decide on this issue has only the.
If the court decides that any provision in articles " waive its right participate omnibus ' is invalid or, in this case, all is cancelled nieegzekwowalne article 15 (agreement on arbitration and surrender right to participate in respect of collective), i.e.
Will be declared invalid.
While others regulation, functions and rules for records of the rules of members of the community will continue to apply.
Also if you, or member of the group report to zynga zynga on an issue that should be subject to a court or arbitration either party refuses on claims to be subject to arbitration, the other party may apply to arbitrage court about making parties to resolve claims on arbitration (that is, an order for arbitration).
You zynga, or member of the group may also occur zynga the court for a judicial procedure (i.e. suspended) when proceedings arbitration judicial proceedings.
Arbitration
Arbitration american society (" aaa ") oversees the any arbitrage between you and the company or member of the group and will be followed zynga in force at the time, zynga rules and procedures for aaa, including rules on consumer. arbitration
You can read the rules and procedures aaa on his website at www.adr.org.
If discrepancy between this regulation and the rules and procedures aaa, the parties agree to respect the rules.
Process arbitration panel should be used to justify the form contained on the aaa). (www.adr.org
If you're living outside the united states can take place in the district, in the arbitration live at the time of the application.
If you live in the united states, arbitration should be initiated in california, in the united states of america.
Zynga wyrażacie you and to be subject to personal jurisdiction of any of the courts or state of federal san francisco county, california on the arbitration proceedings pending the arbitration, the suspension of the maintenance, variation, repeal or execution of the sentence pursuant to a decision of the arbitrator.
Zynga agrees that to start the arbitration procedure against you in the aaa must accompanied by the following information in addition to those required by the aaa: (1) identifying information related to all the accounts, which can identify (previous or zynga actors), including identifiers, facebook page and e-mail addresses of zynga identifiers, and (2) detailed explanation of how the zynga considers that your conduct in relation to the companies, and the facts supporting the injury resulted a claim for compensation payments.
You agree that the procedure against the company under the aaa you must arbitration zynga accompanied by the following information in addition to those required by the aaa: (1) identifying information related to all the accounts, which you can identify (previous or zynga actors), including identifiers, facebook page and e-mail addresses of zynga identifiers, and (2) detailed explanation of how do you think that a firm's behaviour to your people and the injury resulted zynga facts which confirmed a claim for compensation payments.
Unless otherwise agreed in a later date, you and agreed to present himself (personally zynga wyrażacie or remotely by phone or other means of electronic communication on videoconferencing live) in for questioning. transmitowanej
Cover all the costs and expenses relating to the fulfilment of forms, administration and arbitration will be governed by the rules of arbitration aaa, unless that consumer wykażesz costs trial; costs significantly arbitration przewyższałyby in that case, will all costs that an arbitrator zynga deems it necessary, to not arbitration proved to be significantly more expensive than the procedure to the courts (reimbursable as set out below).
Where arbitrator considers actions brought before the arbitration would not be justified, in accordance with article 11 federal rules the proceedings, is to be reimbursed to Zyngi zobowiązujesz incurred by costs and expenses, which you have to incur Zyngę in accordance with the principles aaa.
Where aaa is not able to set for any claims brought by you or arbitrator company, either party may request the zynga court for the county or in san francisco, california federal to appoint an arbitrator.
Each arbitrator appointed by the court should lead arbitration in accordance with the rules and procedures aaa (including the rules on the costs and expenses), unless these conditions provide otherwise.
Claims related
Parties agree that, in the case of the many claims arising from aaa the same or broadly similar transactions incidents or events (" claims related '), these claims (regardless of whether they were arbitration made against company zynga or against you) will be considered by aaa individually and in order of their submission.
The parties agree that can not accept any claims related to the aaa arbitration or charge any fee for submitting the claim related pending the adoption of arbitration for existing claims related to use them. and a arbitrator
When of several claims related parties agree that they will be examined individually in order established by, and it does not accept any aaa aaa, nor does it take to arbitration claims related charge for the provision of such claims related, before being assigned to consider any claims related recognised as an arbitrator earlier in order.
In order to ensure the impartiality and independence of the arbitrator according to the rules of the parties agree that aaa can not be set up to give a ruling in an arbitrator on claims, if it is already involved in the examination of any claims related.
Exceptions to the arbitration agreement
The parties agree that gets the court to the resolution of disputes
Your Zyngi or member of the group, on intellectual property (e.g. zynga
Marks model commercial domain names, trade secrets, copyright or patent);
For infringement of the rules for members of the community;
Where desired only means is a court order; or
Suitable for small courts civil cases.
The parties agree to not be security claims by order in the arbitration proceedings; instead, committing themselves to assert their in court.
If in the context of the party is trying to secure claims by court order, as well as make use of other forms of redress, undertakes to obtain such an order by judicial means, and other forms of redress-to arbitration.
For more information on courts for such cases will be in article 17 (place settle legal disputes not subject to arbitrage).
Waive the right to participate in respect of collective
Voluntarily adopting this regulation (and in the framework of our service or pushing the button in the game by clicking on a voluntary basis, thus confirming the agreed to the terms of this regulation), you, and you agree to this group zynga zynga that the parties may also apply to each other only on an individual basis. actions
This means that:
Parties undertake that neither you nor zynga, nor any member of the group will not be played in nature as the claimant zynga member of the group in respect collective proceedings block or by the qualified entities suing wytaczanym.
The parties agree to that an arbitrator can not deal with more than one person in the course of actions from one of the case and may not proceed with collective redress, block or by rightholders (unless the parties wytoczonego decides otherwise).
Parties accept the fact that the decision or judgment on an individual concerns only the person arbitrator who, and not any other player filed a lawsuit, and can not be used to Zyngi dispute settlement with other players.
The option to derogate from the arbitration agreement and surrender of the participation in respect of collective
You have the right to withdraw from the contract and not being the arbitration and the associated of surrender right to participate in respect of collective in article 15 by sending a written decision to withdraw from these records for customer service or by ordinary, as noted in the section of the notification.
Notification shall be sent within thirty (30) days from the first to benefit from the service or, depending on the possibility of decisions that date is later; otherwise, the player will be obliged to dispute settlement in arbitration, as set out in article 15.
If give up records of arbitration also will not be required to comply with these zynga.
Changes in article 15 the arbitration agreement and surrender of to participate collective
We inform you of advance, by e-mail or through 60-dniowym service, the change to article 15 of the arbitration agreement and surrender the right to participate in respect of collective.
If section " changes in article 15 of the arbitration agreement and surrender the right to participate in respect of collective " will be considered invalid or if, this item will be separated from the article nieegzekwowany 15, and the court or apply for arbitration agreement and renunciation of the arbitrator right to participate in respect of collective with effect from exercise by you on.
Duration
This article 15 will be in force beyond this period).
16.
Applicable law
If are the united states, the fact that this regulation affects you accept trade and that the federal law on arbitration interstate traffic (including the provisions concerning the procedures) governs the interpretation and enforcement of article 15 (a referral and renunciation of the right to participate in respect of collective).
Besides, these rules of procedure and our relationship is subject to law california, with the exception of the rules applicable conflict-of-law rules.
If you reside in a country other than the united states, these rules of procedure and our relationship is subject to law, with the exception of conflict-of-law rules. rules irish
17.
Place settle legal disputes not arbitrage
If you've been in the united states, judicial proceedings (other than minor civil affairs) excluded from the arbitration agreement in article 15 shall be lodged at the district court or federal in san francisco, california, unless the parties fail to agree on somewhere else.
You zynga, and a group of consent to place and personal zynga wyrażacie jurisdiction in san francisco, california.
If you reside outside the united states, judicial proceedings must be initiated in the courts of competent jurisdiction for the state in which you have permanent residence (" existing '), unless the parties have jurisdiction agree somewhere else.
You zynga, and a group of consent to place and personal jurisdiction zynga wyrażacie current jurisdiction.
18.
Separation conditions
Each paragraph of these rules works alone.
Except described in article 15 in the " surrender the right to participate in respect of collective, " if any part of the regulation, of the rules of functions or rules for members of the community is, the rest of the staff of entries nieegzekwowalna functions and rules for members of the community on applies and is binding and each record will be replaced by another possible close to nieegzekwowalny recording, which has proved abusive or nieegzekwowalny.
19.
Assignment
Cedować can our rights or obligations arising from this regulation, of the rules of our duties or rules for members of the community for the benefit of any person or entity at any time without your consent.
Cedować can't their rights and obligations arising from this regulation, regulation functions or rules for members of the community on anyone without obtaining previously written consent of the company and any attempt to make this type of sale of zynga shall be considered null and void.
20.
The agreement
This regulation and other standards and principles that we refer to these rules of procedure, a whole agreement concluded between you and us in relation to the object of this regulation and replace all the previous agreement between the parties on object of this regulation, irrespective of whether the agreement were concluded by electronic means, complex or written or were adopted by custom, practice strategy or a precedent which overlaps between us and you.
This does not apply to users of the eea.
21.
Language)
Translated versions of the regulation, rules for members of the community, of the rules of the functions of privacy policy or any other terms and conditions shall be given only for information.
In case of discrepancy between version and translated version of english version angielskojęzyczna is of paramount importance.
This does not apply to users of the eea.
22.
Surrender
Unless our rights resulting from this regulation, we enforce rules of functions or rules for members of the community, this does not mean that we abandon the right to enforce them later.
If clearly depart from the general any of this regulation, the rules of procedure functions or record principles for members of the community that does not mean total withdrawal for the future.
If depart from the general plea of negligence or an infringement on your part, we will do that only in writing, and this will not mean automatically that we abandon the right to each subsequent plea of negligence or an infringement of on your part.
23.
Declaration
If we are obliged you about something in accordance with this regulation, the inform functions or rules for members of the community, we can include adequate information on or in the game, in which www.zynga.com zynga, sending email or by any other you play channel of communication on the basis of given by you contact details.
If you have a duty us about something tell pursuant to this regulation, the functions or the rules for members of the community, the information must be sent in writing to the address of zynga inc.,
Attn: legal department, 699 8th street, san francisco, ca 94103 unless concrete we messages information.
24.
Force majeure
Not are liable for any changes or impediment from us, such as independent
Difficulties caused by natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, actions of the authorities of civilian or military, embargo fires, floods, accidents, strikes, or failures network due to a lack of services in the transport sector, fuel, energy, workers infratrukturze or materials.
This provision does not apply to users of relevance.
