Google Terms of Service
Last modified: April 30, 2014 (view archived versions)
Welcome to google
Thank you for using our services and applications ("Services").
The services are provided by Google Inc. ("
Google "), whose registered office is at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
By using the Services, you accept these terms.
Please read them carefully.
The services vary widely, so from time to time additional terms or product requirements (including age restrictions) may apply.
The content of the additional terms is available on the respective Services, and if you use these Services, the additional terms form part of the agreement between you and Google.
Use of the Services
You must abide by any rules set forth in the Services.
The Services may not be used improperly.
For example, you must not obstruct their operation or attempt to access them other than through the interface and instructions provided by Google.
The Services may only be used as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations.
We may suspend or stop providing the Services to you if you fail to comply with our terms or policies, or if we are investigating alleged misconduct.
Your use of the Services does not give you any intellectual property rights to the Services or to the content available.
Materials from the Services may not be used unless permission is granted by the owner or otherwise permitted by law.
These terms do not grant you the right to use any brands and logos used on the Services.
You may not remove, obscure or alter any legal notices displayed on or in connection with the Services.
Certain non-Google content is hosted on the Services.
The entity that made them available is solely responsible for these materials.
We may check the content to determine if it is illegal or violates our policies.
If we find that material violates these policies or applicable law, we may remove it or refuse to display it.
However, this does not mean that we always check the content, so you should not make this assumption.
In connection with your use of the Services, you may receive service announcements, administrative messages and other information from us.
You may opt out of receiving some of these messages.
Some of our Services are available for mobile phones.
Do not use this type of service in a way that makes it difficult or impossible to comply with safety or road traffic regulations.
Your Google Account
You may need a Google account to use some of the Services.
You can create a Google Account yourself or obtain one from an administrator who, for example, acts on behalf of an employer or educational institution.
When using an administrator-assigned Google account, different or additional terms may apply and the administrator may have access to that account and may block it.
To ensure the security of your Google Account, please keep your password confidential.
The owner of the account is always responsible for what happens in or through the Google Account.
Do not use your Google Account password with third-party applications.
If you discover any unauthorized use of your password or account, follow these instructions.
Protection of privacy and copyrights
The Google Privacy Policy explains how to treat your personal data and protect your privacy when using the Services.
By using the Services, you agree that Google may use this data in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
We respond to notifications of alleged copyright infringement and terminate the accounts of repeat infringers in accordance with the procedures set out in the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online.
If you believe that someone has infringed your copyright and would like to notify us, our Help Center will provide information on how to submit notifications as well as Google's policy on responding to such notifications.
User Materials on the Services
Some of the Services allow you to upload, upload, deliver, save, store, send and receive content.
The user retains all intellectual property rights in this content.
In short, the user's property still remains.
By uploading, uploading, delivering, saving, storing, sending or receiving material to or through the Services, you grant Google (and its associates) a worldwide valid license to use, share, store, reproduce, modify, upload, publish, publicly presenting, displaying and disseminating these materials, as well as creating derivative works (derivative works, for example, by performing translation, adaptation or other changes to ensure better operation with the Services) from them.
Under this license, you grant rights for the limited purpose of maintaining, promoting and improving the Services, and creating new ones.
The license will remain in effect even if you stop using the Services (such as a business listing added to Google Maps).
Some Services may have ways to access and remove their content.
In addition, certain Services have terms or settings that restrict our use of content submitted to those Services.
You must have the necessary rights to grant the above license to any material that you submit to the Services.
Our automated systems analyze content (including emails) to offer personalized service features such as search results, personalized advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We perform this analysis when sending, receiving and saving content.
Google may display the profile name, profile picture, and actions taken by the Google Account owner in relation to the Google Account or third-party applications linked to the Google Account (such as +1 clicks) on its services, including in advertising and other commercial materials. , published reviews and comments) We respect your choices regarding sharing restrictions or Google Account visibility settings.
For example, you can adjust your settings so that your name and photo do not appear in the ad.
For more information on how Google uses and stores content, see the Privacy Policy and any additional terms related to specific Services.
If you submit a feedback or a proposal for the Services, we may use that information without any obligation to you.
Information about software on the Services
If the Service requires downloaded software or contains downloadable software, it may be automatically updated on your device when a new version or feature becomes available.
Some Services may allow you to customize your automatic update settings.
Google grants you a personal, worldwide, free, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided by Google on the Services.
This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services provided by Google as permitted by these terms.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the Services or bundled software, and may not reverse engineer any such software or attempt to extract its source code, unless such restriction is prohibited by law or you have our written permission .
We value open source software very much.
Some programs used in the Services may be offered under an open source license, the content of which will be made available to you.
The open source license may contain provisions that expressly supersede some of these terms.
Modifying and canceling the Services
We constantly change and improve our Services.
We may add or remove features, and we may suspend or completely terminate the Service.
You may stop using the Services at any time, but we do not want to do so.
Google may also discontinue providing the Services to you at any time, or add or create new restrictions relating to such Services.
We believe that your data belongs to you and that it is important to ensure that you have access to it.
If we decide to terminate the provision of the Service, where possible and justified, we will notify users in advance and enable them to download information from the given Service.
Warranties and Disclaimers
We provide services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and commitment.
We hope you will enjoy using them.
Even so, we cannot make certain promises in relation to the Services.
Neither Google nor its suppliers and distributors make any specific promises about the Services other than as expressly set forth in these terms and additional terms.
For example, we do not make any commitments to the content on the Services, the specific features, reliability or availability of the Services, and the ability to meet your needs.
Services are provided "as is".
Some jurisdictions require certain warranties, such as the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all warranties.
Responsibility for Services
Where permitted by law, Google and its suppliers and distributors are not responsible for lost profits, revenue or data, financial loss, indirect, special, consequential or moral damages, or for punitive damages.
To the extent permitted by law, the total liability of Google, its suppliers and distributors for all claims under these terms, including any implied warranties or warranties, is limited to the amount you pay us for your use of the Services (or, if we agree such decision, limited to our re-provision of the Services to you).
In no event will Google, its suppliers or distributors be liable for any loss or damage that cannot be foreseen by reasonable means.
We understand that in some countries you may have rights as a consumer.
If you use the Services for personal purposes, the terms of these terms or additional terms do not limit any consumer rights that may not be waived by contract.
Company Use of Services
If Google services are used on behalf of a company, that company accepts these terms.
We agree to protect and indemnify Google, its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from all claims, actions and actions arising out of or relating to the use of the Services or a breach of these terms and conditions.
This includes protection against all liability and expenses arising from claims, losses, damages, lawsuits, judgments, litigation costs and legal fees.
Information about these terms
We may modify these terms and any additional terms that apply to the Services to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to the Services.
You should check these conditions regularly.
Information about the modification of the terms will be published on this page.
Information about the modification of the additional terms will be published on the relevant Service.
The changes are not retroactive and come into force no sooner than 14 days after being posted.
However, changes relating to new features of the Service or introduced for legal reasons take effect immediately.
If you do not accept the modified terms of the Service, you must stop using it.
If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will apply to that extent.
These terms and conditions govern the relationship between Google and the user.
They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.
If you do not comply with these terms and we do not take appropriate action immediately, this does not mean that we are giving up any rights we may have (for example, enabling us to take action in the future).
If it is found that a particular condition cannot be enforced, the remaining conditions will not be affected in any way.
Some jurisdictions do not apply California law to certain types of disputes.
If you live in one of these countries, then in those situations where California law is excluded, your country's law will govern any disputes relating to these terms.
Otherwise, you agree that any dispute arising out of or in connection with these terms or the Services shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, United States, excluding its conflict of laws principles.
Similarly, if the courts of any country do not permit you to consent to the jurisdiction or venue of the courts in Santa Clara County, California, in the United States, your local jurisdiction or venue will prevail in any dispute under these terms.
Otherwise, all claims arising out of or in connection with these terms or the Services will be brought exclusively in a federal or state court in Santa Clara County, California, United States.
You and Google agree to the personal jurisdiction of these courts.
Information on how to contact Google can be found on the contact page.
