Statute
Facebook Ireland Limited changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
We updated our Terms and Conditions, Data Policy, and Cookie Policy to reflect the new name on January 4, 2022.
Even though our company name has changed, we intend to continue to offer the same products, including the Instagram from Meta app.
Our Data Principles and Terms and Conditions continue to apply, and the change of name does not affect how we use or share your data.
Find out more about Meta and our metaversum vision.
Statute
Welcome to Instagram!
These Terms (or the "Terms") govern your use of Instagram, except where we expressly state that other terms and conditions (and not these terms) apply and contain the following information about Instagram (hereinafter the "Service").
By creating or using an Instagram account, you accept these Regulations.
The Meta Terms and Conditions do not apply to the Service.
When you click here, a Contract Summary will appear, and here the rest of the information that the European Electronic Communications Code requires us to provide.
If you are a business entity established in the EU and use Instagram Shopping to sell goods to EU consumers, you can find out more about your business relationship with us by checking the content of the Platform to Business Notice, which complements our Terms and Conditions.
Instagram is one of Meta's products provided to you by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
These Regulations constitute a contract between the user and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
Imprint
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Irlandia
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
Reference number: 462932
Contact by email:
Network Enforcement Act ("NetzDG")
To learn more about NetzDG and how to report content that you believe is inconsistent with it, please visit the Internet Law Help Center.
Law enforcement officials can request information under NetzDG through the online application system for law enforcement agencies.
Representative for
administrative and civil court proceedings as defined in section 5 (1) of NetzDG: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater Part GmbB (Berlin), Potsdamer Platz 1, 10785 Berlin.
Act on the protection of copyrights of service providers ("UrhDaG")
The authorized recipient of the service in court proceedings pursuant to § 20 UrhDaG is: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Düsseldorf), Feldmühleplatz 1, 40545 Düsseldorf.
Information for state media authorities
Administrative notifications under the Medienstaatsvertrag (MStV) (German Inter-Länder Treaty)
media) for Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
may be transferred to: Facebook Germany GmbH, c / o FreshfieldsBruckhausDeringerRechtsanwälteSteuerberaterPartGmbB, HoheBleichen 7, 20354 Hamburg.
Content Ranking
Information on content ranking is provided here.
Instagram service
We are committed to providing you with Instagram.
The website includes all Instagram products, functions, applications, services, technologies and software that we provide in order to fulfill Instagram's mission: Bringing people and things closer to the user.
The website consists of the following elements:
Offering personalized opportunities to create and share content, connect, communicate and discover news.
People are different from each other.
We enable the user to strengthen relationships by exchanging information and experiences that are important to him.
We create systems by trying to understand what matters to users and use this information to help the user create and find information that is important to him, and join events that are important to him and exchange important experiences.
One of the manifestations of this approach is presenting content, features, offers and accounts that may be of interest to the user and offering him various opportunities to use Instagram based on his actions and the actions of others on and off the site.
Fostering a positive, open and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and offer members of our community the means to use the site safely, including when we think they may need help.
We also have teams and systems to deal with the abuse and violation of our Terms and Conditions, and against harmful and fraudulent behavior.
We use all information we have, including user data, to keep our platform secure.
We may also share information about instances of abuse or harmful content with other Meta companies or law enforcement agencies.
Please see the Data Policy for more information.
The development and use of technologies that enable us to consistently serve our growing community.
The most important element of our website is organizing and analyzing information for our growing community.
A large part of the website is the creation and use of the latest technologies that enable us to personalize, secure and improve the website on an incredibly large scale for a huge global community.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning give us the ability to apply complex processes throughout the site.
Automated technologies also help to ensure the functionality and integrity of our website.
Providing consistent and efficient ways to use Meta products.
Instagram is one of the Meta companies that uses the same technology, systems, analytics, and information, including information we have about you (more on our Data Policy) to provide better, safer services and increase security.
We also provide you with the opportunity to interact with the various Meta Products you use and specific systems that enable you to use the various Meta Products consistently and seamlessly.
Providing access to our Website.
In order to be able to operate our Website on a global scale, we must store and transfer data between our systems around the world, including outside your country of residence.
An essential and necessary condition for the operation of our Website is the use of such a global infrastructure.
Such infrastructure may be owned or operated by Meta Platforms, Inc.,
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or their affiliates.
Introduce users to the brands, products and services they care about.
We use data from Instagram and other Meta Products and data from third parties to show you advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that we believe will be relevant to you.
We also try to make them as relevant as any other Instagram user experience.
Research and innovation.
We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Website and collaborate with other entities in research to improve it and contribute to the good of the community.
This includes analyzing the data we have about our users and learning how users use our Website, for example by conducting analyzes and tests and solving problems with new features.
The method of financing our Website
Instead of paying for the use of Instagram, by using the Website covered by these Regulations, the user acknowledges that we may show him advertisements for which companies and organizations pay us for promotion in and outside Meta Products.
We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you advertisements that are more interesting to you.
We show you relevant and useful ads without sharing information about you with advertisers.
We do not sell your personal data.
We allow advertisers to provide us with information such as their business purpose and the type of audience they want to show their ads to.
Then we show their ad to people who may be interested in it.
We also provide advertisers with ad performance reports to help them see how their audience is responding to their content on and off Instagram.
For example, we provide advertisers with general demographic and interest data to help them understand their audience.
We do not share information that allows you to directly identify you (such as your name or email address that allows you to contact you or identify who you are) without your express consent.
Find out more about how Instagram ads work here.
Brand-related materials posted by account holders who promote products or services under a commercial agreement with the business partner mentioned in the materials appear on Instagram.
More information can be found here:
Data Policy
The provision of our website requires the collection and use of user data.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use and share information on Meta Products.
It also discusses the many ways that users can control their data, including through Instagram's privacy and security settings.
User's obligations
In return for providing the website, we require the user to assume the following obligations.
Who can use Instagram.
We want our website to be as open as possible, but we also want it to be safe and legal.
Therefore, we require certain restrictions from users who wish to become part of the Instagram community.
User must be 13 years or older.
Website users may not be prohibited from using any of the functions of our website in accordance with applicable law or from using payments related to the website due to their presence on the list of prohibited entities.
A user of the Service website may not have had an account blocked in the past due to a violation of the law or any of our policies.
Persons convicted of sexual crimes cannot use the website.
How Instagram Cannot Be Used.
Providing a safe and open site for a large community requires the commitment of all parties.
You may not impersonate another person or provide inaccurate information.
You do not need to disclose your Instagram identity, but provide accurate and up-to-date information (including registration details), which may include personal information.
It is also not allowed to impersonate another person or entity or create an account for another person without their express consent.
You may not act in an illegal, misleading or deceptive manner or pursue any illegal or unlawful purpose.
You may not violate (or help or encourage other people to violate) these Terms and Conditions or our policies, including in particular the Instagram Community Principles, the Meta Terms and Conditions for Developers, and Music Policies.
When posting Brand-related Materials, you must follow our Brand-Related Content Policy, which requires the use of the Brand-related material tagging tool.
Please see the Help Center for directions on how to report such behavior or content.
You must not do anything that would interfere with or impair the operation of the website.
This includes misuse of the reporting, dispute resolution or appeal channel, such as
by sending false or unfounded reports or appeals.
You may not create accounts or attempt to access or retrieve information without authorization.
This includes creating accounts or collecting information by automated means without our express permission.
You may not sell, license or purchase data obtained from us or through our Service.
This includes attempts to purchase, sell, or transfer any account item (including usernames), obtain, collect, or use other users' login information or badges, or attempts to obtain or collect Instagram usernames, passwords, or misappropriated access tokens.
You may not post private or confidential information of another person without that person's consent, or take any action that infringes the rights of another person, including intellectual property rights (eg.
copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit or pirated goods).
You may use another person's works subject to certain exceptions or limitations to copyright and related rights under applicable law.
The user declares that he owns or has obtained all required rights to the posted or shared content.
For more information, including reporting on content that you believe infringes your intellectual property rights, click here.
You may not modify, translate, create derivative works or decompile our products or their components.
You may not use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.
User Permissions.
As part of our agreement, you also grant us the permissions required to provide the Service.
We do not claim any ownership of your content; however, he licenses us to use them.
Nothing changes with regard to the user's rights to its content.
We do not claim any rights to user content posted on or through the Service.
You can share your content with anyone, anywhere.
However, in order to provide the Service, we need certain permissions (known as a "license") from you.
On the other hand, in the case of sharing, publishing or sending content covered by intellectual property rights (e.g.
photos or videos) on our website or in connection with it, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, global license to operate, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly play or display, translate its content and creating derivative works based on them (in accordance with the privacy and application settings selected by the user) to ensure the availability of the Instagram website.
This license will terminate when user content is removed from our systems.
You can remove individual content items or all content at once by deleting your account.
For more information on how we use your information and how you can control or remove content, see the Data Policy and Instagram Help Center.
Use of a username, his profile picture and information about his connections and actions taken in relation to accounts, advertisements and sponsored content.
The user agrees to display, without any compensation to the user, his username, profile picture and information about his connections (eg.
about followers) or actions (e.g.
likes) taken on accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that he or she follows or responds to that appears on Meta Products.
For example, we can show that a user liked a sponsored post created by a brand that paid us to display their ads on Instagram.
As with activity on other content and followers of other accounts, only people who have permission to view such content or followers can see the activity on sponsored content and followers.
We also adhere to the ad settings you choose.
More information on ad settings can be found here.
You consent to us downloading and installing updates on your devices.
Additional Rights We Retain
If you choose a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it as we deem appropriate or necessary (e.g.
if they infringe someone else's intellectual property rights or represent another user).
If you use content that is subject to intellectual property rights that we own and make available on our site (for example, images, designs, videos or sounds we provide that you add to content that you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not to user content).
You may only use our intellectual property rights, trademarks or similar designations where their use is expressly permitted in our Brand Guidelines or our prior written consent.
Our written consent (or an open source license) is required to modify, make derivative works, decompile or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code from us.
Deleting content and blocking or closing an account
We may remove any content or information that you post on the site if you believe that it violates these Terms, our policies (including Instagram's Community Principles), or we are under a legal obligation to do so.
We may refuse or immediately cease providing you with all or part of the Service (including closing or blocking your access to Meta Products and Meta Products) to protect our community or services, or where you expose us to risk or legal liability in the event of your breach of these Terms or our policies (including Instagram's Community Policies), if you persistently infringe the intellectual property rights of others, or we are under a legal obligation to do so.
We may also terminate or amend the Service, remove or block content or information made available on our Service, or cease providing the Service in whole or in part, if we believe it is reasonable and necessary to avoid or mitigate any negative legal or regulatory effects on our part.
In certain cases, we will notify you and explain your options to request further review if we remove content provided by you, unless you are in serious and persistent breach of these Terms or if doing so could expose us or others to legal liability. , harm our user community, or threaten or prejudice the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or products where we have technical limitations or are legally prohibited to do so.
If you believe that your account has been closed in error, or you wish to block or permanently delete your account, please see the information in the Help Center.
If a user submits a request to delete content or their account, the deletion process will start automatically no later than 30 days after submitting the request.
It may take up to 90 days for the content removal process to complete.
During the deletion process, the content in question is no longer visible to other users, but is subject to these Terms and our Data Policy.
After the content is deleted, it may take another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery systems.
Our right to terminate the contract for good cause remains unaffected.
A legitimate reason occurs, in particular, when a party violates the obligations arising from these Regulations, any provisions, rights of third parties or privacy rules, and the party terminating the contract cannot be expected to maintain the contractual relationship taking into account all the circumstances of a given case and weighing the interests of both parties. until the agreed date of termination of the contract or the expiry of the notice period.
Termination for good cause is only possible within a reasonable time after becoming aware of the breach.
If the legitimate reason is a breach of an obligation under these Regulations, termination of the contract is allowed only after the deadline for repairing the breach has expired ineffectively or after an ineffective warning.
However, it is not necessary to set a time limit for remedying the breach if the other party has firmly and irrevocably refused to fulfill its obligations or if special circumstances justify an immediate termination after weighing the interests of both parties.
If you believe your account has been blocked in error, or you wish to disable or delete your account altogether, please see the information in the Help Center.
Content will not be removed within 90 days of account deletion or the initiation of the deletion process in the following situations:
when the user's content has been used by other persons in accordance with the granted license and these persons have not removed it (in which case the license is valid until the content is removed); or
when deletion within 90 days is not possible due to technical limitations of our systems, in which case we will complete the deletion as soon as it is technically possible, or
when the removal of the content would limit our ability to:
investigate or find illegal activity or a breach of our policies and policies (for example, to find or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
protecting the security of our products, systems and users;
fulfillment of a legal obligation, such as securing evidence; or
compliance with a request of a judicial or administrative authority, law enforcement authority or public administration;
in which case the content will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was retained (the exact duration will be determined individually).
If you delete your account or we block your account, these Terms and Conditions will cease to exist as a contract between you and us, but this section and the section below titled "Our Agreement and What Happens If We Don't Give Your Consent" will continue to apply even after you close, block or deletion of the user account.
Our contract and what will happen if we do not consent
Our deal.
Your use of music on the Service is also governed by the Music Policy, and your use of the API is governed by the Meta Terms of Use and the Developer Policy.
If you use certain other functions or related services, you will have the option of accepting additional terms and conditions, which will also become part of the contract between us.
For example, if you are using the payment feature, you will be asked to agree to the Community's Payment Terms.
In the event of non-compliance of the said regulations with the provisions of this agreement, the aforementioned regulations shall prevail.
The unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
Any changes or deviations from this agreement must be in writing and signed by us.
Failure to enforce any provision of this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Who Have Rights Under This Agreement.
This agreement does not grant any rights to any third party.
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations may be transferred to other entities.
This may happen, for example
in the event of a change of ownership (in the form of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets) or by law.
Who is responsible when something happens.
We are only liable to the following extent: In accordance with applicable law, we are unlimited in the event of death, bodily injury or health, in the event of intent, gross negligence and in accordance with the Product Liability Act.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are only liable for minor negligence in the event of a breach of a "material" obligation under this agreement. "
Essential "obligations are obligations necessary for the performance of the contract, the breach of which would jeopardize the purpose of the contract in question and which it can be reasonably believed will be fulfilled.
In such cases, liability is limited to typical and foreseeable damages, but in other cases we are not liable for minor negligence.
How we will settle disputes.
If, as a result of or in connection with your use of the Service as a consumer, a claim or dispute arises, both you and we agree that you may settle your individual claim or dispute against us and we may resolve your individual claim or dispute against you in any competent court in the country of his principal place of residence with jurisdiction for his claim or dispute, and the law of that country will apply without regard to its conflict-of-law rules.
If there is a claim or dispute between us regarding the use of the Service in any other nature, including, but not limited to,
relating to access to or use of the Service for business or commercial purposes, you agree that any such claim or dispute must be adjudicated by a competent court in Ireland and that Irish law shall apply without regard to conflict of law rules.
Unsolicited Materials.
We always encourage your feedback and other suggestions, but we may use them without any restriction or obligation to pay you remuneration, and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.
Updating these Regulations
We may change our website and policies, and we may need to amend these Terms and Conditions so that they accurately reflect our website and policies.
We will only introduce changes if the regulations are no longer adequate or incomplete and only if the changes are justified for the user after taking into account his interests.
In the absence of other legal requirements, we will notify you of the changes and available options (for example, via our website) at least 30 days before we update these Terms and we will give you a chance to review them before they go into effect.
Then, further use of the website will be tantamount to the obligation to comply with the updated Regulations.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions or any of their updated versions, you may delete your account here.
Update: January 4, 2022
