Valid from
August 11, 2020
LinkedIn's mission is to connect professionals around the world with each other to enable them to be more effective and successful.
Our services are designed to extend members' economic opportunities by enabling millions of professionals to meet, exchange ideas, train, trade, find employment or employees, and make decisions through a network of trusted contacts.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
User Responsibilities
Rights and Restrictions
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
Solution
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General conditions
LinkedIn Principles "What is Allowed and What Is Not"
Content Complaints
Contact Us
1.
Introduction
1.
1 Agreement
By using LinkedIn, you agree to all of these terms.
Your use of our Services is governed by the Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information.
By clicking the "Join Now", "Join LinkedIn", "Sign Up" or similar buttons while registering for our Services, accessing and using our services (described below), you agree to enter into a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (even when you use the Services on behalf of a company).
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement ("Agreement" or "User Agreement"), do not click "Join Now" (or similar) or visit or otherwise use our Services websites.
You may terminate this agreement at any time by closing your account and ceasing to use and access our Services.
Services
This Agreement applies to LinkedIn.com, the LinkedIn-branded applications, LinkedIn Learning, and other LinkedIn-related sites, applications, messages and other services that state that they are offered under this Agreement (the "Services"), including collection data about visits to non-LinkedIn sites on these Services, including our advertisements and the "Apply to LinkedIn" and "Share on LinkedIn" plugins.
Registered users of our Services are "Members" and unregistered users are "Visitors".
LinkedIn
You are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn (which also takes various grammatical forms for the pronouns "we" or "us").
Designated Countries refers to the countries of the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland.
If you live in one of the "Designated Countries", you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company ("LinkedIn Ireland").
LinkedIn Ireland will be the controller of your personal data provided, processed or collected by or for the purposes of our Services.
If you live outside of "Designated Countries", you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Corporation ("LinkedIn Corp.").
LinkedIn Corp.
will be the controller of your personal data provided, processed or collected by or for the purposes of our Services.
This Agreement applies to both Members and Visitors.
The use and sharing of the personal information of Visitors or Members is subject to this Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy) and updates.
1.
2 Members and Visitors
When a user signs up and starts using the LinkedIn Services, they become a Member.
If you choose not to register with our Services, you may use certain features as a "Visitor".
1.
3 Change
We may make changes to this Agreement.
We may make changes to this Agreement, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy at any time.
If we make material changes, we will notify you through our Services or otherwise so you can review the changes before they become effective.
We confirm that the changes will not be retroactive.
In the event of objections to any changes, the user may close his account.
By continuing to use our Services after we post or notify you of changes to these terms, you are agreeing to the updated terms from the effective date.
2.
User Responsibilities
2.
1 Eligibility to use the Services
The following are your obligations under this Agreement:
You are entitled to enter into this Agreement and have at least the "Minimum Age" required by us.
The Services are not intended for use by persons under the age of 16.
To use the Services, you must meet the following criteria and ensure that: (1) you have reached the "Minimum Age" (as defined below) or older; (2) will only have one LinkedIn account in his real name, and (3) he is currently not restricted from accessing the LinkedIn Services.
Creating an account with false data is a violation of our terms and conditions.
This also applies to accounts registered on behalf of other persons or persons under the age of 16.
"Minimum Age" is 16 years of age or older.
However, if applicable law requires that you be older than the age to lawfully use the LinkedIn Services without parental consent (including the use of your personal information), then the "Minimum Age" is the number of years required by that law.
2.
2 User account
The user will keep his password confidential.
You will not share your account with other people and will comply with our rules and regulations.
Members are account owners.
You agree to: (1) use a strong password and keep it confidential; (2) not to give any part of your account to any other person (e.g.
contacts); and (3) comply with the law and our Do's and Don'ts list and the Professional Community Policy.
You are responsible for any and all situations relating to your account, unless you have closed your account or reported abuse.
With regard to the relationship between you and third parties (including your employer), your account belongs to you.
However, if the Service was purchased for the user by a third party (e.g.
Recruiter license purchased by your employer), the paying party for this Service has the right to control access to it and receive reports on your use of this paid Service; however, this third party has no rights to the personal user account.
2.
3 Payment
You agree to comply with the payment obligations and accept our storage of your payment information.
You acknowledge that there may be fees and taxes that will be added to our prices.
Returns are subject to our policies.
By purchasing any of our Paid Services ("Premium Services"), you agree to pay the fees and associated taxes, and agree to the specific terms and conditions applicable to Paid Services.
Failure to pay these fees will lead to your Paid Services being disabled.
You also agree that:
Depending on where the transactions are made, your transaction may be subject to handling fees related to currency conversion or price difference (e.g.
resulting from the exchange rate).
We may store and continue billing using the selected payment method (e.g.
credit card), also after its expiry date, to avoid any interruption in the provision of the Services and to allow you to pay for other Services that you may purchase.
If you purchase a subscription, you will be automatically charged using the selected payment method at the beginning of each subscription period for the fees and taxes due for that period.
To avoid future charges, please cancel your subscription before your renewal date.
More information on how to cancel or suspend your Premium Services.
All purchases of the Services are subject to the LinkedIn Refund Policy.
We may calculate any applicable tax fees based on the billing information you provided to us upon purchase.
You may receive a copy of your invoice in your LinkedIn account settings under "Purchase History."
2.
4 Notifications and messages
You consent to our sending notices and messages through our sites, applications and contact information.
If your contact information is out of date, significant notices may not reach you.
You consent to our sending of notifications and messages: (1) in the Services or (2) to the contact you provide (e.g.
e-mail, mobile phone or traditional mail).
The user undertakes to keep his contact information up-to-date.
You should review your settings to control and limit the types of messages you receive from us.
2.
5 Sharing
When you share your information on our Services, other people may see, copy, and use that information.
Our Services allow you to send messages and share information in many ways, e.g.
Using your profile, articles, group posting, linking to news articles, posting jobs, sending messages and InMail.
Information and content that you share or post may be visible to other Members, Visitors, or others (including outside the Services).
Where we allow you to change your settings, we are committed to respecting the choices you make about who can view your content or information (eg.
the content of messages sent to recipients, sharing content only with LinkedIn contacts, limiting profile visibility in search engines or opting out of notifying others about user profile updates).
In the case of job search activities, we do not show the information to your contacts or the public by default.
So, if you apply for a job through our Services or signal your interest in a job, we only share this information by default with the job poster.
We are under no obligation to post any information or content on our Service and may remove it with or without notice.
3.
Rights and Restrictions
3.
1 License granted to LinkedIn
You are the owner of the content, opinions and personal data submitted to LinkedIn and grant LinkedIn a non-exclusive license to them.
We are committed to respecting the choices you make about who may see your information and content, including the use of that data in advertising.
As for the legal relationship between you and LinkedIn, the content and information provided or posted on the Services are owned by you who grant LinkedIn and our entities the following non-exclusive license:
A worldwide, transferable, sublicenseable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process information and content provided by you through the Services and third party services without additional consent, notice, or compensation to you or others.
These rights are subject to the following restrictions:
You may revoke a license to certain content by removing it from the Services, and by closing your account in general, with the exception of (a) content that you shared with other users on the Services who have copied, re-shared, or retained that content, and (b) due time to delete content from backup and other systems.
We will not post your content in advertising for third party products and services to others without your separate consent (including sponsored content).
Nevertheless, LinkedIn has the right to post advertisements in addition to the content and information posted by the user without compensation for that user or others, and your social actions may be visible to others and used in advertisements as described in the Privacy Policy. .
If you use a feature of our Service, we may mention it by using your name or photo to promote that feature on our Services - as set out in your settings.
If we wish to grant third parties the right to post your content outside of the Services, we will do so after obtaining your consent.
However, if you wish to make your content "public", we will provide a feature that allows other Members to add that public content to third party services.
We will also allow search engines to make this content searchable by these services.
More information
We may edit your content and make format changes (e.g.
translate or rewrite them, modify the size, layout and type of the file, or delete the metadata), but we will not alter the meaning of the statement.
Because your content and information is your own, and LinkedIn only has non-exclusive rights to it, you may choose to share it with others, including under the terms of the Creative Commons license.
You and LinkedIn agree that if content contains personal information, it is subject to the Privacy Policy.
You and LinkedIn consent to our access to, and storage, processing and use of, your information (including personal information) in accordance with the Privacy Policy and your preferences (including your settings).
By submitting suggestions and other feedback to us about our Services, you consent to LinkedIn using and sharing such feedback (but without obligation) for any purpose and at no cost to you.
You agree to provide us only with the information and content that you are permitted to provide and ensure that your LinkedIn profile is accurate.
The user agrees to provide only such content and information that do not violate the law or the rights of others (eg.
intellectual property rights).
The user ensures that the information contained in his profile will be true.
Removal of certain content or information by LinkedIn may be required by law in some countries.
3.
2 Service Availability
We may change or terminate the Service, as well as change prices.
We may change, suspend or discontinue our Services.
We also reserve the right to change applicable prices to the extent permitted by law, subject to a reasonable notice period.
We make no promises to store or continuously display the information and content you post.
LinkedIn does not provide a data storage service.
You agree that LinkedIn is under no obligation to store, retain, or provide copies of content and information provided by you or others, except to the extent permitted by applicable law and our Privacy Policy.
3.
3 Other Content, Sites, and Applications
You use content and information posted on our Services by others at your own risk.
Others may offer their own products and services through our Services, and we are not responsible for the activities of these third parties.
By using the Services, you may discover content and information that may be inaccurate, incomplete, out of date, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful.
We generally do not review content posted by our Members or others.
You acknowledge that LinkedIn is not responsible for the content or information of others (including other Members).
We cannot always prevent misuse of our services, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible for such misuse.
You acknowledge the risk that you or your organization may be mistakenly associated with content about others when we notify contacts and followers that you or your organization have been mentioned in messages.
Members can make choices about how this feature works.
LinkedIn can help Members offering their own services (career coaching, accounting, etc.)
make contact with Members looking for services.
LinkedIn does not provide these services or hire people to provide them.
You must be 18 years of age to offer, perform or receive these services.
You acknowledge that LinkedIn does not supervise, direct, control or monitor Members with respect to the services they provide.
You also acknowledge that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the way in which these services are offered, performed or received, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any services offered by Members, and that (3) no employment relationship exists between LinkedIn and the Members. agency or joint venture relationship.
Members offering services represent and warrant that they are in possession of all required licenses and will provide services in accordance with the Professional Community Policy.
Similarly, LinkedIn can help you register for or participate in events organized by Members and connect with other Members who attend such events.
You acknowledge that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the actions of Members or other participants in such events, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any events listed on our Services, (3) LinkedIn does not review or verify any of these events, and that ( 4) you will comply with these terms and conditions that apply to these events.
3.
4 Restrictions
We have the right to limit the way you contact and interact with our Services.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of contacts you make and your ability to interact with other Members.
LinkedIn reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if you breach this Agreement or the law, or use the Services inappropriately (e.g.
violating the principles of "What is allowed and what is not allowed" or the Policy of the community of specialists).
3.
5 Intellectual Property Rights
We provide you with a notice of our intellectual property rights.
LinkedIn reserves all intellectual property rights in the Services.
The trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners.
LinkedIn, the "in" logo and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.
3.
6 Automatic processing
We use information about you to send relevant suggestions to you and others.
We use information provided by you and information about Members to make recommendations about contacts, content and features that may be useful to you.
For example, we use data about you to recommend job offers or recommend you to recruiters.
Keeping your profiles accurate and up-to-date helps us deliver more accurate and tailored recommendations.
4.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
4.
1 No Warranty
Below is our disclaimer for the quality, safety and reliability of our Services.
LINKEDIN AND ITS ENTITIES DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES PROVIDED WILL BE FUNCTIONAL WITHOUT INTERFERENCE OR ERROR (AS IS) AS IS. AVAILABLE ".
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS ENTITIES EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF PROPERTY, SUITABILITY, ACCURACY AND ACCURACY.
4.
2 Disclaimer
The legal liability towards the user is limited to the following.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (UNLESS LINKEDIN HAVE CONCLUDED A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT) LINKEDIN AND ITS ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THESE LIABILITIES.
OFFENSIVE OR SCALE STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (E.G.
INTERRUPTIONS OF WORK OR LOSS, USE OR MODIFICATION OF YOUR INFORMATION AND CONTENT) OR OTHER INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXTRA DAMAGES.
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, LINKEDIN AND ITS ENTITIES WILL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING (A) THE TOTAL FEES PAID OR DUE LINKED BY THE USE OF THE APPLICANT USED BY YOU .
4.
3 Grounds for concluding the contract; exceptions
Limitation of liability in Art.
4.
of this Agreement forms part of the basis of the contract between you and LinkedIn and applies to all liability claims (which may be based on, for example,
warranty, tort, negligence, contract or law), including when LinkedIn or its affiliates have been advised of the possibility of suffering such damage, or even if these remedies do not fulfill their intended purpose.
This limitation of liability does not apply to liability for death, bodily injury, fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct, and cases of negligence in which material obligations have been breached - those that create the conditions necessary for us to provide the Services and on which you could reasonably rely but only to the extent that such damage was directly caused by the breach and was foreseeable at the time of entering into this Agreement and to the extent that such negligence is typical in the context of this Agreement.
5.
Solution
Either party may terminate this Agreement, and certain rights and obligations will remain in effect.
Both LinkedIn and you may terminate this Agreement at any time upon notification to the other party.
Upon termination of the Agreement, the user loses the right to access and use the Services.
The following provisions shall remain in force after termination of the Agreement:
Our right to use and publish any feedback provided by you;
Rights of Members and Visitors to continue to re-share content and information provided by the user through the Services;
Art.
4, 6 i 8.
2 of this Agreement;
Any amounts owed by the parties prior to termination of the Agreement shall still be payable after termination.
You can use the Help Center to close your account.
6.
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event of a legal dispute between LinkedIn and you, we agree to be resolved in California State Courts (California law) or Dublin, Ireland courts (Irish law).
This section does not deprive you of any consumer rights in the country in which we provide the Services to you in which you reside.
If you reside in Designated Countries: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that any dispute relating to this Agreement or the Services will be governed solely by Irish law, excluding its conflict of laws principles.
You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that any such claim may only be brought before Dublin, Ireland, and consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts based in Dublin, Ireland.
For others outside of Designated Countries, including those who reside outside of the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that any dispute relating to this Agreement or the Services will be governed solely by the laws of the State of California, United States, excluding its conflict of laws principles.
You and LinkedIn agree that any such dispute or claim will be adjudicated solely by the state or federal courts of Santa Clara County, California, United States, and consent to the personal jurisdiction of those courts.
7.
General conditions
Important Notes About This Agreement.
If the court having jurisdiction over the Agreement finds any part unenforceable, you and LinkedIn agree that the court may amend its terms so that that part becomes enforceable while maintaining its intended purpose.
If the court is unable to do so, you and LinkedIn agree to go to court to remove the unenforceable part of the Agreement and enforce the remaining parts of the Agreement.
This Agreement (together with any additional terms that apply if you use the features of the Services) is the only Agreement between you and LinkedIn for the Services and supersedes any prior Agreements that apply to them.
Failure to take action by us in the event of a breach of the Agreement does not mean that LinkedIn waives its right to enforce it.
You may not assign or dispose of this Agreement (or your membership or use of the Services) to another person without our consent.
However, you consent to LinkedIn assigning this Agreement to its affiliates or the person who acquires it without your consent.
No third party is a beneficiary of this Agreement.
You agree that the only way to provide us with legal information is to send it to the address provided in Art.
10.
8.
LinkedIn Principles "What is Allowed and What Is Not"
8.
1 What is allowed
LinkedIn is a community of professionals.
The Do's and Don'ts and the Professional Community Policy set out which behaviors on our Services are allowed and which aren't.
The user undertakes:
Comply with all laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and legal requirements;
Provide us with accurate information and keep it updated;
Use your real name and surname; and
Use the Services in a professional manner.
8.
2 What is not allowed
The user undertakes not to:
Use a false identity on LinkedIn, provide a false identity, create a Member profile for anyone other than you (a real person), or use or attempt to use other people's accounts;
Develop, support or use any software, devices, scripts, robots or other means or processes (including crawlers, browser add-ons or plug-ins, and other technologies) to capture data from the Services, or otherwise copy profiles or other data from the Services;
Circumvent the security features of the Services, bypass any access control mechanisms or limits on the use of the Services (e.g.
restrictions on keyword searches or viewing profiles);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Services, either directly or through third parties (such as web search engines) without the express consent of LinkedIn;
Disclose information without permission to disclose it (such as confidential information of others, including employers);
Violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights.
For example, copy or distribute (in addition to sharing) other people's publications or other content without their permission, which they may grant by publishing under a Creative Commons license;
Violate LinkedIn's intellectual property rights or other rights, including (i) copying or distributing educational videos or other materials, (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless made available under open source licenses; (iii) use the word "LinkedIn" or our logos in a company name, email or website address, except as provided in the Brand Guidelines;
Post content that contains computer viruses, worms or other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decrypt or otherwise attempt to reverse engineer the source code for the Services or related technologies that are not open source software;
Suggest or state that you are affiliated with or endorsed by LinkedIn without our express consent (e.g.
introducing yourself as an accredited LinkedIn trainer);
Rent, lease, rent, sell, resell or otherwise commercialize the Services or related data or access these Services without the consent of LinkedIn;
Use deep linking to our Services for purposes other than promoting your own profile or Group on our Services without LinkedIn's consent;
Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, or send or redirect messages;
Monitor the availability, performance or functionality of the Services for any competitive purpose;
Create "frames", "mirrors" or otherwise simulate the appearance or functionality of the Services;
Mask or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (eg.
by adding items to the Services or removing, covering or hiding advertisements displayed on the Services)
Interfere with the operation of the Services or unreasonably burden them (by sending spam, denial of service / access attacks, viruses, game algorithms); or
Violate the Professional Community Policies or any additional terms relating to a specific Service that are provided when you sign up for or start using such Service, or the Bing Maps terms, if applicable.
9.
Content Complaints
Contact information for reporting content submitted by Members.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
It is our requirement that information posted by Members is accurate and does not infringe any intellectual property rights or any other rights of third parties.
We have developed a complaint procedure and policy regarding content posted by our Members.
10.
Contact Us
Our contact information.
The Help Center also provides information about our Services.
For general inquiries, please contact us online.
Regarding legal notices and pleadings, you can write to us at the following addresses.
