MyHeritage - Terms and Conditions
These Regulations were last updated on April 18, 2020.
If you haven't looked at it since that date, please do so now.
The following translation of our Regulations into Polish is not a binding version.
It is for informational purposes only and for your convenience.
The English version of the Regulations is the legally binding version.
Welcome to MyHeritage
MyHeritage is an online portal that allows its members to set up family pages and profiles to create and print their family trees, share family photos, contact family members, perform DNA testing, receive genetic analysis, participate in research, and research their family history using advanced research tools ("Portal").
The portal is owned by MyHeritage Ltd. (
(hereinafter referred to as "MyHeritage" or the "Company") and is operated by it. "
User "means an adult 13 years or older who uses the Portal (in some countries the minimum age is 14; for details, see" Underage Users "below).
Use of the Portal and / or the MyHeritage Site (the "Site") is subject to the terms of these Terms.
You should read the Terms carefully as by using the Site you have accepted the terms and agree to enter into a contract with the Company based on these Terms (this "Agreement"), whether or not you have registered as a member of MyHeritage ( "Member").
MyHeritage (the "Site") is part of a group of owned and operated sites (the "MyHeritage Site Group"), including MyHeritage * sites for other high-level domains and Geni.com.
This Agreement applies to your use of the Portal, including but not limited to (a) submitting samples for DNA extraction and processing, (b) transmitting your digital genetic information exported from other DNA testing Services, (c) receiving and contacting you as part of genetic and genealogical analysis conducted by the Website: ("DNA-based genealogy research services"); (d) receiving, viewing and interacting with genetic health analysis: ("DNA-based health services"); and (e) extracting raw DNA data (collectively, "DNA Testing Services").
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Portal provides DNA Research Services for all purposes of this Agreement.
If the User does not agree with any of the provisions of this Agreement, he should not use the Portal and the Site.
The Company reserves the right to amend the provisions of this Agreement at its sole discretion; such changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Your continued use of the Portal after such changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes to this Agreement.
Portal
MyHeritage family sites
Members of the MyHeritage Portal may create and publish content on the MyHeritage family sites, as well as control and restrict access to that content by other users of the MyHeritage Group of Sites.
Due to the nature of the Portal, you should carefully consider what information you wish to post on MyHeritage family sites and not post illegal or inappropriate content.
The Company will not edit or monitor User Contributed Content, but reserves the right to remove User Contributed Content if it determines that it violates this Agreement.
For example, and without limitation, the User undertakes not to post, transmit, send or otherwise make available through the Portal or in connection with the Portal the following content:
photos and other content that is nude, sexual, pornographic, indecent, vulgar, offensive and / or violent;
content that may violate the privacy or confidentiality of others, including those from your family tree.
On the Portal, the User may define specific privacy settings for individual names, dates, e-mail addresses and other information enabling the identification of a given person.
You should use these features and respect the privacy of others;
photos or e-mail addresses of living people (except their own photos and e-mail addresses) without the consent of the person concerned;
information on minors or minors enabling the identification of their identity, their personal data, addresses and other means of communicating with them, without the direct consent of their parent or guardian;
content that is not owned by the User or which the User has no right to use;
Content that infringes and / or violates the proprietary or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks.
The company pays particular attention to the protection of copyrights and intellectual property of others.
The User should remember that the content (including photos), even if posted on the website of which the User is a Member, is the property of their creator or sender, and the User should not reproduce them without the consent of the owner;
Indecent, indecent, defamatory, disrespectful, deceptive, violent, offensive, inciting to hatred, false, misleading, untrue, untrue, malicious, insulting, persecuting, threatening or inciting hatred on the basis of race, religion or ethnic;
Content that causes others to feel anxious, anxious, insecure, embarrassed, offended, or insecure
content that could be detrimental to pending legal proceedings; content that the User knows is illegal or promotes or incites illegal activity;
computer viruses or other malicious or harmful code;
content that violates the Company's Privacy Policy.
The user is not allowed to:
impersonate another person or otherwise misrepresent your identity or status;
impersonate an employee or representative of MyHeritage Ltd.
or any of its affiliates;
engage in stalking or stalking, or establish persistent or regular contact with other users without their consent or encouragement, or after their consent or encouragement to be contacted, express or implied, is withdrawn;
send you commercial e-mail, spam, unsolicited bulk e-mail, or other e-mail that may be considered harassment by the recipient or recipients;
use the Website or Portal in a way that may harm the good name or reputation of the Company;
restrict or prevent another person from using the Website or Portal;
use or access the Website or part of it for commercial purposes;
conduct business that requires Members and / or users of family sites of other sections of the MyHeritage Site to make a payment;
advertise or post any offers for the sale of products or services, except where expressly permitted by the Company and by law (in which case the User must comply with the terms and conditions for such activity set out by the Company);
reside link on a Site or Portal to sites of service providers outside of the MyHeritage Group of Sites;
Except with the express prior written consent of the Company, the User may not copy or store in electronic form all or part of the Website or the content on it, or make available, distribute, sell or post any offer for sale to all or part of the Website or its content, or systematically download content and data from or through the Site to create or supplement another database for any purpose; download data and pages from the Website using the so-called
scraping, crawling and / or harversting techniques without the express prior written consent of the Company.
Except with the prior written consent of the Company, resale of MyHeritage products (including, without limitation, MyHeritage DNA testing kits) is strictly prohibited.
Buying a MyHeritage DNA Test Kit and then reselling it to someone else is strictly prohibited.
Any activity on the Website that is reported to the Company and, in its sole discretion, constitutes a breach of applicable law, will be reported to the appropriate authorities.
The MyHeritage family site is where family members share content with other family members.
This can lead to conflict between family members.
All MyHeritage Members, including the User, must adhere to the following rules:
Before submitting information about themselves to the family site, Members must obtain consent from living family members to do so; if they post content there without such consent, the responsibility for it lies with the owner of the family site, i.e.
A member who started a family site.
If the Company receives a complaint that information about a person or a close relative of that person has been published on the family site against their will, the Company reserves the right to remove such information from the family, even if the owner of the family site wishes the information to remain on that page. .
In the event of a dispute with the Member owning the website, the Company has the right to block it and remove it from the Portal at its sole discretion.
If a Member is a subscriber, payment of such Member's subscription fee will be reimbursed by us.
The right of a relative not to publish information about him on the family site takes precedence over the right of the site owner to include such relative on the family site.
If you find on the family site or elsewhere on the Site personal information entered there by another family member that you wish to delete, please submit such request to the Company at privacy@myheritage.com; The company will process your request within one week.
The Company will endeavor to resolve the dispute amicably first by contacting the owner of the family site who has posted the information or who is responsible for it and giving them time to respond.
The Company will work with the User to ensure that the content that the User wishes to remove is eventually removed from the Site.
The Company may also help the User to remove such information from the index of search engines such as Google, if necessary, but please note that the removal of information from Google and other search engines is beyond the Company's control and is not under its obligation.
Copying information or photos from other family sites without the consent of their owners is prohibited, and members who do so may be blocked from the Portal at MyHeritage's sole discretion.
The prior consent of the content owners is required to copy information or photos from external websites and portals, and then publish them on family sites.
When you invite other members to the family site or accept their requests to join the family site, you will grant them access to the family site and the ability to copy its contents.
In such event, it is the family owner or the Member who issued the invitation or accepted the membership application, and not MyHeritage, who are responsible for it.
If an invitation or membership application was issued or accepted by mistake, the owner of the family page can remove that family member from the family side to prevent them from accessing the page.
Family sites are open to visitors by default, but details of living family members on the family tree (except for their names) are confidential.
For maximum privacy, website owners can set the status of their pages and photo albums private and turn off Smart Matching ™ in their family trees.
Smart Matching ™ is a service that enables you to discover the relationship between your family tree and those of others; there is a loss of privacy to this as owners of other family pages may see parts of the User's family tree associated with their trees (in which case living persons included in the User's family tree, but not related to another person's tree, will be classified as secret).
If you do not agree to this, you must disable Smart Matching ™ by clicking on the link in the drop-down menu at the top right of the Site, then the "Content" tab below the tree name, unchecking "Activate Smart Matching ™", and clicking the button "Save".
If you leave Smart Matching ™ enabled for your family tree, you are responsible that other members can see items in your family tree.
The Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse, refuse to post or remove any content posted by the User and / or family sites, or to limit, suspend or revoke the User's right to access all or part of the Website and / or Portal at any time for any reason or without giving any reason, with or without notice, and without incurring any legal, financial or other liability for it.
The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse, refuse to include or remove a family page at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice, and without any legal, financial or other liability for this, if the Company considers that the family party violates the provisions of this Agreement.
When you upload, post or post content on the Site, including family trees and photos, it is available to all visitors to the Site or MyHeritage Group sites depending on your settings.
Depending on the User's settings, other users of the Website may be able to view, copy, download, archive, edit, change or delete specific content posted by the User.
You agree that other users may access your family page and add, remove or otherwise change the content of your family page.
The information posted by the User will be displayed and available to other people who can search, view or listen to it.
The User may remove content previously posted on the Website; however, if other people have downloaded or archived copies of this content, it may remain available for viewing in the public domain.
Other users may contact the User via the Website regarding the content uploaded by the User.
The Company may send the User an e-mail notification when there is a new message for him on the Site.
You may change your e-mail settings in the "My Account" section of the Website if you do not wish to receive such notifications.
DNA testing services
This Section applies to the DNA Services including, but not limited to, ordering a MYHeritage DNA test kit, providing us with DNA samples, permitted use of such samples, DNA markers, mutant nucleotides, or haplogroups ("DNA Test Results") resulting therefrom or that you submit to the Website and against the results of genetic and genealogical analysis of DNA Results, which include DNA Matches and Ethnicity Estimates (collectively: "DNA Test Reports" and collectively "Your Genealogy Reports") and the results of genetic health analysis including Genetic Hazard Reports and Host Status Reports (collectively, "DNA Based Health Reports" and together with DNA Genealogy Reports, "DNA Test Reports".)
and your rights, obligations and limitations regarding the use of DNA Services.
To use the DNA Testing Services, you must register as a Site Member; however, it does not have to become a subscriber to use the DNA Testing Services.
The terms of use of the DNA Research Services are set out in this Agreement and the MyHeritage Privacy Policy.
DNA genealogy research services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon, and Syria ("Locations Limited for DNA Genealogy").
DNA Health Services are currently not available to residents of Israel, France, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Rhode Island, New Jersey, and New York, as well as Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon, and Syria ("Limited Locations for DNA Health Services").
By authorizing DNA Services, submitting a DNA sample for testing, or submitting DNA Results to the Website, you certify that you are eighteen (18.)
years of age and are not residents of the DNA-based genealogy restricted Locations and / or DNA-based health restricted Locations listed above, and you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to abide by the contents of this Agreement. its provisions and you consent to the collection and use of your DNA sample and DNA Test Results, as well as the calculation and execution of applicable DNA Test Reports by us.
In addition, you represent that any DNA sample provided by you and any information submitted by you or sent over the Internet that links an individual to its DNA Test Results is your DNA material or, solely in relation to the use of DNA Genealogy Research Services, DNA of the person for whom you are the legal guardian or for whom you have obtained lawful authorization for the DNA material provided to us.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, the use of DNA Services for law enforcement, forensic research, criminal investigations, cold case investigations, identification of unknown deceased persons, location of deceased relatives using DNA collected from a cadaver and / or similar purposes is [bold text = "strictly prohibited"], unless a court order is obtained.
In accordance with its Privacy Policy, the Company tries to protect the privacy of its clients and not to disclose research results in response to law enforcement inquiries.
These provisions apply to both DNA Testing Results generated by using the MyHeritage DNA Testing Services and DNA provided by direct upload to the Site, transfer of data from another service provider, or otherwise providing the Company with information about your DNA.
By submitting a DNA sample to MyHeritage, you consent to MyHeritage extracting DNA directly or indirectly from such DNA samples, performing a genetic analysis on that DNA sample using methods currently available and future development, and disclosing the results of research conducted through the submission of the relevant Test Reports. DNA to you and only for DNA Genealogical Reports, also to other persons you authorize and the storage of samples for additional genetic testing (e.g.
The Company may be able to develop more detailed or reliable DNA Test Results, DNA Test Reports and other results by performing additional genetic tests in the future, subject to the User's express consent to do so) and allow the User to download DNA Test Results, always in accordance with the provisions of of this Agreement and the Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that if you download your DNA Test Results: 1) it will create a copy that will not be protected by MyHeritage's security and privacy settings; 2) The user downloads and stores the results of his DNA tests after downloading them at his own risk and 3) the company will have no control over the downloaded results of DNA tests and will not be liable to the user or any third party in connection with the collection and / or storage of such results .
We do not claim any proprietary interest in DNA samples, DNA Test Results, and / or the genetic-genealogical and genetic-health information contained in DNA Test Reports.
Any genetic / genealogical or genetic / health information derived from DNA samples and / or found in DNA Test Reports remains the property of the person from whom the DNA material was collected, subject only to the rights granted to MyHeritage under this Agreement.
In addition, you understand that by providing DNA samples and / or DNA test results to the Company, you are not acquiring any rights to research or commercial products that may be developed by the Company and associated with your DNA.
At the request of the User, the Company will destroy the DNA sample provided by the User.
If you wish to have your DNA sample destroyed, please contact the Company using the contact details provided in the "Contact" section below.
In addition, you may delete your DNA Test Results and your DNA Test Reports from the Site at any time by using the Site's delete feature on the "Manage DNA Test Kits" page or request such deletion by contacting MyHeritage Customer Service.
By submitting your DNA samples and / or DNA Test Results to the Site, you grant the Company a license-free and royalty-free license to use your DNA samples, DNA Test Results and related DNA Test Reports, as well as solely for the purposes of the Services. genealogical research based on DNA, DNA samples and / or DNA test results that you provide on behalf of the person from whom you have obtained the lawful authorization referred to in this section and the associated DNA Test Reports, to the minimum extent necessary to provide the User by the Company with this service in the form of a Portal.
The license granted by the User is not unlimited in time and may be revoked as the User may at any time permanently delete his DNA Test Results and DNA Test Reports from the Site and request the Company to destroy his DNA samples.
The user hereby releases the Company from all claims, liens, demands, lawsuits or actions related to the performance of DNA tests, DNA samples, DNA test results and / or DNA test reports, including without limitation errors, omissions, claims for defamation, violation of privacy, publication rights, emotional suffering, or financial loss.
The provisions of this section shall remain in force even if the User ceases to use the Website or the DNA Testing Services.
You confirm that your provision of the DNA sample is not subject to any prohibition or restriction on exportation to the country where you are located.
You further acknowledge that, under the laws of the state or state in which you reside, you have the right to make representations as set forth in this Agreement, and expressly waives all applicable laws or regulations regarding DNA samples, DNA test results, and / or DNA test reports and retention in the state or country in which he lives.
You agree that DNA samples will be stored in the United States as set forth in this Agreement.
The Company reserves the right to reject, block, refuse to post or delete DNA Test Reports and / or DNA Test Results provided by the User or the Company after processing the User's DNA sample, or to limit, suspend or terminate this Agreement or the User's access to all or part of the Services within the scope of DNA testing at any time, for any reason or for no reason, with or without notice, and without any liability whatsoever, provided that if you have purchased the MyHeritage DNA testing kit and the Company has exercised the above-described right , The Company will reimburse the User for the cost of purchasing the DNA test kit.
Right to use DNA Testing Services
Use of and participation in DNA Testing Services is void where prohibited.
You may use the DNA Testing Services if you are eighteen (18) years of age and have the legal capacity to enter into a binding Agreement with the Company.
You may not use the DNA Testing Services if it violates any applicable local, state, or national law or regulation in your country of residence.
By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent and warrant that (a) the DNA sample and / or DNA test results submitted by you belong to you or, for DNA Genealogical Research Services only, to a person, against to whom you are lawfully authorized to provide the sample and / or DNA Test Results; (b) you are eighteenth (18th)
year of life; and (c) Your use of the DNA Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If a minor uses the DNA-based genealogy research Services, the minor's parent or legal guardian will be responsible for the minor's actions.
If, for the sole purposes of the DNA Genealogy Research Services, you provide a DNA sample of a minor, you must be the minor's parent or legal guardian and provide confirmation in writing in a format acceptable to us if requested prior to submission of the DNA Results; and Genealogy research reports based on the DNA of the relevant minor.
If you have reason to believe that you have a persistent infectious disease, disease or disorder, please do not send us your DNA sample until the disease, disease or disorder is no longer infectious or cured.
Your DNA samples may not be processed, your DNA test results and your DNA Test Reports may be removed and your membership canceled without notice if the Company believes that this Agreement or any of its provisions have been breached or broken.
Period of providing DNA testing Services
This section applies to the current or previously performed DNA Testing Services.
The User may at any time and for any reason remove DNA Test Results from the profile to which they were sent by the User or the Company.
The Company may, at any time and without notice, delete the User's DNA Test Results and / or Test Reports and / or cancel your membership.
The proprietary rights set out in this Agreement will survive even after membership is canceled.
Non-commercial use of DNA Testing Services by Members
Members may use the DNA Research Services for informational purposes for their own personal use; DNA testing services may not be used in connection with commercial or research activities, except as expressly provided or approved in writing by the Company.
Illegal and / or unauthorized use of the DNA Testing Services, including the collection of DNA Test Results and / or DNA Test Reports, is prohibited.
The Company reserves the right to protect and enforce all rights related to the provided DNA Testing Services.
Content Ownership
a.
We do not claim any ownership of the DNA samples, the results of DNA tests carried out on the basis thereof, any results of the DNA tests that you provide through the DNA Services, or the genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained in DNA Test Reports.
After the DNA Test Results are uploaded to the Site or the DNA sample is shipped to the Company, you retain all ownership of the DNA sample and related DNA Test Results, as well as the genetic information contained in the DNA Test Reports and the right to use your DNA Test Results and Reports on your DNA tests in any way you choose.
By submitting a DNA sample and / or DNA Test Results to the Site, you hereby grant MyHeritage the right to receive, use, modify, display and create derivative works from DNA samples, associated DNA Test Results, and DNA Test Reports solely for as part of the DNA Testing Services for commercial, non-commercial, and commercial purposes of MyHeritage (and its successors and affiliates); in addition, the User represents and warrants that he has the right to grant such a right.
b.
DNA Testing Services include DNA Testing Results and DNA Test Reports of Users, Members and other licensors.
Except for the content posted by the User as expressly permitted in the User's privacy settings, the User may not copy, modify, translate, publish, transmit, transmit, distribute, perform, display or sell any content on or available through the Site and / or DNA testing services.
DNA samples and DNA test results; DNA test reports
You are solely responsible for the DNA sample or samples submitted to MyHeritage, and for any DNA Test Results submitted under the DNA Testing Services, for any material or information you provide to the Company, its members, and for any interaction you have with other users.
MyHeritage does not control or endorse any activity arising from your participation in the DNA Services and, therefore, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any and all liability relating to any activity arising from your participation in the DNA Services.
The Company makes no express or implied representations about the DNA Test Results and DNA Test Reports, as well as about the reliability of the Site, DNA Testing or DNA Test Reports, their reliability, comprehensiveness, completeness, quality, timeliness, faultlessness, compatibility, security or fitness for a particular purpose.
By using the DNA Testing Services, you acknowledge that you may obtain information from DNA Test Results and DNA Test Reports that may cause a strong emotional reaction in you, and potentially change your life and views.
You may discover things about yourself that are troublesome for you or that may be beyond your control or change (e.g.
the fact that your father is not genetically your father or that your ancestry is different from what you thought or that the facts about your ancestors were surprising) or that you are more than average likely to develop an incurable disease such as Alzheimer's disease).
Once this information is obtained, awareness is irreversible.
You should not assume that any information we may give you, either now or after some advances in genetic testing, will be desirable or positive.
This information may have specific social, legal or financial implications.
In addition, the User acknowledges that the use of DNA Testing Services and the receipt of related DNA Test Reports may have serious consequences not only for himself, but also for his immediate and further family members, as part of their DNA is same.
If the User is concerned about the possible consequences of such information, he should not use the DNA Testing Services.
The genetic information you share with others may be used against your interests and therefore you should be careful when sharing it with others.
Even if you share genetic information (such as DNA Results and / or DNA Health Reports) that is irrelevant or that has limited relevance today, that information may become more meaningful in the future as new discoveries are made.
In the future, companies or insurance companies may require this information from you.
The Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act (GINA) was signed in the US in 2008.
and some, but not all, states and countries have laws that protect individuals regarding their genetic information.
Before sharing your genetic information with anyone, you may consult an attorney to find out about the legal protection of such information.
If you export your MyHeritage DNA Health data and submit it to a third party for health analysis, some genetic information not communicated to you by MyHeritage may be disclosed that has not been approved by MyHeritage, for which MyHeritage is not responsible, as DNA data for some variants may contain errors.
Exporting DNA data from MyHeritage and then transmitting it to third parties is done entirely at your own risk.
More about DNA Health Services
You may only use DNA Health Services if you are eighteen (18) years of age or older.
Health questionnaire
Before delivering your DNA Health Reports, we will ask you for your and your family's health history through a questionnaire (Health Questionnaire Information and Health Questionnaire, respectively).
The information from the questionnaire will allow us to determine whether you are eligible for some or all of the DNA Health Reports (in rare cases, generation and / or release may be refused) and whether you are eligible for some or all of the DNA Health Reports.
Such information may also enable us to provide adequate services and provide you with DNA Health Reports.
For this, you must complete the Health Questionnaire in its entirety.
Before providing information about other people, you must obtain the appropriate consent from the person whom you want to provide information in the Information for the health questionnaire.
Your Health Questionnaire Information will be stored and used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
New questions and topics may be added to the Health Questionnaire if new information is needed to update your DNA Health Reports or to generate new reports.
In this case, we may send you an e-mail.
You can remove or edit your Health Questionnaire Information by contacting Customer Service.
For more information, see the Privacy Policy.
Genetics is only part of the picture
DNA health reports provide information on genetic risk based on the assessment of specific genetic variants, but do not cover the entire genetic profile.
DNA health reports do not detect all genetic variants associated with a given disease, and the absence of a tested variant does not exclude the presence of other genetic variants that may be associated with the disease.
Moreover, in most diseases, the genes we know are only responsible for some of the overall risk.
Other factors, such as environment and lifestyle, may influence the risk of developing a given disease and, depending on the state of health, may be more important predictors.
If your data shows that you are not exposed to an increased genetic risk of a disease or health condition, you should not feel safe.
The reverse is also true; If your data indicates that you are at increased genetic risk for a disease or health condition, it does not mean that the disease or health condition will develop.
Any findings in DNA Health Reports should be confirmed and supplemented with additional medical and clinical testing and information.
Don't rely solely on DNA Health Reports
DNA Health Services are not intended to self-diagnose, prevent or treat a disease or health condition, to inform you of your current health status in the absence of medical or clinical information or to be used for medical decision making, including determining whether to take medication or not. no and in what doses.
In addition, you may need to obtain additional services from your physician, genetic therapist, or other health care provider to obtain more accurate health or disease results as identified in your DNA Health Reports.
DNA Health Services does not provide medical advice or care and is not intended to constitute a medical practice by MyHeritage or otherwise create a patient-healthcare relationship between MyHeritage and you.
DNA Health Services is used for research, information, and education purposes only.
Use of any information provided as part of DNA Health Services (including information that we can use to identify you from your DNA Health Reports and scientific literature or research) is entirely at your own risk.
DNA Health Reports should not be used as a substitute for visits to a physician or other specialist, professional medical advice, diagnosis, advice or treatment by a physician or other healthcare provider who may view your health in the broader context of medical management.
If you have any concerns or questions arising from your DNA Health Reports, or questions relating to the diagnosis, treatment, alleviation or prevention of a disease or health condition, or weakness or status of your health and / or otherwise your health, please consult your physician or other expert.
Genetic research is not comprehensive and is constantly being developed
It should be noted that many of the genetic discoveries that may appear in the DNA Health Report are not clinically confirmed, and the technology we use (the same one is used by the scientific community) has so far not been widely used in clinical trials.
In addition, due to technical differences in our test device, certain DNA Health Reports or certain variations in a specific DNA Health Report may not be available to you.
The risk presented for a variant may be calculated on the basis of ethnic groups that do not match or are not relevant to your ethnicity and therefore do not accurately reflect the risk.
In the future, the scientific community may show that previous research was incomplete or inaccurate, and future scientific research may change the interpretation of your DNA Results.
As scientific knowledge grows, our DNA Health Reports may change and reflect different results in the future.
For example, we can change the set of variations that we consider to be part of your genetic predisposition for a given health condition.
In addition, we may assign different values ​​or classes to these variations, so variants that are harmful now will be classified as benign in the future and will change your DNA Health Report.
Another example is the fact that we can change the estimated level of risk for a certain disease.
We may also add health or disease conditions after you have received DNA Health Reports, except for those conditions and diseases that are listed on the pre-purchase pages when ordering DNA Health Reports.
Other companies that offer a genetic risk test may detect different genetic variants for the same disease, so you may get different results with a test from a different company.
We can also use other mathematical tools and static frameworks to assess the presence of variation and / or the level of risk.
We reserve the right to update your DNA Health Reports based on new information, data or scientific discoveries.
We also reserve the right to notify you when a DNA Health Report changes.
Some people may feel anxious about obtaining genetic health results.
It's normal.
If you are anxious, talk to your doctor or other healthcare professional before providing your DNA sample to DNA Health Services.
We encourage you to speak to a genetic therapist, a professional with special training in genetic diseases, and / or a certified medical geneticist before delivering a DNA sample to DNA Health Services to learn more and be able to make an informed decision as to whether DNA testing is right for you.
Please note that DNA results and / or DNA Health Reports that you wish to share with your doctor or other healthcare provider may become part of your medical history and therefore become available to other healthcare providers and / or insurance companies in the future.
If an insurance company asks you if you found out about your health through genetic information and did not disclose that information, it may be considered a fraud.
Although our laboratory is licensed in Texas as a clinical laboratory, not all jurisdictions require our DNA Health Services to be licensed.
Therefore, we are not universally licensed by all state, federal or international authorities to do genetic testing for health and disease related purposes.
In addition, we do not offer our DNA Health Services in certain jurisdictions because we do not hold the required licenses.
To process orders from US-based customers, we require a referral from a physician to process and deliver DNA Health Reports to customers.
We partner with the independent network of fully licensed, certified genetic doctors and therapists, PWNHealth, LLC (www.pwnhealth.com) ("PWNHealth"), to provide physician oversight of the MyHeritage Test MyHeritage DNA Health.
For the purposes of reviewing the assessment of PWNHealth by a physician and genetic therapist, your personal information, including Personal Questionnaire Information, DNA Results and DNA Health Reports, will be shared confidentially with PWNHealth.
The fee for the PWNHealth service is collected by MyHeritage on behalf of PWNHealth and is included in the total cost of DNA Health Services.
MyHeritage DNA The MyHeritage DNA Health test is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
The FDA does not require this test to be assessed by the FDA prior to its introduction to the market.
You agree to indemnify MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensees, officers, affiliates and other parties acting on behalf of the Company, and their respective directors, representatives, partners and employees from any liability for loss, liability legal fees, claims or demands, including reasonable lawyers' fees, reported or resulting from the use of or access to the Services in the field of DNA testing by the User and the consequences of using them.
Use of data
Members or individuals who otherwise use the Website and / or DNA Genealogy Research Services may use another member's DNA Genealogy Research Reports only to the extent permitted under that member's privacy settings and limited only to Research Reports. records based on DNAs marked as available to other members.
If you download and / or publish any DNA Test Results and / or DNA Test Reports on another website or application, or use them in a different manner outside of DNA Services, please note that the Results from DNA Testing and / or DNA Test Reports will be used in accordance with the terms and conditions of such other sites and / or applications, and such use is solely at your own risk.
Protection of privacy and security
Details of our privacy practices can be found in our [link url = "https://www.myheritage.com/FP/Company/popup.php?
p = privacy_policy "title =" Privacy Policy "target =" blank "]
Limitation of Liability
Without prejudice to the "Limitation of Liability" section below (in the "Disclaimer, Limitation and Indemnification" section), DNA Testing Services are provided from Company's US facilities.
The Company makes no representations that the DNA Testing Services are appropriate or available in other countries.
Users accessing or using DNA Testing Services in other countries do so of their own free will and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Other Sections of the Site
As a Member, the User may post content in other sections of the Website, e.g.
in the help forum.
The User may also post comments on the content posted by other users.
The Company reserves the right to remove (with or without notice and without any legal, financial or other liability for this) any content or post that it believes in its sole discretion is a breach of this Agreement.
MyHeritage backup service
MyHeritage offers an optional backup service for an additional subscription fee.
The backup service is provided on the terms set out in this Agreement and the additional terms set out for this service.
Limited Portal Use License
The User is hereby licensed to use the Portal and its content solely for personal use and under the terms of this Agreement ("License").
The Portal is not intended for commercial use and the License is not for commercial use.
The Company reserves the right to cancel all or part of the Portal at any time.
Downloading some or all of the Portal's functionalities or parts of the Portal's publicly available content is prohibited.
Re-publishing content online or otherwise in the public domains is prohibited.
Violation of this License may result in the immediate termination of your membership and the taking of legal action to issue a court order prohibiting specific action, awarding damages and / or just satisfaction.
The User may use the Portal and the software made available on the Portal only online; You may not download, copy, reuse, or redistribute such software except as expressly provided in connection with such offline software and obtain the appropriate license to use such software.
Copyright
With the exception of the DNA Services set out above, the User's posting of content on the Website means that he grants the Company a non-exclusive license, free of license fees, without territorial or time restrictions, to host, copy, post and distribute such content.
Integrating MyHeritage with its partners, including
RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie do not include posting of content.
The Company never uses information provided to it from its software and website partners for any purpose other than to find content compliance and never publicly displays such information, sells it, or makes it available under license to other parties.
The Company is not licensed and does not collect such information; they are deleted automatically after a match is found.
Users of partners of the company may receive Smart Matches (matches between family trees) of other users; this feature does not work in both directions: the users of the Company will not get a Smart Match with other users of our partners of the company will not be able to see their data.
All content posted on the Site, with the exception of user contributed content, DNA test results, DNA samples, and genetic information contained in DNA Test Reports, will remain the property of the Company or third parties who have granted the Company a limited license to such content.
Content posted on family sites remains the property of the person who created the content, remains under the control of the person managing the family site on which they were posted, and is operated by the Company on the terms set out in this Agreement.
MyHeritage is copyrighted under US and Israeli copyright laws, international conventions, and other applicable copyright laws.
The user may not modify the application code of the Company's software and applications in any way.
You agree not to undertake, cause, authorize or authorize anyone to modify, create derivative works, translate, reverse engineer, compile, disassemble or hack any Company-provided application, downloadable component or part.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA")
It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that meet the applicable requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998 ("DMCA").
The DMCA provides remedies for copyright owners who have reason to believe that material displayed on the Internet infringes their copyright under US law.
To learn more about the DMCA, visit the U.S. Government's website.
praw autorskich pod adresem [link url="https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf" title="https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf" target="blank"].
If you are a copyright owner or an agent and you have good faith reason to believe that content on the Site infringes your copyright, you may submit a notification to our designated copyright agent as required by the DMCA.
copyright by traditional mail: Copyright Agent for Notice, Attention: Legal Department, MyHeritage, PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel, or by e-mail to copyright@myheritage.com.
Notice must comply with current legal requirements under the DMCA.
Please include the following information in your notification:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed by the provision of certain materials.
• Information identifying the copyrighted work that is infringed or, where multiple such works are notified on the Site, a representative list of such works.
• Information that identifies material that you believe is infringing or is subject to infringement activity and requires removal or access to which must be blocked, and sufficient information to enable MyHeritage to locate the material (the best approach is to provide URLs to quickly locate the content). ).
• Sufficient information to enable MyHeritage to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address where the complaining party can be contacted.
• A statement by the complaining party that it has a good faith belief that the material may be used in a manner that is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or applicable law.
• A statement that the information in the notification is true and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
If you are unsure of your ownership of a particular work or whether the sharing of material you are reporting actually infringes copyrights, please consult your legal counsel or other attorney as MyHeritage cannot provide legal advice.
Please note that there is a penalty for submitting unjustified complaints under the DMCA
Marketing of our Website
By registering on the Website, you agree that we may use your contact information to offer you MyHeritage products or services that may complement the products or services you have previously ordered from us.
Such promotional offers may be made by e-mail, telephone or direct mail.
If you do not wish to receive marketing offers via email, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the link provided in the email or by setting your email preferences.
Tooth.
the email preferences section of our [link url = "https://www.myheritage.com/FP/Company/popup.php?
p = privacy_policy "title =" Privacy Policy "target =" blank "].
If you do not wish to receive marketing offers by telephone or direct mail, please contact us at [mail url = "privacy@myheritage.com" title = "privacy@myheritage.com"] or request it by talking to anyone a representative of MyHeritage.
Fees and charges
Subscriptions
In addition to the basic free subscription to use the Site, MyHeritage offers paid subscription plans: Premium family site subscription, PremiumPlus family site subscription, Data subscription and Complete subscription.
All subscriptions are renewed automatically so that the User can use the service uninterruptedly.
This means that after purchasing a subscription, it will be automatically renewed and fees will be charged in the manner specified by the User for the period of using the subscription, unless the User unsubscribes or cancels it as specified in this Agreement.
Due to US regulations, paid subscription plans and purchasing options are currently unavailable to residents of the following countries: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon, and Syria.
All items and articles purchased from the Company are delivered in accordance with the shipping terms.
This means that the risk of losing the goods and the ownership of the goods passes to the User at the time of their transfer to the carrier.
1.
Cancellation of the subscription extension
You can opt out of extending any of your subscriptions by logging in and using the [link url = "https://www.myheritage.com/FP/MyOrders.php" title = "My purchases" target = "blank"], select the appropriate subscribe, click "View Details" and then "Cancel Annual Subscription Renewals" or call MyHeritage on + 1-844-994-1888 (toll-free in the US; phone numbers for other countries are available at [link url = "https://www.myheritage.com/contact-myheritage" title = "Contact" target = "blank"]).
If the User does not notify the Company at least one day before the end of the current subscription period that he wishes to cancel, the payment will be charged and the subscription extended.
2.
Free trial period
Free subscription trial period will be charged after the end of this period.
The user may cancel it at any time during the free trial period and will not be charged for it.
To unsubscribe, visit [link url = "https://www.myheritage.com/FP/MyOrders.php" title = "My purchases" target = "blank"].
On this page, select "Data subscription" or "Complete subscriptions", press "View details" and then select "Now pause free trial" for the selected subscription.
Payment details will be required to start your free trial period.
By providing your payment details and agreeing to the Terms and Conditions, you consent to MyHeritage being able to automatically begin charging you for your paid subscription upon the end of your free trial period on a recurring annual basis.
Visa cardholders will be notified by email 7 days before the end of the free trial period.
3.
Refund Policy
MyHeritage values ​​the satisfaction of its customers and offers them a thirty (30-day) money-back guarantee.
If the User is not satisfied with the purchased subscription, he may request a full refund.
To do so, he should contact [mail url = "support@myheritage.com" title = "Customer Service"] within thirty (30) days from the date of purchasing the subscription.
The money-back guarantee applies to your MyHeritage subscription (Premium, PremiumPlus, data plan or complete subscription), not to products shipped (e.g.
MyHeritage DNA test kits or family tree posters).
The funds will be returned to the credit card used to make the purchase.
It may take a while for the funds to be credited to your account.
4.
Prices subject to change
MyHeritage may change its prices from time to time.
The current prices are listed in the price list.
Prices may be subject to additional taxation and customs duties depending on the user's country.
After each payment, MyHeritage will send you an email with the details of the purchase and the amount charged.
5.
Long-term subscription renewal at a promotional price
Subscriptions purchased with the Promotional Price Guarantee ("Promotional Price Subscriptions") will be renewed at the same price as the original purchase price.
Subscription price changes will not apply to the promotional price of the subscription renewal.
A user who has a subscription at a promotional price will be entitled to the same promotional price for the entire period of its validity with each annual renewal of the subscription.
In the event of unsubscribing from renewing the subscription at the promotional price (which will result in its expiration), there is no guarantee that the User will be able to buy it in the future at the same price.
Fees for DNA Testing Services
If you have not yet registered with the MyHeritage Portal, you will need to register when you place an order for a DNA test kit.
Registration is free.
You must keep your login in order to receive your DNA Test Results and DNA Test Reports on the Site.
1.
Exchange of DNA test kits
In the event of the following situations, the User should contact the Company using the contact details provided in the "Contact" section below, and the Company will send the User a new DNA test kit free of charge to the address provided in its documentation at the time of purchase:
[ul] [li] You have not received the DNA testing kit shipped to the shipping address provided within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase.
[li] The DNA test kit has not arrived at the Company's laboratory within thirty (30) days from the date of shipment by the User.
[li] The user received a damaged DNA test kit. [/ ul]
2.
Order cancellation and refund
If the User decides to cancel the order of the DNA test kit before the DNA sample is delivered to the Company's laboratory, you are entitled to a full refund.
To cancel an order and request a refund, the User must contact the Company using the contact details provided in the "Contact" section below.
The refund will include the cost of the DNA testing kit, but will not cover shipping, customs, or import taxes.
The funds will be returned to the credit card used to make the purchase.
It may take a while for the funds to be credited to your account.
The refund does not apply to DNA test kits that are already being processed by the Company's laboratory or for which processing has already been completed.
After the DNA sample is sent to the Company's laboratory and registered, no refund is possible for the DNA testing kit.
Please note that some test procedures may be delayed for many different reasons.
The test time may vary depending on the number of orders and the quality of the biological sample.
The given timing for obtaining the results is therefore an estimate and not a guaranteed one.
3.
Repetition of DNA tests after unsuccessful processing by the Laboratory
The laboratory may not be able to process your sample and the in-house process may lead to errors.
If the testing of your DNA sample fails, we will send you a new DNA testing kit at no additional cost so that you can provide us with a new DNA sample for testing.
The DNA test kit will be shipped to the same address we have on record at the time of purchase.
Despite our high standards, a small fraction of the data generated by the laboratory process may be either uninterpretable or incorrect ("Laboratory Errors").
Due to awareness of this possibility in advance, users are not entitled to a refund in the event of such Laboratory Errors.
4.
Ability to change prices
MyHeritage may change prices at any time.
Disclaimer, Limitation and Indemnification
Disclaimer of Liability
a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, MyHeritage, its officers, intermediaries, agents, employees, licensors and affiliates will under no circumstances be liable for incorrect or inaccurate information relating to the Portal, whether or not attributable to other users. The Company's sites, members, advertisers, partners, hardware or programming related to or used on the operation of the Site or Services.
MyHeritage is not responsible for any consequences of DNA Test Results and / or DNA Test Reports, whether or not they are correct.
b.
MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct of a member or other user of the Site online or offline.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company will under no circumstances be liable for loss or damage (including loss of data, information, personal injury or death) or the consequences of loss of privacy arising from the use of the Website or Portal by any person, information posted on The Site or communicated to members or other users of the Site, both online and offline.
c.
The information, products and services available on the Portal and the Site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically introduced to the information contained therein.
d.
MyHeritage is not responsible for any errors, omissions, disruptions, deletions, defects, delayed operation or transmission, failure of communication lines, theft, destruction, unauthorized access, alteration of communication between users or members, problems or technical failure of networks or telephone lines, computer systems websites, servers or service providers, computer hardware, software, e-mail or player failure due to technical problems, overload of the Internet or other sites, or the occurrence of several of these problems at the same time.
MyHeritage and its affiliates are not responsible for damage or destruction of computer equipment belonging to a Site user, member or other person associated with the Site, or resulting from the use of the Site, browsing, playing, or downloading materials on or from the Site in other ways related to the Site.
e.
The Portal and Site are provided as is and subject to availability, and except where prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims all express or implied warranties, warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, warranties of ownership and non-infringement, and guarantees of satisfactory quality such as also guarantees that the Website will be available at a specific place or time, its uninterrupted or safe operation, the correction of errors or defects, or a guarantee that the Website is free from viruses and other harmful elements.
The company does not guarantee any specific results from the use of the Portal.
The Portal may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company does not control and is not responsible for the content, operation or practices of third party sites.
The user expressly indemnifies the Company from any liability arising from his use of third party websites or services.
We do not warrant, endorse, warrant, or assume responsibility for any particular course of events, resources, research, physician or other healthcare personnel, drugs, biologicals, medical devices or other procedures or opinions, or for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party via the Service or any website linked by a hyperlink or displayed on any banners or other advertising material that may be mentioned on the Website.
The Company will not be a party to any transaction concluded between the User and external service providers of products or services, nor will it be able to monitor such transactions.
The Company and its third party suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the content provided by the Site for any purpose.
In no event will the company or its third party service providers be liable for direct, indirect, retaliatory, special or other damages, including without limitation loss of profit, loss of data or any other type of damage under contract, tort, equity or equity. other legal basis, even if the Company has been informed about the possibility of such damage.
f.
MyHeritage may or may not review, review, inspect, delete, or edit DNA Test Results and DNA Test Reports.
Limitation of Liability
MyHeritage (or its service providers) will in no event be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, retaliatory, incidental, special or indemnifiable damages, including damages resulting from your use or inability to use the Portal or its parts, even if the Company has been informed of the possibility of such damages.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the liability of the Company (or its service providers) to the User or a third party for any reason and regardless of the form of the claim will always be limited to the amount of the fee paid to the Company by the User for using the Portal during the membership period.
The company accepts no liability arising from (i) errors, mistakes or inaccuracies in the content; (ii) personal injury or property damage of any kind resulting from the User's access to and use of the Portal; (iii) unauthorized access to the Company's servers and / or information posted on them or the use of such servers and information; (iv) disruptions or interruptions in data transmission to or from the Portal; (v) worms, viruses, Trojan horses and the like that may be transmitted on the Portal or through the Portal; and / or (vi) loss or damage of any kind suffered as a result of the User's use of the Portal, regardless of whether it results from a warranty, contract, tort or other legal basis.
The foregoing limitation of liability will apply to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction.
Some countries or states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, some of this limitation may not apply to you.
IF YOU ARE DISSATVATED WITH ANY PART OF THE PORTAL OR THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR ONLY REMEDY IS TO STOP USING THE PORTAL.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensees, officers, affiliates and other parties acting on behalf of the Company, and their respective directors, representatives, partners and employees from any liability for loss, liability legal rights, claims or demands, including reasonable lawyers' fees, reported or resulting from the use of the Portal by the User or the User's access to the Portal, breach of this Agreement and / or failure to comply with his representations and warranties specified above and / or in a situation where the information posted by the User on the Website or otherwise provided to the Company or via the Portal will result in the Company's legal liability towards the third party.
Limitation of claims for DNA Testing Services
The User acknowledges that notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in law or statute (to the extent permitted by applicable law), all claims or actions arising from or related to the use of the DNA Testing Services or this section must be brought within one (1 ) one year after the occurrence of such a claim or lawsuit, and after that date, they shall become statute-barred.
Additional Terms for Portal Members
1.
Registration and security
A.
As part of the registration process, the User must provide his e-mail address and surname and choose a password.
For the purposes of registration, the User must provide true, complete, reliable and up-to-date data.
Failure to do so is a breach of this Agreement.
You understand that you may not (i) select or use another person's name or email address with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use another person's name or email address without their authorization; (iii) provide a false year of birth or a false date of birth; or (iv) use a name or email address that the Company deems inappropriate or offensive.
B.
You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Portal, unless the laws of the country of residence or use of the Portal provide otherwise (see "Underage Users" below for more information).
Registering and logging in to the Website shall be deemed to confirm that the User is over 13 years of age.
Users between the age of 13
a 18.
age, they will be asked to provide their parent's or legal guardian's written consent to use the Portal (for more information, see "Minors" below).
C.
The User is responsible for the use of the Website and the activities on the Website carried out through his password and for keeping it secret.
The Company will never ask the User to provide the User's password to its representatives.
Passing on your password to others in order to access the Site is expressly prohibited and is a violation of this Agreement.
You agree to notify the Company by post or email to [mail url = "privacy@myheritage.com" title = "privacy@myheritage.com"] of any known or suspected misuse of your membership or known or suspected security breaches .
Any criminal or illegal abuse or activity may give rise to termination of membership at the Company's discretion, and the User may be reported to the appropriate law enforcement authorities.
2.
Changes to this Agreement and the Portal
The Company reserves the right to modify this Agreement and the Portal at any time.
Information about changing the Portal will be posted on the Website.
If the User does not accept any part of this Agreement or the amendment to this Portal Use Agreement, or if such amendment causes the User to be unable to comply with this Agreement, he should stop using the Portal.
By continuing to use the Portal now or after changes to this Agreement, you are deemed to have accepted and agree to these changes.
For this reason, it is important to check the current version of the Agreement regularly and to be kept informed of any changes.
In the event of a change in material provisions of this Agreement, the following information will be clearly placed in the footer of the Portal next to the "Regulations" link to this Agreement: "Updated".
Information about the content "Updated" will be deleted after 30 days or when the User enters the page with the updated Regulations, whichever comes first.
3.
Underage Users
Except for DNA Testing Services (see "Right to Use DNA Testing Services" in "DNA Testing Services" above), you must be 13 years of age or older to create a MyHeritage account.
In some countries, the required age may be higher.
Providing false information in order to create an account is always a breach of this Agreement.
This also applies to accounts registered on behalf of children under the age of 13.
years of age by the elderly.
If a minor child of the User (i.e.
child under 13
age) has created an account on MyHeritage, the User can show him how to delete this account by logging in to it, selecting "Account Settings" in the account menu in the upper-right corner of the screen, and then clicking "Delete My Account".
To report to the Company that an account has been registered for a minor child, please send details to [mail url = "privacy@myheritage.com" title = "privacy@myheritage.com"].
The company will immediately delete the reported account of a child under the age of 13.
age.
In some countries, the Portal (with the exception of DNA Testing Services) requires account creators to be 13 years of age or older.
The company endeavors to provide services worldwide according to uniform standards, but is also committed to complying with local laws.
Under the laws of Spain, Israel and South Korea, the Company requires that residents of these countries must be 14 years of age or older before they can create an account and be able to use the Portal (but not DNA Services).
If a minor child of the User (i.e.
child under 14
age) residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea have created an account on MyHeritage, the User can show him how to delete his account by logging in to it, selecting "Account Settings" in the account menu in the upper-right corner of the screen, and then clicking "Delete my account".
To report to the Company that an account has been registered for a minor residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea, please send details to [mail url = "privacy@myheritage.com" title = "privacy@myheritage.com"].
The company will immediately delete the reported account of a child under the age of 14.
age.
4.
Minors
Except for DNA Testing Services (see "Right to use DNA Testing Services" in "DNA Testing Services" above), minors (i.e.
those under the age of 18) may use the Portal, provided that they are not minors (see section "Underage Users" above) and provided that they have obtained consent to use the Portal from their parent or guardian ("Consent").
Minors are not allowed to use the Portal without such consent until they are 18 years of age.
In some countries, the Portal may display a special mandatory consent form for a parent or guardian when a user who is considered a minor registers or logs in on the Portal.
In the consent form, the parent or guardian is required to enter their full name and e-mail address, as well as check the boxes with the declaration of being a parent or guardian of a minor, accept this Agreement and the privacy policy of the Website and take responsibility for the use of the Website by a minor.
If the consent form appears, the use of the Portal is impossible until this form is completed.
If you are not a minor, you can make such a declaration on the form and enter the correct year of birth.
After completing and submitting the consent form, the Portal will process the information from the Consent, but will no longer use the data of the parent or guardian provided in the form.
Disputes and governing law
This Agreement and any dispute relating to the Portal shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
You acknowledge that any legal proceedings relating to the conclusion, performance and / or enforcement of this Agreement will be brought exclusively to the courts of Tel Aviv, Israel.
The User assumes that the Portal will be considered passive and does not grant the User any right to personal jurisdiction over MyHeritage, other than specific or general jurisdiction, in other countries outside of Israel.
Should it prove (which is unlikely) that the Company will not be able to resolve the dispute with the User amicably, all claims must be brought solely in its own name and not as a plaintiff or party to a class action dispute in an implied class action.
The User acknowledges that by entering into this Agreement, the User and the Company are waiving their right to participate in a class action.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement, together with the target = Privacy Policy, DNA Informed Consent ("Consent to Research) and other legal notices or terms posted by MyHeritage on the Site, will constitute the entire agreement between you and MyHeritage with respect to the Site and Portal.
Failure by the Company to use or comply with any provision of this Agreement and / or Informed consent shall not constitute a waiver of the right to exercise such right or provision or its execution.
The section titles in this Agreement are for information only and have no legal or contractual effect.
This Agreement and / or Informed Consent will be effective to the fullest extent permitted by law.
If any provision of this Agreement and / or the Informed Consent is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it will be deemed to be excluded from this Agreement and / or Informed Consent and will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
You may not assign or assign this Agreement or the rights and licenses granted hereunder, but the Company is unlimited in so doing.
Any such transfer or assignment in breach of this Agreement will be void.
If the Company provides this Agreement translated from English into another language, in the event of any discrepancy between the different language versions, the English version of this Agreement will prevail.
Contact
Any questions or concerns regarding this Agreement, the Site, Portal or related matters may be directed to the Company in writing at the address provided below or see section [link url = "https://www.myheritage.pl/help-center" title = "Help Center" target = "blank"].
customer service office
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel
[link url="https://www.myheritage.com" title="https://www.myheritage.com" target="blank"]
