Ryanair Website Terms of Use
1.
General provisions
The owner of this website is Ryanair DAC, an Irish company registered with number 104547, whose registered office is at Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co.
Dublin, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Ryanair").
By using this website, the user agrees to be bound by these Terms, in particular the provisions contained in paragraph
3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 below.
If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you must not and will not use this site.
2.
Exclusive online distribution channel
This site is the only website authorized to sell Ryanair Group flights (Ryanair Group's own Ryanair DAC, Ryanair SUN, Ryanair UK and Laudamotion), both individually and with other services.
Price comparison websites may ask Ryanair to enter into a written license agreement which allows access to Ryanair Group airline information on prices, flights and schedules for price comparison purposes only.
3.
Permitted use
This website may not be used other than for personal and non-commercial purposes.
Use of any automated systems or software to obtain data from this website for commercial purposes (so-called
screen scraping ") is prohibited.
Ryanair reserves the right to take all necessary actions, including legal action, in response to any unauthorized use of this website, without prior notice to the user.
It is strictly forbidden to use any system or automated software to obtain data from this website for commercial purposes ("screen scraping", lit.
scraping off the screen '), whether or not it is handled by third parties.
4.
Reservation of all rights to ensure permitted and / or prevent unauthorized use.
Ryanair reserves all rights to take action it deems necessary against all parties involved in any unauthorized use of the website, without prior notice, in order to protect its rights and prevent any unauthorized use of the website, including the use of blocking technologies (which itself , automatically performs searches of third party websites, screen scraping, thereby causing third parties to scrape the screen of Ryanair's website, thereby violating the terms of use of third party websites or similar actions) and / or instituting legal proceedings.
5.
Permission to Ryanair to investigate violations.
Ryanair reserves the absolute right to make any necessary investigations (whether through technology or otherwise) for a breach of these Terms of Use.
By accessing this website, you consent to any necessary investigations by Ryanair to prevent unauthorized use of this website.
6.
Intellectual property
All information, data and materials made available on this website (including but not limited to
names, logos, timetables and price lists, as well as the colors and layout of the website) are protected by copyright, trademark rights, database rights or other intellectual property rights.
The user may use said information, data and materials as long as it is necessary for the permitted use of the website for personal and non-commercial purposes.
Any other reproduction or use of this information, data or material without prior written consent from Ryanair is prohibited, will constitute a breach of these Terms and may infringe Ryanair's intellectual property rights.
7.
Links to this website
You may not link to or operate any links to this website without the prior written consent of Ryanair.
8.
Limited Liability
Ryanair shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the use of (i) this website or any other websites to which this website is linked, or (ii) information provided on this and such other websites.
9.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
A prerequisite for using any Ryanair Group website, including access to flight details, costs etc.
is the transfer by such party (including any party accessing such information or facilities on its own behalf or on behalf of others) of the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Ireland and compliance with the law in that jurisdiction (unless applicable consumer law provides otherwise) .
At Ryanair's absolute and unconditional discretion, it may bring legal action against any party in breach of these Terms in Ireland or where the breach or domicile of that party and, if more than one party, the domicile of either party and the other parties will be subject to this jurisdiction.
For the sake of clarity, if a passenger, person carried or to be carried in connection with a contract of carriage with a Ryanair Group airline, wishes to take legal action against the Ryanair Group under that contract of carriage, then the proceeding should be performed by a passenger only in accordance with the Montreal Convention of 1999 and EU regulation No. 2027/1997 (including changes introduced by regulation No. 889/2002) or such future amendments to the Montreal Convention or regulations as may be introduced over time.
