Snap Group Limited Terms of Service
(for non-US users)
Effective Date: January 10, 2017
Welcome!
We are delighted that you intend to use Snapchat and our other products and services, all of which are collectively referred to as "Services".
We have drawn up these Terms of Service (referred to by us as the "Terms") in order to inform you about the rules governing the relationship between us.
While every effort has been made to keep the Terms and Conditions in plain language, some parts of the Terms have the wording typical of traditional contracts.
There is a good reason for that: these Terms do in fact constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Snap Group Limited.
Therefore, please read them carefully.
By using the Services, you consent to the Terms.
If you do not give your consent, you should not use the Services.
These Terms will apply to you if you live outside of the United States or use the Services on behalf of a non-US based legal entity.
If you live in the United States or use the services on behalf of a US-based legal entity, Snap Inc.'s Terms and Conditions apply.
ARBITRATION NOTICE: IF YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A LEGAL PERSON, THE LEGAL PERSON IS BINDED BY AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE HEREIN.
1.
Persons authorized to use the Services
Persons under the age of 13 may not create an account or use the Services.
We may offer additional Services with additional conditions making their use a higher age.
Therefore, please read all terms carefully
By using the Services, you acknowledge that:
It is in a position to enter into a binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
He is not a person excluded from the group of persons who may be recipients of the Service under the law of the United States, Great Britain or the applicable law of another country.
This means that the user cannot be on the list of entities subject to sanctions.
Specially Designated Nationals ”) maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or be otherwise subject to a similar prohibition.
It will comply with these Terms and all local, state, national and international laws, regulations, and rules.
If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other entity, you acknowledge that you are authorized to grant all licenses set out in these Terms and agree to the Terms on behalf of that enterprise or entity.
2.
Rights granted to you
Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, area-unlimited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable license, free of charge and non-sublicensable, to access and use the Services.
The sole purpose of the license is to allow you to enjoy the benefits of the Service as permitted by these Terms and our usage guidelines, e.g.
Community guidelines.
Software provided to you may automatically download and install new versions, updates, and other features.
The user may be able to configure automatic download in the device settings.
You may not copy, modify, reproduce, sell, or lease any part of our Services, or reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of the software, unless such restriction is prohibited by law or you have obtained our written permission to do so.
3.
User Granted Rights
Many Services allow users to create, upload, post and store content.
If you use these features, you will retain all original ownership rights to the content, but grant us a license to use them.
The scope of the license depends on the specific Services and selected settings.
For all Services other than Live, Local or other crowdsourced services, you provide Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and its affiliates with a territorially unlimited, free, transferable license and sublicensing right to host, store, use, display, duplicate, modify, adapt, edit, publish and distribute content for as long as you use the Services.
The license is granted for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting and improving the Services, and researching and developing new Services.
Because Live, Local, and other crowdsourced services are public services by nature and document events of interest to the public, the license you grant to us for the content you upload to these Services is broader.
In addition to the permissions set out in the preceding paragraph, you also license us to create derivative works, promote, exhibit, transmit, distribute, sublicense, publicly perform and publicly display content uploaded to Live, Local and other crowdsourced services in any content and on all media and distribution methods (known now or developed later).
To the extent that it is necessary, when the user creates, uploads or publishes content on the Live, Local service or other service using crowdsourcing or appears in such content, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. also provides,
entities associated with them and business partners with an unlimited object and territorial license to use the user's name and surname, image and voice.
This means, among other things, that you are not entitled to any compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
their affiliates and business partners if their name, image or voice appears on Live, Local or any other crowdsourced service, whether in the Snapchat app or on the platform of one of our business partners.
Additional information on third party access to user content can be found in the Privacy Policy and Support page.
While we are not obligated to do so, we may check, review, filter and remove your content at any time and for any reason, including if we believe that your content violates these Terms.
Regardless of this, you are solely responsible for the content that you create, upload, post or store on the Services.
The Services may contain advertising.
In return for enabling you to access and use the Services, you agree that Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
its affiliates and third party partners may place advertisements on the Services, including personalized advertisements based on information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected or obtained from you.
Because the Services contain content that you and other users provide to us, advertisements may, from time to time, appear near your content.
The opinions of our users are very valuable to us.
However, those who voluntarily provide feedback or suggestions should be aware that we may use them without any compensation whatsoever.
4.
Other People's Content.
Most of the content on our Services is created by users, publishers and other third parties.
Regardless of whether they are posted publicly or sent privately, the person or organization that posted them is solely responsible for them.
While Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review any content that appears on the Services and remove any content that violates these Terms, it does not necessarily review all of them.
Therefore, it cannot and is not responsible for the content provided via the Services by other persons.
We make it clear in these Community Terms and Conditions that we do not wish to misuse the Services.
However, if we do not browse all content, we cannot guarantee that content on the Services will always comply with our Terms or Guidelines.
5.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
You can find out about how we process your personal data when you use the Services by reading the Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to carefully review the Privacy Policy, as by using our Services you consent to the collection and processing of your data by Snap Group Limited UK and Snap Inc.
in the USA, and their affiliates, and to transfer them outside of your country of residence, including countries where data protection laws may differ from those in your country of residence.
6.
Respecting the rights of others
Snap Group Limited respects the rights of others.
Therefore, the User may not use the Services in a way that:
violates the right to image, right to privacy, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights belonging to third parties,
constitutes bullying, harassment or intimidation,
defames
consists in spamming or soliciting other users.
You must also comply with the legal rights of Snap Group Limited and its affiliates, including Snap Inc.
These Terms do not grant you the right to:
use of brands, logos, designs, photos, videos and other materials used in our Services,
copy, archive, download, upload, distribute, distribute, broadcast, perform, display, share or otherwise use any part of the Services or content on the Services, except as provided in these Terms.
use the Services, tools provided as part of the Services or content on the Services for commercial purposes without our consent.
Summary: you may not use the Services or content on the Services in a manner that is not permitted by these Terms and may not assist third parties in such use.
7.
Respect for copyrights
We comply with the laws on copyright.
We therefore take reasonable steps to remove material that infringes the rights of others from our services as soon as possible if we are notified of such material.
If Snap Group Limited becomes aware that one of its users is regularly infringing copyright, we will use reasonable efforts, based on our ability, to close their account.
We enable users to easily report suspected copyright infringement.
If you suspect that any content on the Services infringes any copyrights you own or manage, please complete this form.
Alternatively, you can send a notification to our agent:
Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291
email: copyright@snap.com
Notification sent to the agent for
copyright must:
contain a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner,
identify a copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed
identify material that is allegedly infringing or is subject to infringement, which is to be removed or blocked, and information is reasonably sufficient to enable us to locate that material,
contain contact details of the applicant, including address, telephone number and e-mail address.
provide a personal statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
contain a statement confirming the accuracy of the information contained in the notification and, under pain of liability for making false statements, authorizing the applicant to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
8.
Security
We make every effort to make the Services a safe place for all users.
However, we cannot guarantee such security.
By using the Services, you agree to the following restrictions:
You will not use the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by these Terms.
You will not use robots, spiders, crawlers, scrapers, or other automated methods or interfaces to access or extract the data of other users from the Services.
You will not use or develop third party applications that communicate with the Services or other users' content and data without our written consent
You will not use the Services in a way that may interfere with, interfere with, adversely affect, or prevent them from fully using the Services, or that may damage, disable, overload or limit the operation of the Services.
You will not use or attempt to use another user's account, username or password without their consent.
The user will not ask other users for their credentials.
You will not post content that contains pornography, gross violence, threats, hate speech or incitement to violence.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
You will not attempt to circumvent any content filtering methods we use or access areas and features of the Services for which you are not authorized.
You will not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Services, systems and networks to attack.
You will not encourage or promote any action by anyone else in breach of these Terms.
We also take care of the user's safety when using the Services.
Therefore, do not use them in a way that may distract attention and result in violation of road traffic or safety regulations (eg.
while driving the vehicle).
Also, don't put yourself or others at risk to create a Snap.
9.
User's account
You are responsible for all activities performed under your Snapchat account.
It is therefore important that the account is properly secured.
One method of security is to set a strong password that has not been used previously on other accounts.
By using the Services, you agree that, in addition to using common sense:
The user will not create more than one account for himself.
You will not create another account if the previous one has been blocked by us, unless you have obtained our written consent.
You will not buy, sell, rent, or lease a Snapchat, Live, Snaps account, Snapchat account name, or a friend link without our written consent.
The user will not share his password with other people.
You will not log into the Services or attempt to access them through any unauthorized third-party application or client.
If you believe someone has accessed your account, please contact Snapchat Support immediately
10.
Memories
Memories is our data storage service that allows you to access your memories anytime and anywhere.
Memories is automatically turned on when you agree to these Terms.
Once enabled, the service remains on as long as you have a Snapchat account.
However, it is possible to disable some Memories features in Settings.
One of the options available in Memories is to create a restricted area by setting an access code in the form of a PIN, password, or other mechanism.
The effect is similar to the option to block a mobile device; By setting a passcode, you are less likely to be able to see the content that is stored in your Memories Restricted Area when someone else possesses your device.
But be warned: if you lose your access code, forget it, or enter the wrong code too many times, you will lose access to the content stored in the restricted area.
We do not offer a code recovery function for this area.
The user is solely responsible for remembering the code.
More information about access codes can be found on the Support page.
Content that you have saved on Memories may become inaccessible for a number of reasons, such as a service glitch or our decision to terminate your account.
As we cannot promise that your content will always be available, we recommend that you keep a separate copy of the content you save on Memories.
We do not promise that Memories will be large enough to meet your storage needs.
We reserve the right to set space limits on the Memories Service and to change them from time to time at our sole discretion.
As with other Services, your use of Memories may consume space on your device and incur data transmission charges.
Memories cannot be resold.
This means that the user cannot use this service to run his own file storage or distribution service for third parties.
11.
Data and cell phone charges
You are responsible for mobile network transmission charges that you may incur when using our Services, including SMS and data charges.
If you are unsure of what these fees are, please check with your mobile provider prior to using the Services.
If a user changes or deactivates the mobile number they used to create their Snapchat account, they must update their account details in Settings within 72 hours to prevent messages targeting them from reaching someone else.
12.
Third party services
If you use a service, feature, or functionality provided by a third party and made available through our Services (including Services that we offer jointly with a third party), the relationship between you and that third party is governed by that third party's terms.
Snap Group Limited i Snap Inc.
are not responsible for the conditions of third parties or actions taken on their basis.
13.
Modification and Termination of Services
We constantly improve our Services and create new ones.
This means that we can add or remove features, products and functionality from them, and suspend or suspend them entirely.
We may take these actions at any time, and if so, we will try to inform you in advance, although this may not always be possible.
While we hope that you will enjoy Snapchat for many years, you may terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your account.
Snap Group Limited may also terminate these Terms at any time for any reason.
Although we will try to inform you in advance, we cannot guarantee that we will succeed.
Our right to terminate these Terms means that we may stop providing you with the Services, or impose new or additional restrictions on your ability to use the Services.
For example, we may delete your user account for extended inactivity and block your username at any time for any reason.
Regardless of who terminates these Terms, both you and Snap Group Limited will remain bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 13-22 of the Terms.
14.
Indemnification
You agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify and protect Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
related entities, their board members, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents against all complaints, allegations, claims, damages, losses, costs, receivables and expenses (including professional attorney's fees) caused by, related to or resulting from any way of (a) your use of or access to the Services; (b) user content; and (c) your breach of these Terms.
15.
Disclaimers
While we strive to ensure that the Services are always available and not inconvenient, we cannot promise that we will achieve this goal.
These Services are provided without any guarantees of quality and availability and, to the extent permitted by law, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, uninterrupted use and non-infringement of third party rights; or guarantees resulting from commercial practice.
In addition, while Snap Group Limited endeavors to provide you with your user experience, we do not represent or warrant that: (a) the Services will always be secure, error free or up to date; (b) the Services will operate without interruptions, disruptions or inaccuracies at all times; or (c) the content, user content, or information obtained on or through the Services is current or accurate.
Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and their affiliates do not accept or be responsible for any content that you, another user or a third party creates, sends, posts, receives or stores on or through the Services.
You understand and agree that you may encounter content that is offensive, illegal, misleading or otherwise inappropriate for which Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and their affiliates will in no event be held liable.
16.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
their related entities and their board members, shareholders, employees, affiliates, licensors and suppliers are not liable for indirect, incidental, special, consequential, multiple or punitive damages, direct or indirect loss of profits or revenues data, usability, reputation or other intangible losses arising from: (a) your use or inability to use the Services; (b) accessing or inability to access the Services; (c) the behavior or content of other users or third parties on or through the Services; (d) unauthorized access to, use, or alteration of your content, even though Snap Group Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The collective responsibility of Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
or their affiliates for all claims relating to the Services will in no case exceed the amount paid by you to Snap Group Limited in the last 12 months or £ 100, whichever is greater.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain kinds of damages, so some of the exclusions and limitations in this section may not apply to you.
17.
Dispute settelement.
Arbitration.
In case of problems, we encourage you to talk about them.
The user should contact us first and we will do our best to resolve the issue.
Some of our Services may be subject to additional terms that include dispute resolution provisions specific to your country of residence.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a legal entity (and not for your personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that, to the extent permitted by law, all disputes and claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Services will be finally resolved in accordance with with the LCIA Arbitration Rules, which is incorporated herein by reference.
The dispute is settled by one arbitrator (appointed by the LCIA), the place of arbitration is London and the arbitration is conducted in English.
If you do not agree to this section, you may not use the Services.
18.
Choice of court
To the extent parties are permitted to take legal action under these Terms, both you and Snap Group Limited agree that all disputes and claims (contract or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your use of the Services related will be settled in legal proceedings only in the English courts, unless prohibited by the law of the country in which you live.
You and Snap Group Limited agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts.
19.
Governing Law
These Terms and all disputes and claims (contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the use of the Services are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
The courts of certain countries may refuse to apply the laws of England and Wales to certain disputes relating to these Terms.
If you live in one of those countries, the laws of that country may apply to these disputes.
20.
Partial invalidity
In the event that any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, that provision will be severed from the Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
21.
Additional Terms for Specific Services
Due to the wide range of our Services, from time to time we have to draw up additional conditions for some of them.
These additional terms, provided with the applicable Service, become part of the contract between you and us if you use these Services.
In the event that additional terms conflict with these Terms, they will take precedence.
22.
Final Provisions
These Terms (including any additional terms applicable to the specific Services you use) constitute the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede all previous agreements.
These Terms do not create or confer any third party rights.
Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be considered an exclusion.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You may not transfer your rights and obligations under these Terms without our consent.
https://web.archive.org/web/20170912090637/https://www.snap.com/pl-PL/terms/
