Terms of use
What's in the Terms of Service?
The index is intended to help you familiarize yourself with the Terms of Service (called the Terms).
We hope you find our tips useful.
Regardless of this, however, please read the full version of the Terms.
Welcome to YouTube!
This section contains the rules that govern our relationship.
It contains a description of the Service, a definition of the Agreement and an indication of the service provider.
Who can use the Service?
This section specifies some requirements for using the Service and defines the user category.
Use of the Service
This section describes the User's rights to use the Service and the terms and conditions associated therewith.
It also presents the rules for making changes to the Service.
User Content and Behavior
This section applies to users who provide Content to the Service.
This section defines the scope of the rights that the User grants by submitting his Content, and includes the User's obligation not to submit anything that would violate the rights of other people.
Suspension and closure of the account
This section contains information on how to end the relationship between YouTube and the User.
Software in the Service
This section details the software in the Service.
Other legal conditions
This section contains our service commitment to Users.
It also explains that we are not responsible for certain things.
Agreement Information
This section provides further relevant information about the contract, including what to expect when changes to the Terms of Service are required, and which laws apply to it.
Terms of use
Date: January 5, 2022
TERMS OF USE OF THE SERVICE
Welcome to YouTube!
Introduction
Thank you for using YouTube and its products, services and features (collectively, the "Service").
Our Service
The Service enables users around the world to discover, watch, and share videos and other content.
It is also a forum where users can contact each other, share information and inspire each other.
It also acts as a distribution platform for original content for creators and advertisers large and small.
You can find a lot of information about our services and how to use them in the Help Center.
There are, among others
Information about YouTube Kids, the YouTube Partner Program, and YouTube paid subscriptions and purchases.
You can also read all about using your content on other devices, such as your TV, game console, and even the Google home page.
Service provider
The entity providing the Service in the European Economic Area and Switzerland is Google Ireland Limited, a company registered and operating in accordance with Irish law (registration number: 368047), with its registered office at: Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "YouTube "," We "," us "or" our ").
References to "YouTube Affiliates" in these terms mean other companies within the Alphabet Inc. corporate group.
Applicable Conditions
Your use of the Service is subject to these terms, YouTube's Community Guidelines, and its policies, security, and copyright (collectively, the "Agreement").
If you use the advertising or sponsorship features of the Service or include paid promotions in your Content, your YouTube User Agreement will also govern YouTube advertising policies.
Please read this Agreement carefully and make sure you understand it.
If the User does not understand the Agreement or does not accept any part of it, he cannot use the Service.
Who can use the Service?
Age requirements
You may use the Service if you are 16 or older, but children of any age may use the Service and YouTube Kids (if available) with the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Parent or guardian consent
If the User is under 18 years of age, he or she must have the consent of a parent or legal guardian to use the Service.
The parent or legal guardian should read this Agreement.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a User under the age of 18, allowing a child to use the Service, you are subject to this Agreement and you are responsible for your child's activity in the Service.
You can find tools and resources to help you manage YouTube for your family (including how to enable a child under 16 to use the Service and YouTube Kids) in our Help Center and in the Family Link app.
Companies
If you use the Service on behalf of a company or organization, you acknowledge that you are authorized to act on behalf of that entity, and that entity accepts this Agreement.
Use of the Service
Content on the Service
Content on the Service includes videos, sound files (e.g., music and other sounds), graphics, photos, text (e.g.
comments and scripts), brand elements (including trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos), interactive features, software, metrics and other materials (collectively, "Content").
Content may be provided and distributed by our users to the Service, and YouTube is the hosting provider for such Content.
Responsibility for the Content lies with the person or entity that makes it available on the Service.
If you discover Content that you believe does not comply with these terms, for example, in violation of our Community Guidelines or applicable law, you may report it to us.
Google accounts and YouTube channels
You may use parts of the Service, such as browsing and searching for Content, without having a Google Account.
However, a Google account is required to use some features.
A user with a Google Account can click the Like button below the videos, subscribe to channels, create their own YouTube channels, and more.
Instructions for creating a Google account can be found here.
To be able to upload videos, add comments or create playlists, the User must create a YouTube channel.
Instructions on how to create your own YouTube channel can be found here.
To ensure the security of your Google Account, please keep your password confidential.
Do not use your Google Account password with third-party applications.
Learn more about securing your Google Account, including actions to take in the event of unauthorized use of your Google password or account.
User data
In our Privacy Policy, we explain how we treat your personal data and how we protect your privacy when using the Service.
YouTube Kids Privacy Notice provides additional information on our YouTube Kids privacy policy.
We will process all audio and audiovisual content uploaded by the User in accordance with YouTube's Data Processing Terms.
Exceptions are content submitted as part of a personal or home activity.
More information
Permissions and restrictions
Access to the Service and its use as provided are possible subject to compliance with this Agreement and applicable law.
It is possible to play the Content (films and music) for private purposes that are not related to any commercial activity.
You can also display YouTube videos on your website using the embedded YouTube player.
However, the following restrictions apply to your use of the Service.
The user may not:
access or otherwise duplicate, download, distribute, transmit, display, sell, license, alter, modify or otherwise use any part of the Service or any Content, unless you do so: (a) as permitted in the Service; (b) with the prior written consent of YouTube and, where applicable, the relevant rights holders; or (c) in accordance with applicable law;
bypass, disable, unfairly exploit or otherwise interfere with the Service (or attempt to achieve any of these), including security features of the Service or features that (a) prevent or restrict the copying or other use of the Content, or ( b) limit the use of the Service or the Content;
access the Service by any automated means (such as robots, botnets or scrapers), unless (a) public search engines are involved, as per YouTube's robots.txt file, (b) with YouTube's prior written consent; or (c) in accordance with applicable law;
collect or use any information that may identify an individual (for example, collect usernames or facial images), unless the individual has consented or is permitted to do so pursuant to section 3 above;
use the Service to distribute unwanted promotional or commercial content or other unwanted or mass mailing material (spam);
cause any inaccurate measurements of or encourage users' genuine engagement with the Service, including by paying or encouraging users to increase their views, positive or negative ratings, or increase channel subscribers or otherwise manipulate data;
misuse the processes established in connection with reports, complaints, disputes or appeals, including by sending unsubstantiated, annoying or frivolous information;
organize contests on or through the Service that do not comply with YouTube's Contest Rules and Guidelines;
use the Service to view or listen to the Content not only for personal and non-commercial use (for example, you may not broadcast movies to the public or stream music through the Service);
use the Service to (a) sell advertising, sponsorship, or promotional services provided through or as part of the Service or Content, other than permitted by YouTube's Advertising policies (for example, consistent with product placement policies); (b) the sale of advertising, sponsorship, or promotional services on any page of any website or application that exclusively contains Content derived from the Service, or where Content derived from the Service is the primary source of such sales (for example, advertising sales on a site where YouTube videos are the only content of value) ).
Reservation
Any rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement remain those of YouTube or their respective holders.
This means, for example, that your use of the Service does not give you any intellectual property rights to the Content available (including any brand used or displayed on the Service).
Developing, improving and updating the Service
YouTube is constantly changing and improving the Service.
As part of the continuous development of our digital content and services, we may make modifications or changes (to all elements of the Service), e.g.
We add or remove various features, introduce new digital content and services, or retire old ones.
We may also make changes to the Service for the following reasons: to adapt it to new technologies; to reflect an increase or decrease in the number of people who use a particular product, service or feature; to respond to the most important changes in the licenses and terms of cooperation with other entities; to prevent abuse or harm; to respond to legal and regulatory issues, or safety or security issues.
In particular, we sometimes carry out legally required updates, i.e. make changes to make digital content, digital services or goods legal.
We make these updates to digital content and services for security or protection reasons and to ensure that they meet your expected quality standards, such as those described in YouTube's Responsibility for Conformity with Contract section below.
We may install updates that relate to significant security risks automatically.
For other updates, the user can choose whether or not to install them.
Before we change the service or stop offering any of its elements, we carefully consider your interests and your legitimate expectations, as well as the potential impact of the planned change on all users.
We only change the Service or stop offering any of its components for good reasons.
If a change makes it difficult to access or use the Service, we will notify you in advance in an e-mail containing a description of the changes and the date of their implementation.
We will also inform you of your right to terminate your contract with us if the changes have a negative impact more than negligible.
This does not apply to emergencies, such as preventing fraud or harm, responding to legal requirements, or responding to safety and service issues.
We will also allow you to export your content using Google Takeout (in accordance with applicable rules and law).
User Content and Behavior
Submitting Content
If you have a YouTube channel, you can upload and use Content to the Service to promote your business, including your artistic activities.
However, it may not upload Content to the Service that does not comply with this Agreement or the law.
For example, the Content you submit may not contain material protected by third party intellectual property rights (such as copyright), unless you are authorized or legally authorized to do so by them (including through any available copyright or related rights exceptions or limitations). provided for in European Union law).
You are legally responsible for Content uploaded to the Service.
We may use automated Content analysis systems to detect violations and abuses such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Rights granted to YouTube
You retain all proprietary rights to your Content.
In short, the user's property still remains.
However, we do require the granting of certain rights to YouTube and other users of the Service, as described below.
License for YouTube
By submitting Content on the Service, You are granting YouTube a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable license to use this Content (including reproduction, distribution, modification, display and performance) to operate, promote and improve the Service.
License for other users
The User also grants each other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive and free license to use its Content as part of the Service (including its reproduction, distribution, modification, display and performance) only to the extent permitted under the Service.
Duration of the license
Licenses granted will remain in effect until the Content is removed as described below.
Upon deletion, the licenses will expire, except where the Service requires the use of previously consented Content, or where otherwise provided for by law.
For example, removal of User Content does not require YouTube (a) to withdraw Content used by other users as part of the Service's limited offline viewing functionality, or (b) to remove legitimate copies that are kept for legal purposes.
The right to earn
You grant YouTube the right to monetize your Content on the Service (monetization may include displaying ads on or in the Content or charging users for access).
This Agreement does not entitle you to receive any payments.
From June 1, 2021
any payments you will be entitled to receive from YouTube pursuant to any other agreement between you and YouTube (for example, as part of the YouTube Partner Program, Channel Support or Super Chat) will be treated as royalties.
If required by law, Google will levy taxes on these payments.
User Removal of Content
The User may remove Content from the Service at any time.
You can also make a copy of your Content before deleting it.
You must remove the Content if you have lost any rights required under these terms.
Removal of User Content by YouTube
If we reasonably believe that any User Content (1) violates this Agreement (2) or may harm YouTube, our users or third parties, we reserve the right to remove some or all of such Content.
We will notify you of the reasons why we act, unless we reasonably believe that: (a) it violates any law or enforcement authority guidance or otherwise exposes YouTube or our Affiliates to legal liability; (b) jeopardize the threat or integrity checking process or the operation of the Service; or (c) will cause harm to any user, third party, YouTube or YouTube Affiliate.
For more information on problem reporting and policy enforcement, please visit the Help Center.
Community Guidelines Violation Alerts
YouTube has an alert system for Content that violates YouTube's community guidelines.
Each warning has various limitations and may lead to the permanent removal of the User's YouTube channel.
A detailed description of how alerts affect your channel is available on the Community Guidelines Alerts Overview page.
If the User determines that the warning was granted in error, he can appeal here.
If the functionality of a User's channel has been restricted as a result of a warning, the User may not use another channel to circumvent these restrictions.
Failure to do so is a material breach of this Agreement, and Google reserves the right to terminate your Google Account or restrict your access to some or all of the Service.
Copyright protection
We provide information to help copyright owners manage their intellectual property online in our YouTube Copyright Center.
If you believe that your copyrights have been infringed on our Service, you can notify us.
We will respond to notifications of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the procedure outlined in our YouTube Copyright Center, where you will also find information on how to resolve the copyright infringement notice.
YouTube's policies provide for the ability to close, where applicable, an account belonging to a user who regularly violates the Service's terms of use.
Suspension and closure of the account
Closing the account by the User
The User may stop using the Service at any time.
He may also delete his Google account from the Service at any time, which will result in the closure of the YouTube channel and the deletion of data, after possible earlier copying.
YouTube closure and suspension for legitimate reasons
YouTube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account, or suspend or block your access to all or part of the Service if (a) you repeatedly or materially breach this Agreement, (b) it is required to comply with the law, or enforcement of a court order, or (c) we have reasonable cause to believe that there has been conduct that results in liability or damage to any User, third party, YouTube or our Affiliates.
Notification of account termination or suspension
YouTube will notify you of the reason why your account has been closed or suspended, unless we have reasonable grounds to believe that: (a) it violates the law or the guidance of an enforcement authority; (b) jeopardize the hazard checking process; (c) threaten the integrity, operation or security of the Service; or (d) will cause harm to any user, third party, YouTube or our Affiliate.
Effect of account suspension or closure
If your Google Account is terminated or access to the Service is restricted, you may continue to use certain aspects of the Service (such as browsing) without an account, and this Agreement will continue to apply to such use.
If the User believes that the closure or suspension was made in error, he may revoke using this form.
Software in the Service
Downloadable software
When the Service includes or requires downloadable software (e.g.
YouTube Studio application) - as long as the software is not subject to additional licensing terms - YouTube provides a personal, worldwide, free, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided by YouTube as part of the Service.
This license is for the sole purpose of enabling the User to use the Service provided by YouTube as permitted by this Agreement.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract its source code, unless such restriction is prohibited by law or you have obtained YouTube's written consent.
Open source software
Some software used in our Service may be offered under an open source license.
The open source license may contain provisions that expressly supersede some of these terms.
If so, we will provide you with this open source license.
Other legal conditions
YouTube's liability for compliance with the contract
For consumers in the European Economic Area (EEA) who have accepted our Terms of Service, EEA consumer law provisions make YouTube responsible for the contractual compliance of the digital content or services we provide.
Under this obligation, we are responsible for any non-compliance detected: within 2 years of a one-off delivery of digital content or services (such as the purchase of a movie), at any time during the "continuous" delivery of digital content or services (such as a paid subscription).
National law may provide for even longer liability.
Your rights under these legal guarantees are not limited by any other commercial guarantees we provide.
Please contact us [contact] to make a warranty claim.
Disclaimer of Liability
By law, consumers have certain rights that cannot be excluded or changed under contract.
Nothing in this Agreement affects your rights as a consumer.
YouTube makes no specific promises in relation to the Service other than those expressly set out in this Agreement or required by law (see section 6.1.
YouTube's responsibility for compliance with the contract).
For example, we make no additional promises regarding: Content provided as part of the Service; the specific characteristics of the Service or its accuracy, reliability, availability or ability to meet the User's needs; or a guarantee that any User Contributed Content will be available or stored on the Service.
Limitation of Liability
All Users: Nothing in this Agreement is intended to exclude or limit any party's liability for death or personal injury; fraud; fraudulent misrepresentation; or any liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, YouTube and its Affiliates will not be liable for: losses that were not caused by a breach by YouTube and its Affiliates of this Agreement; any loss or damage resulting from a breach by YouTube and its Affiliates of the Agreement that was not foreseeable at the time of entering into the Agreement; or Content uploaded by any user or for defamatory, offensive or unlawful behavior by any user.
Business Users: If you use the Service to conduct a commercial, business, craft or professional activity ("Business User"), to the extent permitted by law, the following limitations of liability will also apply: YouTube or its Affiliates are not responsible for lost profits, revenues or data, loss of business opportunity or anticipated savings, indirect or consequential losses or retaliatory damages (in all cases, whether or not the losses were foreseeable); and YouTube's and its Affiliates' total liability for any claim arising out of or in connection with the Service is limited to the greater of: (a) the amount of revenue YouTube paid you in connection with your use of the Service in the 12 months prior to the breach; or ( b) 500 euros.
Links to external sites
The Service may contain links to websites and online services that are not owned or controlled by YouTube.
YouTube has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, such sites and internet services.
The User should be aware of this when he leaves the Service.
We recommend that you read the privacy policies and policies of any third party website and service you visit.
Agreement Information
Changes to the Agreement
We may make changes to this Agreement (1) to reflect changes to our Service or the way we do business (for example, when we add new services or features or remove old ones); (2) for legal, regulatory and security reasons; or (3) to prevent abuse or harm.
If we decide to materially amend this Agreement, we will notify you in good time and provide you with an opportunity to review the changes.
This does not apply to (1) the introduction of a new service or function or (2) emergencies, e.g.
preventing ongoing abuse or meeting legal requirements.
In the event of not agreeing to the new terms, the User should remove all submitted Content and stop using the Service.
Continuation of the Agreement
If you terminate your use of the Service, the following terms of this Agreement will apply: "Other Legal Terms", "Agreement Information" and the licenses you grant will apply in limited circumstances as set out in the "License Duration" section.
Severability clause
If it is found that a particular condition cannot be enforced, the remaining conditions will not be affected in any way.
Transfer
YouTube may transfer all or part of this Agreement to an Affiliate or, in the event of sale of YouTube, to a third party.
Failure to comply with the conditions
If you do not comply with this Agreement and we do not take appropriate action immediately, this does not mean that we are waiving any rights we may have (for example, the right to take action in the future).
Governing Law
If your domicile is within the European Economic Area or Switzerland, this Agreement and your YouTube relationship under this Agreement are governed by the laws of your country of residence.
The user may institute legal proceedings in local courts.
Instructions for withdrawing from the contract in the European Economic Area
Consumers from the European Economic Area from May 28, 2022.
under the provisions of consumer protection law in force in the EEA, you have the right to withdraw from this contract, as described in the following model instruction on withdrawal from the contract in the European Union.
The right to withdraw from the contract
The user has the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the date of conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (for example, a letter sent by post or e-mail).
To contact us, you can email us at account-withdrawal@google.com, call +35 31800832663 (national telephone numbers are provided below), or send a letter to: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
You can use the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory.
You can also complete and submit the withdrawal form or any other unequivocal statement electronically on our website (g.co/EEAWithdrawalForm).
If the User decides to use this option, we will immediately send him a confirmation of receipt of the information on withdrawal from the contract on a durable medium (e.g. by e-mail).
In order to meet the withdrawal deadline, it is enough to send the information on your willingness to exercise the right of withdrawal before the expiry of this deadline.
Consequences of withdrawal from the contract
In the event of withdrawal from this contract, we will refund to the User all payments received from him, including delivery costs (except for additional costs resulting from the method of delivery chosen by the User other than the cheapest standard delivery method offered by us), without undue delay, and in any case no later than 14 days from the date on which we were informed about the User's decision to exercise the right to withdraw from this contract.
We refund the payment using the same payment methods that were used by the User in the initial transaction, unless the User has expressly agreed otherwise.
In any event, the User will not be charged any fees related to the refund.
Model withdrawal form
(this form should be completed and returned only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
— Adresat: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irlandia, [account-withdrawal@google.com]__:
- I hereby inform about my withdrawal from the contract for the provision of the following service: __________________________________________
- Date of order: _____________________________
- Name and surname of the consumer: _______________________
- Consumer's address: _____________________
- Consumer's signature (only if the form is sent in paper version): ___________________
— Data: _______________
Please contact Google to opt out of these terms
Country Telephone number
Austria                     0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria 0800-14-744
Czech Republic 800-720-070
Cyprus 800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Dania                      80-400-111
Estonia                    800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Germany 0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Iceland 800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italy 800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein           800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxembourg 800-40005
Malta                       800-62-257
Netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 0800-410-575
Portugal 808-203-430
Romania 0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia 080-688-882
Spain 0900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
Valid from January 5, 2022 (see previous version)
