https://www.dropbox.com/terms2018?
The translation is provided for information only and the English language version will be binding in the event of disputes.
Dropbox Terms of Service
Published: April 17, 2018
Effective Date: May 25, 2018 You can review our previous Terms of Service here.
Thanks for using Dropbox.
These terms of service ("Terms") cover your use and access to our services, our client software and our websites ("Services").
If you reside outside of the United States of America, Canada and Mexico ("North America"), your contract is with Dropbox International Unlimited Company, and if you reside in North America, your contract is with Dropbox. Inc.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your data, while the Acceptable Use Policy explains your responsibilities arising from the use of our Services.
By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and to review the Privacy Policy and Acceptable Use Policy.
If you are using our Services for an organization, you are accepting these Terms on behalf of that organization.
Your files and permissions
When you use our Services, you provide us with files, content, email messages, contacts and more ("Your Files").
These files are your property.
These Terms grant us no rights to your files other than the limited rights that allow us to offer the Services.
We need your permission to perform tasks such as hosting files, backing them up, and sharing them when you ask us to.
Our Services also offer features such as photo thumbnails, document previews, adding comments, and easy ways to sort, edit, share and search your files.
These and other features may require our system to access, store and scan your files.
You grant us permission to perform such operations and that permission extends to our affiliates and reputable third parties with whom we work.
Sharing of content
Our Services allow you to share your files with other people, so be very careful what you share.
Responsibility of the user
You are held accountable for your conduct, your files, and must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy.
The content on the Services may be protected by the intellectual property rights of others.
Do not copy, upload, download or share content unless you have the right to do so.
We reserve the right to review your conduct and content to ensure it complies with these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy.
Having said that, we are not obliged to do what has just been said.
We are not responsible for the content posted and shared by users through the Services.
Help us keep you informed on how to keep your files protected.
Protect your password for the Services and keep your account information up to date.
Don't share your account credentials or give other people access.
You may use our Services only to the extent permitted by applicable law, including export control laws and regulations.
Finally, to use our Services you must be at least 13 years old or, in some cases, older.
If you live in France, Germany or the Netherlands, you must be at least 16 years old.
Check your local laws to find out the age of consent in the digital environment.
If you do not meet these age requirements, you cannot use the Services.
Software
Some of our Services allow you to download client software ("Software") which may automatically update itself.
Provided that you comply with these Terms, Dropbox grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to use the Software, for the sole purpose of accessing the Services.
To the extent that any component of the Software may be offered under an open source license, we will give you the availability of that license and its provision may expressly take precedence over some of these Terms.
Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, or attempt to do so or assist another person to do so.
Beta Services
Sometimes we provide products and features that are still under testing and evaluation.
These services are known as beta, preview, early access or evaluation (or similarly meaning words or phrases) and may not be as reliable as other Dropbox services, so please keep these in mind when using these services.
Our Services
The Services are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States and other countries.
These Terms do not grant you any right, title or interest in the Services, the content of others on the Services, Dropbox trademarks and logos, and other brand features.
We welcome feedback from users, but please note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to them.
Copyright
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask you to do the same.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law and if they are communicated to us through the Copyright Policy.
We reserve the right to delete or disable content that represents alleged infringement and to delete accounts that repeatedly infringe copyright.
Our designated agent for receiving notices of alleged copyright infringement on the Services is:
Responsible for copyright
Dropbox, Inc.
333 Brannan Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
copyright@dropbox.com
Paid account
Billing.
You can increase your storage space and add paid features to your account (by changing it to a "Paid Account").
We will automatically send you an invoice from the date you switch to a Paid Account and each periodic renewal until you cancel.
If you have signed up for an annual plan, we will send you a notification email (within a reasonable time before the renewal date) to remind you that your plan will be renewed.
You are held responsible for all applicable taxes and these will be charged to you where necessary.
Some countries have mandatory local laws regarding cancellation rights; such laws have priority over what is specified in this paragraph.
No refunds.
You can cancel your Dropbox paid account at any time.
Refunds are issued only if required by law.
For example, users living in the European Union have the right to cancel subscriptions related to their Paid Account within 14 days of registering, upgrading or renewing a Paid Account.
Downgrade.
Your Paid Account will remain active until deletion or termination under these Terms.
If you delay paying for your Paid Account, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your storage to free space levels.
Changes.
We reserve the right to change the rates in effect, but you will first be notified of such changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.
Team Dropbox
Email address.
If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address provided by your organization, your organization may be able to block your access to Dropbox until you switch to an account in a Dropbox team (eg.
Dropbox Business or Dropbox Education plans) or associate your Dropbox account with a personal email address.
Using Dropbox teams.
If you join a Dropbox team, you must use it in accordance with your organization's terms and policies.
Note that Dropbox team accounts are subject to the control of your organization.
Your admins may be able to access, disclose, or remove information in or from your Dropbox team account.
Additionally, they may be able to restrict or delete your access to a Dropbox team account.
If you convert an existing Dropbox account to part of a Dropbox team, your admins may prevent you from disassociating your personal account from the Dropbox team in the future.
Resolution
You have the right to stop using the Services at any time.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate, with notice, your access to the Services if: (a) you violate these Terms. (
b) you use the Services in ways that pose a real risk of damage or loss to us or other users, or (c) you do not have a Paid Account and you have not logged into our Services for 12 consecutive months.
We will contact you reasonably in advance at the email address associated with your account to allow you to remedy the activity in question and give you the option to export your files from our Services.
If you fail to take the required steps as a result of such notice, we will terminate or suspend your access to the Services.
We will not provide any notice prior to termination if: (a) you have committed a serious breach of these Terms, (b) sending such notice may result in our legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users, or ( c) is not permitted by law.
Interruption of the Services
We may decide to discontinue the Services in response to unforeseen circumstances beyond Dropbox's control or in compliance with a legal obligation.
Upon the occurrence of this condition, we will give you reasonable notice to allow you to export your files from our systems.
If we interrupt the Services in this way, before the end of any fixed or minimum terms for which you have already paid, we will refund the fee already paid but for which you have not used the Services.
"CLOSED BOX" services
Dropbox is committed to providing great Services, but some things cannot be guaranteed.
TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "IN CLOSED BOX".
EVEN WE DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Some states do not allow the types of restrictions listed in this section, so those restrictions may not apply.
Limitation of Liability
DROPBOX DOES NOT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ITS LIABILITY TO YOU IF THIS IS AGAINST THE LAW.
INCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD OR MISREPRESENTATION OF DROPBOX OR ITS AFFILIATES IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES.
IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS ARE NOT ALLOWED, DROPBOX IS LIABLE TO THE USER ONLY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES WHICH ARE THE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF DROPBOX'S FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT A NORMAL DILIGENCE OF THE CONTRACT WITH THE USER COMMITTED BY DROPBOX.
THIS PARAGRAPH DOES NOT COVER THE RIGHTS OF CONSUMERS WHICH MAY NOT BE REVOKED OR LIMITED BY ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.
IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: i. INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ii.
LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFIT, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY.
SUCH EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FACT THAT DROPBOX OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN ADVISED OR NOT OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IF YOU USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY COMMERCIAL, CORPORATE OR RESALE PURPOSE, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS .
DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES.
EXCLUDING THE TYPES OF LIABILITY THAT DROPBOX CANNOT LIMIT BY LAW (AS ​​DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION), WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF ANY AMOUNT PAID FOR THE PLAN. OF THE CURRENT SERVICE WITH DROPBOX.
Dispute Resolution
First let's try to sort things out.
It is our intention to address the problems without the need for legal action.
Before filing a complaint against Dropbox, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by writing to dispute-notice@dropbox.com.
We will try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email.
If the dispute is not resolved within 15 days of submission, you or Dropbox can bring a lawsuit.
Judicial forum for disputes.
You and Dropbox agree that any judicial process to resolve complaints relating to these Terms or the Services will be submitted to the appropriate federal or state court in San Francisco County, California, subject to the mandatory law set forth below.
Both you and Dropbox agree to this venue and the particular jurisdiction of such courts.
If you are a resident of a country (such as a member state of the European Union) whose laws grant consumers the right to bring disputes in their local courts, this paragraph does not cover these requirements.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING PERMANENT ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:
Both parties agree to mediate.
You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms or Services through final and binding arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator, except as provided in the Exceptions to the Arbitration Clause below.
Disputes caused by or related to the interpretation or application of this "Mandatory Arbitration Provisions" section, including their enforceability, revocability or validity, are included.
Non-acceptance of the Arbitration Clause.
You can decline the arbitration clause by clicking here and submitting the opt-out form within 30 days of your initial account registration.
However, if you consented to an earlier version of these Terms that allowed you to opt out of the arbitration, your previous choice to accept or not remain binding.
Arbitration procedure.
The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will handle arbitration under the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Complementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes.
The arbitration will take place in the United States county where you reside or work, San Francisco (CA) or any other agreed venue.
Arbitration rates and concessions.
The rules of the AAA will determine the payment of all referee fees.
Dropbox will pay all single arbitration arbitration fees for claims less than $ 75,000.
If you receive an arbitration award that is found to be more beneficial than any of our complaint resolution offers, Dropbox will pay you an additional $ 1000 in the award.
Dropbox will not ask for attorney fees and arbitration costs unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is baseless.
Exceptions to the Arbitration Clause.
You or Dropbox, if eligible, can claim your rights in small claims courts in San Francisco (CA) or any county in the United States where you reside or work.
Both parties reserve the right to bring a lawsuit solely for injunction to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services or infringement of intellectual property (e.g. trademark, trade secret, copyright or patent rights), without first initiating arbitration or the informal dispute resolution procedure described above.
If the arbitration agreement is found to be irrelevant to you or your complaint, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of San Francisco County, California, for the resolution of the dispute.
NO COLLECTIVE ACTIONS.
You can only resolve disputes with Dropbox on an individual basis and cannot file a claim as a plaintiff or member of a class of people in a class, joint or representative action.
Collective arbitration, class action, general interest cases brought forward by a single lawyer and meeting with other arbitrations are not allowed.
If this specific paragraph is found to be inapplicable, the entire section "Mandatory Arbitration Provisions" will be deemed void.
Applicable legislation
These Terms will be governed by the laws of California except in cases of conflict with other law principles.
However, the laws of some countries (including those of the European Union) require agreements to be governed by the local laws of the consumer's country.
This paragraph does not override such laws.
Indivisible contract
These Terms constitute the indivisible agreement between you and Dropbox in relation to the subject matter of these Terms and supersede any other prior or contemporary agreements, terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter of these Terms.
These Terms do not create rights for third party beneficiaries.
Waiver, Severability Clauses and Assignment
Dropbox's failure to enforce a provision does not constitute a waiver of enforcing it later.
If a provision is found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Agreement will continue to have full effect and a new applicable term will be introduced that reflects our intent as closely as possible.
You may not assign any of your rights set forth in these Terms and any attempt to do so will be void.
Dropbox may assign its rights to its affiliates or subsidiaries or to any successor in the interest of business associated with the Services.
Changes
We reserve the right to periodically amend these Terms to better reflect: (a) legislative changes, (b) new regulatory obligations, or (c) improvements to our Services.
If an update concerns your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we will notify you prior to the effective date of the update by sending you an email to the email address associated with your account or via a notification within products.
The updated terms will be effective no earlier than 30 days after the notification date.
If you don't accept the updates, please cancel your account before they take effect.
Where applicable, we will offer you a prorated refund based on the amounts paid in advance for the Services and the date of account cancellation.
By continuing to access or use the Services after the updates become effective, you agree to be bound by the amended Terms.
