Effective from 11 August 2020
Our mission is to connect professionals around the world to help them be more productive and more successful.
The goal of our services is to promote economic opportunities for our members, allowing you and millions of other professionals to meet, exchange ideas, learn, find professional or employee opportunities, as well as work and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships.
Index:
Introduction
Obligations
Rights and limits
Limitation of Liability
Resolution
Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
General terms
“Allowed Activities” and “Not Allowed Activities” on LinkedIn
Complaints Regarding Content
How to contact us
1.
Introduction
1.1 Agreement
When using our Services, you agree to all of these terms.
Your use of our Services is also subject to our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy, which covers how we collect, use, share and store your personal information.
By clicking on "Join Now", "Join LinkedIn", "Sign Up" or similar, by registering, accessing or using our services (described below), you agree to enter into a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (even if you use our Services on behalf of a company).
If you do not agree to this Agreement ("Agreement" or "License Agreement"), DO NOT click "Sign Up Now" (or similar) and do not access or otherwise use any of our Services.
If you wish to terminate this Agreement, you may do so at any time by closing your account and stopping accessing or using our Services.
Services
This Agreement applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn branded apps, LinkedIn Learning, and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services explicitly offered under this Agreement ("Services"), including data collection. off-site for such Services, such as our advertisements and “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plug-ins.
Registered users of our Services are "Members" and unregistered users are "Visitors".
LinkedIn
You are about to enter into this Agreement with LinkedIn (also referred to as “we”).
The term "Designated Countries" means the countries of the European Union (EU), the countries of the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland.
If you reside in the "Designated Countries", you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company ("LinkedIn Ireland"), and LinkedIn Ireland will be responsible for the processing of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with to our Services.
If you reside in a country other than the "Designated Countries", you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Corporation ("LinkedIn Corp."),
and LinkedIn Corp.
will be responsible for processing your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
This Agreement applies to Users and Visitors.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy. ) and related updates.
1.2 Members and Visitors
When you register and join the LinkedIn Services, you become a Member.
If you have chosen not to register for our Services, you can access some features as a "Visitor"
.
1.3 Modification
The Agreement may be subject to change.
We may change this Agreement, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy from time to time.
In the event that we make substantial changes, we will notify you through our Services, or other means, to give you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective.
We agree that the changes cannot be retroactive.
If you disapprove of the changes, you can close your account.
If, after the publication or sending of a notice relating to the changes made to these terms and conditions, you continue to use our Services, we will consider that you have accepted the updated terms and conditions from the date on which they entered into force.
2.
Obligations
2.1.
Eligibility for Service
Here are some promises you make to us in this Agreement:
You are eligible to enter into this Agreement and have at least the "Minimum Age".
The Services cannot be used by persons under the age of 16.
To use the Services, you agree that: (1) must be of the minimum age (defined below) or greater; (2) must have only one LinkedIn account, which must match your real name; and (3) Your use of the Services has never been suspended by LinkedIn.
Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms and conditions, including accounts registered on behalf of third parties or persons under the age of 16.
“Minimum age” means 16 years old.
However, if the law requires you to be older than LinkedIn for LinkedIn to legally provide the Services to you without parental or guardian consent (including the use of your personal data), then the Minimum Age will be as established by law .
2.2 Your account
You will keep your password secret.
You will not share your account with other people and will comply with our rules and the law.
Members are account holders.
You agree to: (1) use a strong password and keep it secret; (2) not to transfer any part of your account (for example, links) and (3) comply with the law and our list of "Allowed Activities" and "Not Allowed Activities" and the Information on the professional community.
You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report any abuse.
As for the relationship between you and other parties (including your employer), the account belongs to you.
However, if the Services have been purchased from another party for you to use them (eg.
Recruiter Seat purchased from your employer), the party paying for this Service has the right to control access to that paid Service, and to obtain reports on your use of it, but without having rights to your personal account. .
2.3 Payment
You will fulfill your payment obligations and give us your consent to keep your payment information.
He is aware that charges and taxes may be added to our prices.
Refunds are subject to our policy.
If you purchase any of our Paid Services ("Premium Services"), you agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes and to comply with the additional terms specific to such Paid Services.
Failure to pay may cause you to terminate your use of the Paid Services.
Additionally, you agree to the following:
Your purchases may be subject to an exchange fee or price differences based on location (for example, the exchange rate).
You authorize us to store your payment method (for example, credit card) and to continue to charge even after its expiration, in order to avoid interruptions to your Services and to make payments for other Services that you may purchase.
If you purchase a subscription, the relative cost will be automatically charged to your payment method at the beginning of each subscription period with regard to the fees and taxes applicable to that period.
To avoid future charges, cancel before the renewal date.
Find out more about how to cancel or suspend Premium Services.
All your purchases of Services are subject to LinkedIn's Refund Policy.
We may calculate the taxes you owe based on the billing information you provide us at the time of purchase.
You can get a copy of your invoice via your LinkedIn account settings in the "Purchase history" section.
2.4 Notices and Messages
You agree to receive notices and messages from us through our websites and apps and contact information.
If your contact information is out of date, you may miss important alerts.
You agree that we can send you notices and messages in the following ways: (1) within the Service or (2) to the contact details you have provided (eg.
email address, mobile number, postal address).
You also agree to keep your contact information up to date.
We encourage you to review your settings to control and limit the messages you receive from us.
2.5 Sharing
When you share information on our Services, other people can see, copy and use that information.
Our Services allow you to send messages and share information in various ways, such as through your profile, articles, group posts, links to articles, job vacancies, messages and InMail messages.
The information and content that you share or publish may be viewed by other Users, Visitors or third parties (including outside the Services).
Where we have made settings available, we will respect the choices you make regarding who can view the content or information (for example, message content to your recipients, sharing content only with LinkedIn connections, limiting the visibility of your profile search engines or choice not to communicate updates to your LinkedIn profile to third parties).
Regarding job search activities, we have set by default not to send alerts to your connection network or your audience.
Therefore, if you apply for a job offer through our Service or choose to report your interest in a job offer, by default we share information only with the author of the job offer.
We are not obligated to post any information or content on our Service and may remove them in our sole discretion, with or without notice.
3.
Rights and limits
3.1.
Your LinkedIn License
You own all the content, comments, suggestions and personal information you provide to us, but you also grant us a non-exclusive license for them.
We will respect the choices you make about who will be able to see your information and content, including how it can be used for advertising purposes.
Regarding the relationship between you and LinkedIn, you own the content and information that you post or submit to the Services and you grant LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:
A worldwide, transferable and sub-licensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process information and content that you provide through our Services and third party services, without further consent, notice and / or remuneration to you or to third parties.
These rights are limited in the following ways:
You may terminate this license for specific content by deleting such content from the Services or generally closing your account, except (a) to the extent that you have shared it with third parties as part of the Service and those users have copied, re-shared or archived it. and (b) for the reasonable time necessary to remove it from the backup and other systems.
We will not include your content in advertisements for third party products and services to others (including sponsored content) without your separate consent.
However, we reserve the right, without remuneration to you or to third parties, to offer advertisements close to your content and information, and your social actions may be visible and displayed with advertisements, as indicated in the privacy policy.
If you use a feature of a Service, we may mention it with your name or photo to promote it within our Services, based on your settings.
We will ask for your consent if we wish to grant third parties the right to publish your posts outside the Services.
However, if you choose to publish a post as "public", we will enable a feature that allows other Users to incorporate that public post into third party services and we will allow search engines to ensure that such public content can be found through the their services.
to know more
While we may change and make changes to the format of your content (such as translate or transcribe it, change its size, layout or file type, or remove metadata), we will not change the meaning of your expression.
Since you own your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it, you may choose to make it available to third parties, including under a Creative Commons license.
You and LinkedIn agree that if content includes personal data, it will be subject to our Privacy Policy.
You and LinkedIn agree that we can access, store, process and use all information and personal data you provide in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).
By sending suggestions or other feedback relating to our Services to LinkedIn, you agree that LinkedIn may use and share (but is under no obligation to do so) such feedback for any purpose without paying you any remuneration.
You warrant that you only provide the information and content that you have the right to share and that your LinkedIn profile will be truthful.
You agree to provide only content or information that does not violate the law or the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights).
You also agree that your profile information is true.
Laws may require LinkedIn to remove certain information or content in some countries.
3.2 Availability of Services
We have the right to change or discontinue any Service or change our prices prospectively.
We may change, suspend or discontinue any of our Services.
We also reserve the right to change our prices, which become prospectively effective with reasonable notice to the extent permitted by law.
We cannot guarantee that we will keep or continue to display the information and content that you have posted.
LinkedIn is not an archiving service.
You agree that there is no obligation for us to store, manage or provide you with a copy of the content or information provided by you or third parties, except to the extent required by applicable law and as indicated in our Privacy Policy.
3.3 Other content, sites and applications
Your use of third party content or information posted on our Services is at your own risk.
Some third parties may offer their products and services through our Services.
We are not liable for the activities of such third parties.
By using the Services, you may come across content or information that may be inaccurate, incomplete, late, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful.
In general, LinkedIn does not review content provided by its Members or third parties.
You agree that we are not responsible for third party content or information (including that of other Members).
We cannot always prevent the inappropriate use of our Services and you acknowledge that we are not liable for such use.
You also acknowledge the risk that you or your organization may be mistakenly associated with third party content when we let your connections and followers know that you or your organization have been mentioned in the news.
Users can make choices regarding this functionality.
LinkedIn can help Members connect, by offering their services (professional advice, accounting, etc.), with Members looking for services.
LinkedIn does not perform or hire people to perform these services.
You must be at least 18 years of age to be able to offer, perform or procure these services.
You acknowledge that LinkedIn does not supervise, direct, control or monitor Members in the performance of such services and agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for offering, performing or procuring such services, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any particular service offered, and (3) nothing will establish a business or collaborative relationship, or joint venture partnership between LinkedIn and Members offering services.
If you are a Member offering services, you support and warrant that you have all the necessary licenses to provide the services in accordance with the Professional Community Policy.
Similarly, LinkedIn may help you sign up for and / or attend events organized by Members and connect with other Members who attend such events.
You agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the conduct of any Member or other participants in such events, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any particular event shown on our Services, (3) LinkedIn does not verify and / or control any of these events, and that (4) You will adhere to these terms and conditions which apply to such events.
3.4 Limits
We have the right to restrict how you connect and interact on our Services.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members.
LinkedIn reserves the right to restrict, suspend or terminate your account if you are in breach of this Agreement or the law, or if you are using the Services improperly (for example, you are violating any permitted and prohibited the Professional Community Disclosure).
3.5 Intellectual Property Rights
We will provide you with a notice regarding our intellectual property rights.
LinkedIn reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the Services.
The trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners.
LinkedIn, the “in” logos and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, images and logos used for our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.
3.6 Automated processing
We use data and information about you to make suggestions that are relevant to you and others.
We use the information and data that you provide and that we have about Members to report links, content and features that may be useful to you.
For example, we use data and information about you to report job offers and to report you to recruiters.
Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date helps us make these reports more accurate and relevant.
4.
Limitation of Liability
4.1 No Warranty
This is our limitation of any legal liability regarding the quality, safety and reliability of our Services.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY OR WARRANTY FOR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE FOREVER AND ERROR-FREE, AND PROVIDE THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION) "AS IS" "AS IS" "AS IS" AVAILABILITY".
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED OR LEGAL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, ACCURACY OF DATA, NO INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
4.2 Disclaimer of Liability
These are the legal liability limits that we can apply.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (AND UNLESS LINKEDIN HAS SIGNED ANOTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT OVERRIDE THIS AGREEMENT), LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT LIABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS OR OPPORTUNITY OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (FOR EXAMPLE, NON-AVAILABILITY OR LOSS, USE OF OR CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTACTS), OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, FOR ANY AMOUNT THAT EXCEEDS (A) ANY TOTAL FEES YOU PAID OR TO BE PAID TO LINKEDIN FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE PERIOD OF B) USD 1000.
4.3 Basis of the agreement; exclusions
The limitation of liability in this Section 4 is part of the basis of the agreement between you and LinkedIn and applies to all liability claims (e.g., warranty, tort, negligence, contract and law) even if LinkedIn or its affiliates have been be informed of the possibility of such damages, and even if these actions do not achieve their essential purpose.
These limitations of liability do not apply to liability for death or personal injury, or for fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct, or in the case of negligence consisting in the breach of a material obligation, a material obligation which as such builds a prerequisite for the provision of services by us and on which you may rely, but only to the extent that the damages are directly caused by the breach and were foreseeable at the time of entering into this Agreement and to the extent that they are typical within the scope of this Agreement.
5.
Resolution
Both parties may terminate this Agreement, but certain rights and obligations will remain in effect.
You and LinkedIn can terminate this Agreement at any time by sending a notice to the other party.
Upon termination, you lose your right to access or use the Services.
The following conditions remain valid after termination:
Our right to use and disclose your comments and suggestions;
The right of Members and / or Visitors to further re-share information and content shared by you through the Services;
Sections 4, 6, 7 and 8.2 of this Agreement;
Any amount owed by either party prior to termination will remain payable after termination.
You can visit our Help Center to close your account.
6.
Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event that a legal dispute arises, you and LinkedIn agree to settle it in the courts of California under California law, or in the courts of Dublin, Ireland under Irish law.
This section will not deprive you of the coverage of the mandatory consumer protection regulations of the country in which we offer the Services, and in which you usually reside.
If you reside in the “Designated Countries”: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that Irish law, except in cases of conflict of law, will exclusively govern all disputes relating to this Agreement and / or the Services.
You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that any claims and disputes may only be heard in the courts of Dublin, Ireland, and we both accept the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Dublin, Ireland.
For those residing in a country other than the designated countries, including those living outside the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the State of California, USA, except in cases of conflict of laws, will be the only ones to regulate any disputes concerning this Agreement and / or the Services.
You and LinkedIn both agree that all claims and disputes may be heard only in the federal and state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and both you and LinkedIn accept the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
7.
General terms
Below are some important details of the Agreement.
If a court with jurisdiction over this Agreement finds any part of this Agreement unenforceable, you and we agree that such court will need to amend its terms and conditions in order to make that part of the Agreement applicable and still be able to fulfill its intended purpose.
If the court cannot do so, you and we agree to ask the court to remove the unenforceable portion and that the remainder of this Agreement will remain in effect.
This Agreement (including any additional terms that we may provide when you engage with a feature of the Services) is the only agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all previous agreements for the Services.
If we take no action in the event of a breach of this Agreement, it does not mean that LinkedIn has waived its right to enforce this Agreement.
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or your membership or use of the Services) to any third party without our consent.
However, you agree that LinkedIn may assign this Agreement to its affiliates or a party who purchases it without your consent.
There are no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
You agree that the only way to send legal notices to us is to do so to the addresses provided in Section 10.
8. “
Activities Allowed ”and“ Activities Not Allowed ”on LinkedIn
8.1.
Permitted activities
LinkedIn is a community of professionals.
This list of “allowed and prohibited activities”, together with our Professional Community Notice, limits what you can and cannot do on our Services.
You agree to:
Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws and regulatory requirements;
Provide us with accurate information and keep it up to date;
Use your real name on your profile; is
Use the Services in a professional manner.
8.2 Prohibited Activities.
You agree not to:
Create a false identity on LinkedIn, misrepresent your identity, create a User profile for someone other than you (a real person), or use or try to use a third party's account;
Develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, or any other technology) to scrap the Services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the Services;
Disable any security features or bypass or circumvent any access controls or restrictions on the use of the Service (for example, maximum number of keyword searches or profile views);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Services, directly or through third parties (eg.
search engines), without LinkedIn's consent;
Disclose information that you have no right to disclose (eg.
confidential information of other people, including your employer);
Violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights.
For example, do not copy or distribute (other than through the available sharing functionality) other people's posts or other content without their permission, which they may grant by posting under a Creative Commond license;
Infringing LinkedIn's intellectual property or other rights, including, without limitation, (i) copying or distributing our training videos or other materials or (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless licensed under open licenses source; (iii) use the word “LinkedIn” or our logos in any company name, email or URL except as set forth in the Brand Guidelines;
Post any item that contains software with viruses, worms or any other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decrypt or otherwise attempt to reverse engineer the source code for the Services or any related technology that is not open source;
Insinuate or claim to be affiliated with or referenced by LinkedIn without our express consent (for example, representing yourself as a LinkedIn-accredited trainer);
Rent, lease, lend, market, sell / resell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data or access to them, without the prior consent of LinkedIn;
Create deep-link links to our Services for any purpose other than promoting your profile or a Group on our Services, without LinkedIn's consent;
Use bot programs or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages;
Monitor the availability, performance or functionality of the Services for any competitive purpose;
Carry out "framing", "mirroring" or otherwise simulate the appearance or function of the Services;
Cover or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (for example, by inserting elements in the Services or by removing, covering or obscuring an advertisement included on the Services);
Interfere with the operation of the Services or use an unreasonable load of data on them (for example, spam, Denial of Service (DoS) attack, viruses, game algorithms); and / or
Violate the Professional Community Policy or any additional terms relating to a specific Service that is provided to you when you register or start using that Service, as well as the Bing Maps terms where applicable.
9.
Complaints Regarding Content
Contact information for compliance of the content provided by our Users.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
We ask that information posted by Members be accurate and not in violation of intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties.
We provide information and a procedure for submitting complaints on the content published by our Members.
10.
How to contact us
Our contact information.
Our Help Center also provides information about our Services.
For any general questions, you can contact us online.
For legal notices or notifications of documents, you can write to us at these addresses.
