MyHeritage - Terms and conditions
The last update of these terms and conditions took place on April 18, 2020.
If you haven't checked them since that date, please do so now.
The Italian translation of our Terms and Conditions shown below does not constitute the binding version.
It is provided as a convenience for informational purposes only.
The English Version of the Terms and Conditions is the legally binding one.
Welcome to MyHeritage
MyHeritage is an online service that allows its members to create family sites and profiles in order to create and print their family trees, share family photos, keep in touch with family members, perform DNA tests, receive genetic analysis for genealogy and health, participate in scientific studies and research your family history with the aid of advanced research tools (the "Service").
The Service is owned and operated by MyHeritage Ltd. (
hereinafter simply "MyHeritage", 'we' or 'our').
'You' or 'your' means an adult user of the Service, over the age of 13 (in some countries the minimum age is 14, see the "Users under 13 or 14" section below. ).
Any use of the Service and / or the MyHeritage Website (the "Website") is subject to compliance with these Terms and Conditions.
Please read them carefully, as by using the Website, you agree to abide by them and enter into an agreement with us under them (this "Agreement"), regardless of whether you are a member of MyHeritage ("Member"). ).
The MyHeritage website (the "Website") is part of a group of sites owned and operated by us (the "MyHeritage Website Group") which includes other MyHeritage websites. *
on other top-level domains, and Geni.com.
This Agreement applies to any use of the Service, including but not limited to: a) sending samples for DNA extraction and processing, b) digital uploading of genetic information exported from others DNA services, c) receiving and interacting with the genealogical genetic analysis provided by the Website (the "DNA Services for Genealogy"); d) receiving, consulting and interacting with genetic analysis for health (the "DNA Health Services"); and finally e) downloading your raw DNA data (collectively referred to as the "DNA Services").
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Service also includes DNA Services for all aspects of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Agreement, please do not use the Service and the Website.
We reserve the right to change any of the following provisions at any time, at our discretion, and any changes will take effect immediately upon posting on the Website.
You agree to be bound by any changes to this Agreement if you continue to use the Service after such changes have been posted.
Service
MyHeritage family sites
MyHeritage allows its members to create and publish content within MyHeritage family sites, and allows them to control and limit the access of other MyHeritage Website Group users to such content.
Given the nature of the service, please carefully select the information you wish to post on the MyHeritage family sites, and refrain from posting any illegal or inappropriate content.
We do not modify or monitor the content posted by users, but we reserve the right to remove any content that comes to our attention and which, in our opinion, constitutes a violation of this agreement.
By way of example and not limited to, some of the contents that you must refrain from publishing, transmitting, sending or otherwise making available, through the Service or in connection with it, are indicated below:
Photographs or other materials containing nudity, sexuality, pornography, obscenities, vulgarity and / or any other offensive content.
Any content that may violate or jeopardize the privacy of others, including members of the same family tree.
Our service allows users to establish specific privacy settings regarding names, dates, email addresses and other personally identifiable information.
Please make use of these settings and respect the privacy of others.
Photographs or email addresses of living people (other than yourself), if published without the consent of the person concerned.
Any information relating to minors or children suitable for identifying them, their personal data or addresses or other means of communication with them, without the explicit consent of the parent or guardian.
Any content that you do not own or have no right to use.
Any content that violates or limits the property or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks.
We are extremely sensitive to respecting the copyrights and intellectual property of others.
Please note that the contents, including photographs, even if they come from a site of which you are a member, belong to the respective creators or those who published them, and cannot be reproduced without the owner's consent.
Any content that is obscene, indecent, defamatory, offensive, illegal, degrading, abusive, deceptive, inaccurate, false, malicious, harassing, threatening, or inciting racial, religious or ethnic hatred.
Any content that may cause any person alarm, annoyance, anxiety, embarrassment, offense or danger.
Any content that may damage a legal process of which the user is aware; that is against the law or that promotes or facilitates illegal activities.
Any computer virus or other harmful or dangerous code.
Any content that violates our Privacy Policy.
It's forbidden:
Seizing the identity of another person or falsely representing one's identity or status in any other way.
Introduce yourself as an employee or representative of MyHeritage Ltd.
or any of its subsidiaries.
Persecuting, harassing, or maintaining regular or persistent contact with other users without their consent or encouragement, or after such consent or encouragement is expressly or implicitly terminated.
Sending commercial emails, spam emails, large quantities of unsolicited emails or any other emails that may harass the recipient (s).
Use our Website or Service in a way that may damage our name or reputation.
Restrict or prevent the use of this website or service to other people.
Exploit any part of our website for commercial purposes, or use or access it.
Engage in activities that require any form of payment from members and / or users of the family sites or any other area of ​​the MyHeritage site.
Promote or offer for sale any products or services, unless this is expressly permitted by us and the law (in which case you will need to comply with all additional conditions specified by us relating to such activities).
Place direct links on our website or service to third party sites outside the MyHeritage Website Group.
Unless you have received our express prior consent, it is forbidden to copy or electronically archive all or part of our website or its contents, as well as make available, distribute, sell or offer for sale all or part of our website or its contents. content, or systematically download content and data from or through the website to create or augment another database for any purpose.
It is strictly prohibited to extract, acquire and / or collect any data or page from the site without our express prior written consent.
It is also strictly prohibited to resell any MyHeritage product (including, without limitation, MyHeritage DNA kits) without our express prior written consent.
Purchasing a MyHeritage DNA kit and then reselling it to third parties is strictly prohibited.
Any activity related to the website, which comes to our attention and which may, in our sole discretion, violate applicable law, will be brought to the attention of the competent authorities.
A MyHeritage family site is a place where members share their content with other members.
This could create conflicts between the members themselves.
The following guidelines must be followed by all MyHeritage members, including you:
Members must obtain permission from living family members before uploading information about them to a family site, and in the event of an unauthorized upload, the responsibility lies with the owner of the family site - the member who created it. .
In the event that we receive complaints relating to information, relating to a person or a close family member, published on a family site against the will of the latter, we reserve the right to delete this information from the family site, even if the owner of the site you want to keep it.
In the event of a dispute with the owner member of the site, we reserve the right to ban that member and remove them from the service at our discretion.
If the Member has a subscription, we will refund the payment to that Member.
The right of a family member to request not to be featured on a family site overrides the right of the site owner to have it listed.
If you find on a family site or any other part of the website personal data entered by other members and which you wish to remove, you can send a request to privacy@myheritage.com and give us a week to analyze it.
We will try, first of all, to settle the dispute amicably by contacting the owner of the family site who entered the information or who is responsible for it and giving him the time to respond to us.
We will work with the applicant to ensure that the information in question is effectively removed from the site.
If necessary, we will also help the applicant remove such information from search engines such as Google, but please note that such removal from Google and other search engines is beyond our control and is not our responsibility.
Copying information or photos from other family sites without the permission of the respective owner is prohibited, and members who contravene this prohibition expose themselves to the risk of being banned from the service at MyHeritage's discretion.
To copy information or photos from external sites or services and publish them on family sites, it is necessary to have obtained the prior consent of the owners of such material.
Inviting other members to a family site, or accepting their request to participate will give those members access to the family site, and they may copy part of it.
In this case, the responsibility lies with the owner of the family site, or with the member who made the invitation or who accepted the request to participate, and not MyHeritage.
If an invitation has been forwarded or accepted in error, the owner of the family site can remove that member from the family site to revoke access to the same.
The basic family sites are open to visitors, but the details of the living members of the family tree, with the exception of the name alone, are obscured.
To optimize privacy, the owner can make photo albums or the entire site private, and disable the Smart Matching ™ feature for family trees.
Smart Matching ™ is a service that makes discoveries by looking for matches with the user's family tree, but this benefit comes with a privacy drawback: that is, owners of other family sites can see the parts of the family tree that have a correspondence with theirs (with the exception of living people not in common, which will remain obscured).
If this bothers you, you must deactivate the Smart Matching ™ feature by clicking on "My Privacy" in the drop-down menu in the upper right corner of the website, then clicking on "Contents" under the name of your tree, deselecting the "Enable Smart Matching ™" function and finally clicking on the "Save" button.
By leaving the Smart Matching ™ function active for the family tree, the user assumes responsibility that other members can see part of his family tree.
We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to refuse, omit to post or remove any content posted by users and / or on any family site, or to limit, suspend or permanently foreclose access to all or part of the site. web and / or service at any time, for any reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise.
We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse, omit to post or remove any family site at any time, for any reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise, if we believe that the family site violates this agreement in any way.
Once content has been uploaded or posted on the website, including family trees and photographs, it may become accessible to all visitors to the website or to one of the MyHeritage Website Group sites, depending on the accessibility settings chosen by the user. .
Based on these accessibility settings, users of other sites may be able to view, copy, download, archive, modify or delete certain content posted by the user.
You agree that other users may have access to your family site and may add or remove material, or otherwise modify your family site.
The published information will be viewable and available for research, viewing or listening to third parties.
The user has the right to remove content previously published on the website; however, if a copy of it has been downloaded or otherwise stored by a third party, it may still be publicly visible.
Other users may contact you through our website regarding the content you upload.
We may send you an email notification when you receive a new message on our site.
You can change the email settings in the "Settings" section of the "Inbox" area if you prefer not to receive this notice.
Servizi DNA
This section is dedicated to DNA Services, including but not limited to ordering a MyHeritage DNA kit, shipping DNA samples to us, acceptable use of such samples, DNA markers, nucleotides, mutations or haplogroups ("DNA Results") extracted from them or uploaded by you to the Website, as well as the results of the genealogical genetic analysis of the DNA Results, which include the DNA Matches and the Estimation of Ethnicity (collectively referred to as the "Genealogical DNA Reports") and DNA Health Genetic Analysis Results which include the Genetic Risk Report and the Carrier Condition Report (collectively called the "DNA Health Reports", and in combination with the Genealogical DNA Reports the "DNA Reports ") and your rights, obligations and limitations regarding your use of the DNA Services.
Please note that to use the DNA Services you need to register on the site as a member, but you do not need to subscribe.
Use of the DNA Services is subject to this Agreement and the MyHeritage Privacy Policy.
DNA genealogy services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted locations for DNA genealogy services").
DNA-related health services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, France, Germany, Austria, Austria, Switzerland, the states of Rhode Island, New Jersey and New York, as well as Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted locations for DNA-related health services").
By authorizing the DNA Services, submitting a DNA sample for testing, or uploading or transferring DNA results to the Website, you represent that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and that you are not a resident of the Restricted Locations for DNA genealogy services and / or Restricted Places for DNA related health services, respectively, listed above, and you represent that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by this Agreement and to be bound to collect and the use of the DNA sample and DNA results, as well as the calculation and provision by us of the applicable DNA Reports.
Additionally, you represent that any DNA sample provided by you and any information you transfer or upload that associates an individual with your DNA results is either your DNA or, in respect of your use of the Genealogy Services only. DNA, the DNA of a person for whom you are a legal guardian or have obtained legal authorization to provide us with your DNA.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the use of the DNA Services for law enforcement purposes, forensic examinations, criminal investigations, "cold case" investigations, identification of unknown deceased persons, location of relatives of deceased persons using the DNA of corpses and / or any similar purpose, is strictly prohibited, unless a court order is obtained.
Our policy is to protect the privacy of our customers from judicial investigations.
All these provisions apply both to DNA tests produced through our DNA analysis services, and to DNA tests shared with us by direct uploading to the site by users, to the transfer of data from another analysis service. DNA, or any other way that users can provide us with their DNA information.
By submitting DNA samples to MyHeritage, you give MyHeritage permission to extract, directly or indirectly, the DNA from the sample, to perform genetic DNA analysis using technologies currently available or to be developed in the future, to disclose the results of the tests carried out by providing the user with the respective DNA Reports and, only with regard to the DNA Genealogy Reports, also to other subjects authorized by the user and to archive the samples for any further genetic analysis (for example, to provide tests or a more precise and detailed DNA report, and other results through further genetic analyzes that may be performed in the future, subject to the explicit approval of the user) and to allow the user to download the DNA tests, always and in any case at conditions and in accordance with this agreement and the privacy policy.
The user declares to be aware that at the time of downloading the DNA tests: 1) this download creates a copy that ceases to be protected by the security and privacy system of MyHeritage; 2) such downloading and subsequent storage of his DNA tests must be carried out under his responsibility; and 3) MyHeritage will cease to have any control over the downloaded DNA tests and will not be liable to the user or third parties in relation to such download and / or storage.
We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, DNA results and / or genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained in the DNA Reports.
Any information on genetic genealogy and genetic health is obtained from the DNA samples, which emerges from the DNA tests and / or appears in the DNA report, continues to belong to the person from which the sample originates, and is subject only to the rights granted to MyHeritage under this agreement.
Furthermore, by sending us the samples and / or DNA tests, the user declares to understand that he does not acquire any rights on any research or commercial products that may be developed by us and which may have a relationship with his DNA.
At the request of the user, we will arrange for the destruction of the DNA sample provided by him.
To request the destruction of your DNA sample, please contact us using the contact details indicated in the "Contact" section below.
In addition, each user can, at any time, delete their own exams and DNA report from the site by using the delete function from the "Manage DNA kit" page, or by requesting MyHeritage customer service to take care of it on behalf of the user.
By submitting DNA samples to us and / or uploading DNA tests to our site, you grant us a royalty-free license, which is valid worldwide, to use your DNA sample, and solely for the purposes of the Genealogy Services. DNA tests, DNA tests and the resulting DNA report, as well as any DNA sample and / or DNA result submitted by the user that comes from individuals who have granted legal authorization as described in this section, as well as the resulting DNA reports, to the minimum extent necessary to enable us to provide you with the service.
This license is not perpetual, as it can be revoked at any time by permanently deleting your tests and DNA report from the site and requesting that your DNA samples be destroyed.
By accepting this agreement, you indemnify us from any refunds, requests, actions or legal proceedings related to the DNA test, DNA samples, DNA tests and / or DNA reports, including but not limited to and not exhaustive, those for errors, omissions, claims for slander, for violation of privacy, rights of publicity, mental suffering or economic damage.
This section continues to be in force in the relationship between the parties even after the user has ceased to use the DNA website or services.
You confirm that your submission of a DNA sample is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country where you reside.
He also declares to accept that he has the power, under the laws of the State or the legal system in which he resides, to make the declarations referred to in this agreement and to expressly renounce the application of any law or regulation relating to DNA samples. , to the examinations and / or to the DNA reports and to their filing of the own State or order of residence.
The User agrees that the DNA samples are stored in the United States, as provided for in this agreement.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, block, refuse to publish or remove any DNA reports and / or DNA tests provided by you or by ourselves as a result of processing your DNA sample. , or to limit, suspend or permanently terminate this agreement or preclude the user from accessing all or part of the DNA services at any time, for any reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any liability, without prejudice to the reimbursement of any amount spent for the purchase of the MyHeritage DNA kit through our channels.
Eligibility
The use and subscription to DNA services are not valid in places where such services are prohibited.
Only users over eighteen (18) years of age and legally capable of entering into a valid contract with us are permitted to use the DNA services.
Please do not use the services By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent and warrant that (a) the DNA sample and / or DNA Results submitted by you belong to you or, solely in connection with the DNA Genealogy Services, to someone for whom you have legal authorization to share the DNA sample and / or Results; (b) is eighteen (18) years of age or older; and (c) your use of the DNA Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If a minor uses the DNA Genealogy Services, that minor's parent or guardian will be held accountable for the minor's actions.
If, solely for the purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services, you submit a DNA sample of a child, you must be the parent or legal guardian of the child and provide written confirmation of this in a format we deem acceptable, if requested before DNA Results and DNA Genealogy Reports are provided for the child concerned.
If the user has reason to believe that he is suffering from contagious diseases, pathologies or infectious conditions, please do not send us his sample until such diseases, pathologies or conditions have been cured or have ceased to be contagious.
We reserve the right not to process the user's DNA sample, delete his DNA tests and report, and to terminate his registration without notice if we believe that there is a violation of this agreement or part of it.
Termination of the relationship
This section applies to DNA services currently in use or used in the past.
The user can remove the DNA tests associated with his account at any time, for any reason, from the profile on which they were uploaded by us or by the user himself.
We reserve the right to remove the user's DNA exams and / or report and / or to terminate the registration at any time, without notice.
Even after the registration deadline, the property rights established by this agreement remain valid.
Non-commercial use by members
The DNA services are intended for the personal, private and informational use of members only, and may not be used for commercial or research purposes, unless this has been the subject of a written request and has been expressly approved by us.
Illicit and / or unauthorized use of DNA services is prohibited, including the collection of DNA tests and / or reports.
We reserve the right to protect and enforce all rights associated with the DNA services offered.
Ownership Rights on Content
to. We do not claim any ownership rights in DNA samples, underlying DNA results, or any DNA results submitted by you via the DNA Services, as well as genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained within the Reports. on DNA.
After uploading the DNA tests to the website or after submitting a DNA sample to us, you continue to own the sample, related DNA tests as well as the genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained in the DNA report, and retains the right to use it as it wishes.
By submitting a DNA sample to us and / or uploading DNA tests to the website, you grant, represent and warrant that you have the right to transmit such material to MyHeritage to use, modify, publish and create derivative works from it, exclusively through and through the DNA services for commercial and non-commercial purposes, and for the business of MyHeritage (and its successors and affiliates, if any).
b. DNA services include DNA tests and DNA reports of users, members and other licensors.
With the exception of content uploaded by the user himself, or unless expressly permitted by a user's privacy settings, it is prohibited to copy, modify, translate, publish, disseminate, transmit, distribute, perform, display or sell any content on it. on the site or accessible through it and / or the DNA services.
DNA samples and DNA tests; DNA reports
The user is fully responsible for the DNA samples sent to MyHeritage and for the DNA tests submitted to the DNA services, as well as for any material or information transmitted to us or our members and for all interactions with other users.
MyHeritage does not control or approve any actions resulting from your participation in DNA-related services.
Accordingly, MyHeritage explicitly assumes no liability in connection with any actions resulting from your participation in DNA-related services.
We make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to DNA tests and reports, as well as the accuracy, reliability, completeness, completeness, quality, timeliness, infallibility, compatibility, safety or fitness for purpose of the DNA website or services or of the DNA report.
By using the DNA services, the user declares to know that he may become aware of unexpected information from the DNA tests and report, which could arouse strong emotions and which could alter his life and his vision of the world.
The user may discover things about himself that may upset him and that he may not have the ability to control or change (for example, that his father is not genetically his father, or his ethnicity is not what he thought he was, or surprising facts related to his ancestry), or that he has a higher than average risk of developing an incurable condition such as Alzheimer's disease).
Once such information is obtained, knowledge is irrevocable.
We encourage you to assume that the information we may provide to you, both now and as genetic research progresses, is welcome or positive.
Such discoveries could have some social, legal or economic consequences.
You acknowledge that your use of the DNA services and the receipt of the resulting DNA reports could have significant implications not only for yourself, but also for close relatives or other family members, as they share part of the same DNA.
If the user has any concerns about any of these potential consequences, please DO NOT USE the DNA services.
The genetic information that the user shares with other people could be used against the interests of the user.
Therefore, care must be taken in sharing them with others.
Even if you share genetic information (such as DNA results and / or DNA health reports) that currently has limited or no meaning at all, that information could mean something in the future as new ones are made discoveries.
In the future, businesses or insurance companies may request this information.
The Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) was passed in the United States in 2008, and some, but not all, states and countries have legislation that protects individuals regarding their genetic information.
It is advisable to consult a lawyer to understand the degree of legal protection of genetic information before sharing it with anyone.
If the user exports their data relating to the MyHeritage DNA Health analysis and uploads them to a third-party service for health analysis, some genetic information not reported on MyHeritage, which MyHeritage has not validated, may be exposed.
MyHeritage assumes no responsibility for this information, as DNA data may be incorrectly named for certain variants.
Exporting DNA data from MyHeritage and subsequent uploading to a third party service is done at your own risk.
Learn more about DNA Health Services
The user is authorized to use the DNA health services only if he is at least 18 years of age.
Health Questionnaire
Before providing the DNA health reports, we will collect some self-reported information about the family medical history of you and your family members through a questionnaire (Health Questionnaire Information and Health Questionnaire, respectively. ).
The Health Questionnaire Information will allow us to determine the person's eligibility for some or all of the DNA health reports (the creation and / or disposal of which, in rare cases, may be denied) and, if the user is eligible for some or all of the DNA health reports, such information from the Health Questionnaire may also allow us to facilitate disclosure and communication to the user of the reports.
To this end, it is necessary to fill in the Health Questionnaire in its entirety.
Before entering information about others in the Health Questionnaire, it is necessary to obtain the consent of the interested parties.
Information from the Health Questionnaire will be stored and used in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
New questions and topics can be added to the Health Questionnaire if new information is needed to update health DNA reports or to create new ones.
In this case, the user may receive an e-mail about it.
The user has the option to delete or modify the Information in the Health Questionnaire by contacting the Customer Service.
Please read the Privacy Policy for more information.
Genetics is only part of the big picture
DNA Health Reports provide information on genetic risk based on the assessment of specific genetic variants, but do not report the full genetic profile.
DNA Health Reports do not detect all genetic variants related to a given disease, and the absence of a variant tested does not rule out the presence of other genetic variants that may be related to the disease.
Furthermore, for most diseases, the genes we know are responsible for only part of the overall risk.
Other factors, such as the environment and lifestyle, can influence the risk of developing a certain disease and, depending on the condition, can be more important predictors.
If the data indicate that the user is not at high genetic risk for a disease or condition, the situation still requires caution.
The reverse is also true: if the data indicate a high genetic risk for a disease or pathology, this does not mean that the user will necessarily develop that disease or pathology.
All health DNA report results must be confirmed and supplemented with additional medical and clinical testing and information.
Don't rely solely on DNA health reports
DNA Health Services are not intended to independently diagnose, prevent or treat any disease or any pathology, nor to provide you with any information about your current health status in the absence of medical and clinical information, or to be used to take medical decisions, including whether or not to take medications and their dosage.
Additionally, you may need to get additional services from your doctor, genetic counselor, or other health care practitioner in order to get more accurate results for the conditions or diseases listed on the DNA Health Reports.
DNA health services do not include medical advice or assistance, are not intended to constitute a medical practice provided by MyHeritage or create a patient-healthcare provider relationship between MyHeritage and the user.
DNA Health Services are for research, information and educational purposes only.
The use of any information provided as part of the DNA Health Services (including potentially actionable information that could be identified based on the DNA Health Report and scientific literature or research) is solely at the risk of the 'user.
DNA Health Reports are not a substitute for visits by a physician or other health professional, professional medical advice, diagnosis, counseling or treatment by the treating physician or other qualified health care practitioner, capable of examining the health status in the general context of medical management.
If you have any concerns or concerns arising from the DNA health reports or questions regarding the diagnosis, cure, treatment, alleviation or prevention of any disease or other medical condition, or damage to health and / or general health, you are You need to consult your doctor or other health care professional.
Genetic research is not exhaustive and continues to progress
Note that many of the genetic findings that may appear in DNA health reports have not been clinically validated and the technology we use (the same used by the scientific community) has not yet been widely used for clinical testing.
In addition, due to technical variations in our test device, some DNA health reports or some variations in a specific report may not be available to the user.
The risk presented by variant could be calculated based on ethnic groups that do not match or are not relevant to their ethnicity and therefore do not accurately reflect the risk for the user.
In the future, the scientific community may prove that previous research is incomplete or inaccurate; future scientific research could change the interpretation of DNA results.
As scientific knowledge advances, our DNA health reports may change and reflect different results in the future.
For example, we could modify the set of variations considered part of the user's genetic predisposition for a specific pathology.
Additionally, we may assign different values ​​or classes to these variations, so variants that are now harmful will be classified as benign in the future and will modify the DNA health report.
Another example: we can change the estimated risk level for a certain disease.
We may also add conditions or illnesses after receiving the DNA Health Reports, in addition to the illnesses and illnesses listed on the pre-purchase pages, when ordering the reports.
Other companies that offer a genetic risk test may detect different genetic variants for the same disease, so you can get different results by using a test from a different company.
We may also use various mathematical tools and statistical frameworks to assess the presence of a variation and / or the level of risk.
We reserve the right to update DNA health reports based on new scientific information, data or findings.
We also reserve the right to notify the user of any changes to the DNA report for health.
Some people may feel anxious about receiving the genetic health results.
This is normal.
In this case, we advise the user to speak with their doctor or other health care professional before providing the DNA sample for DNA health services.
We encourage you to speak to a genetic counselor, a health professional with special training in genetic conditions and / or a board-certified clinical medical geneticist before providing the DNA sample to learn more. and so that you can make an informed decision regarding the DNA test.
Please note that DNA results and / or health DNA reports that you choose to share with your doctor or other healthcare professional may become part of your medical record and thereby become accessible to other healthcare professionals in the future. and / or insurance companies.
Where an insurance company asks the user if he has become aware of his health conditions through genetic information and the user does not disclose such information, this can be considered a case of fraud.
Our laboratory is licensed in Texas as a clinical laboratory, but not all states or countries require our DNA health services to be licensed.
Therefore, we are not universally authorized by all state, federal or international authorities for genetic testing conducted for health and disease-related purposes.
Also, in some states or countries we do not offer our DNA health services as we do not have the necessary licenses.
For order processing from customers residing in the United States, a prescription from a physician is required to process and release DNA Health Reports to customers.
We work with an independent network of physicians and genetic counselors, PWNHealth, LLC (www.pwnhealth.com) ("PWNHealth"), to provide medical oversight of the MyHeritage DNA Health analysis.
For the purpose of a physician and genetic counselor review of PWNHealth, your personal information, including health questionnaire information, DNA results, and DNA health reports, will be shared confidentially with PWNHealth.
The PWNHealth service fee is collected by MyHeritage on behalf of PWNHealth and is included in the total price of DNA health services.
The MyHeritage DNA Health analysis has not been authorized or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
The FDA does not require this test to be audited by the FDA prior to being placed on the market.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, officers, agents, licensees, managers, affiliates and third parties acting on our behalf, as well as their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, from any loss. , liability, claim or claim, including any reasonable attorney's fees, incurred as a result of or arising from your use or access to the DNA services and any implications of such use.
Data usage
Members or those who otherwise use the Website and / or the DNA Genealogy Services may use another member's DNA Genealogy Reports only to the extent permitted by that member's privacy settings and limited to Reports. DNA Genealogy Schools designated as available to other members.
In the event that you collect and / or advertise the DNA Results and / or the DNA Reports on a different website or application or otherwise use them outside the DNA Services, please note that the DNA Results DNA and / or DNA Reports will be used in accordance with the terms and policies of such other websites and / or applications and such use is solely at your own risk.
Privacy and Security
For details on our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Policy
Limitation of Liability
Without prejudice to the content of the "Limitation of Liability" subsection below (under the "Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification" section), your attention is drawn to the fact that DNA Services are operated in our facilities in the States United.
We do not provide any guarantee that DNA services are appropriate or available for use in other countries.
Anyone who accesses or uses DNA services from other jurisdictions does so on their own will, and is liable under their local law.
Other areas of the website
As a member, the user has the opportunity to post content in other areas of the site, such as the support forum.
You can also post comments under content posted by other users.
We reserve the right to remove any posted content or element that we believe violates this agreement in any way, at our discretion, with or without notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise.
MyHeritage Backup Service
MyHeritage provides an optional data backup service, available upon subscription for a fee.
Such backup service is subject to this agreement as well as to the additional terms and conditions specific to the backup service.
Limited use license
The user is granted a license to use the service for strictly personal use, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement (the "License").
The service is not designed and does not grant a license for any commercial use.
We reserve the right to cancel all or part of the service at any time.
It is strictly prohibited to download all or part, or any function, as well as any public area of ​​the service.
Republishing online or in any other form of public area content is prohibited.
Violation of this license could result in the immediate termination of the user's registration and could result in legal action for injunction, damages and / or any other forms of reparation.
The use of the service and any other software provided by the service is permitted only online and it is not permitted to download, copy, reuse or distribute such software, unless it is expressly indicated that such software is designed for offline use and that the license for this use it is provided together with the software.
Copyright
With the exception of DNA services, as specified above, by publishing content on the website, the user grants us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to host such content, copy, publish and distribute it.
The integration of MyHeritage correspondences with our partners such as RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie does not include the publication of content.
Matching information provided to us by our partners' software and websites will never be used for any purpose other than matching, and will never be published, sold or licensed by us to any third party.
We do not receive any license for such information, and it is collected by us and then automatically deleted after matching.
Our partners 'users may receive Smart Matches notifications with our users, but those matches are not bi-directional - our users will not receive Smart Matches notifications with our partners' users, and they will not they will be able to view their data.
All content posted on the website, with the exception of user-posted content, DNA tests, DNA samples and genetic information contained in DNA reports, are owned by us or by third parties who have given us for them a limited license.
The content published on family sites are owned by the person who created them, are under the control of the administrator of the family site on which they are published, and are hosted by us in accordance with the terms of this agreement.
MyHeritage is protected by copyright recognized by the copyright laws of the United States and Israel, international conventions and other applicable copyright laws.
It is not possible to change the application code by enhancing or modifying our software and application in any way.
You may not undertake, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompilation, dismantling or hacking of any of our applications, any of the downloadable components, or any other part of the same.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA")
Our policy is to respond to clear complaints for alleged copyright infringements that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (copyright law for the digital millennium, "DMCA").
The DMCA protects copyright holders who believe that material that violates their rights under United States copyright law is displayed on the Internet.
To learn more about the DMCA, visit the U.S. website. Copyright Office (United States Copyright Office) at https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf.
If you are a copyright holder or their agent, and you have a good faith belief that content on the Website infringes your copyright, you can submit a DMCA complaint to our Delegated Copyright Agent. by post to: Copyright Agent for Notice, for the attention of: Legal Department, MyHeritage, PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel, or by email to: copyright@myheritage.com.
Claims must comply with regulatory requirements under the DMCA at the time they are filed.
We encourage you to include the following information in your complaint: • A physical or digital signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is claimed to have been infringed by the material (s).
• The identification of the copyrighted work that is claimed to have been infringed or, if a single notification refers to multiple copyrighted works contained on the Website, an exemplary list of such works.
• The identification of the material claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and which must be removed or to which access is to be denied, and information reasonably sufficient to allow MyHeritage to locate the material (provide URL is the best way to help us locate content quickly).
• Information reasonably sufficient for MyHeritage to contact the complainant, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which to contact the complainant.
• A statement that the complainant believes in good faith that the use of the material in the manner described in the complaint is not authorized by the copyright holder, its agent or the law.
• A statement that the information contained in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of falsification of the affidavit, that the complainant has the power to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is claimed to have been infringed.
If you are unsure whether you own the rights to a particular work or whether the material that is the subject of the complaint actually constitutes an infringement, please consult an attorney or other counsel, as MyHeritage cannot provide legal advice.
Please note: the DMCA provides penalties for false claims.
Marketing of our Services
By subscribing to the Service, you consent to our use of your contact details in order to offer you MyHeritage products or services that complement the products or services you initially requested.
Such promotional offers can be made by email, telephone or direct mail.
If you do not want to receive commercial offers by email, you can do so at any time using the unsubscribe link indicated in the email or by setting your Email Preferences.
Go to the Email Preferences section in our Privacy Policy.
If you do not wish to receive commercial offers via telephone or direct mail, contact us at privacy@myheritage.com or mention this request when speaking to a MyHeritage employee.
Fee and payments
Subscriptions
MyHeritage offers paid subscription plans in addition to the basic free access to the site, which include: the Premium family site plan, the PremiumPlus family site plan, the Data plan and the Complete plan.
All subscriptions automatically renew to ensure continuity of service.
This means that, once you become a subscriber member, the user's subscription will be renewed automatically and the corresponding amounts will be charged for the entire duration of the subscription, using the chosen payment method, unless the user does deactivate or cancel your subscription by following the instructions set out in this agreement.
Under US law, paid subscription plans and purchases are currently not available to residents of the following countries: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria.
All physical and shipping-requiring goods purchased by us are subject to a contract of carriage.
This implies that the risk of loss and title for these items falls on the buyer from the time of delivery of these items to the carrier.
1.
Opt-out from renewal
The user has the right to choose not to renew his subscriptions by logging in and going to the My purchases page (choose the plan concerned, click on "View details" and then on "Stop the annual renewal") or by calling MyHeritage at + 1-844-994-1888 (toll-free in the United States; see the Contact Us page to check telephone numbers available in other countries).
If the user does not notify us that he wishes to terminate his subscription at least one day before the end of his current subscription period, the payment for the subsequent renewal will still be made.
2.
Free trial
Free trial subscriptions will only be billed at the end of that trial period.
You can cancel a free trial subscription at any time during the trial period by going to the My Purchases page without being charged.
On this page, click on "Data Subscriptions" or "Complete Subscriptions", then on "See details" and finally choose the "End free trial now" option for the selected subscription.
In order to start a free trial, you must provide your billing details.
When you provide the latter and accept the Terms and Conditions, you authorize MyHeritage to automatically charge you for the paid subscription with a recurring annual expiry, starting from when the free trial ends.
Visa cardholders will be notified by email seven days prior to the end of the free trial.
3.
Refund Policy
Customer satisfaction is important to MyHeritage, which is why we offer a thirty (30) day money back guarantee.
If the user is not satisfied with the subscribed plan, he can request a full refund by contacting Customer Support within thirty (30) days of subscribing.
The money back guarantee applies to MyHeritage subscriptions (Premium, PremiumPlus, Data or Full), and not to products shipped, such as MyHeritage DNA kits and family tree posters.
All refunds will be made using the same payment method used for the original purchase.
Please allow a reasonable period of time for the refund to be credited.
4.
Prices Subject to Change
Prices may change from time to time by MyHeritage.
For current pricing information, see the price list.
Additional taxes and customs fees may apply to prices, depending on the country in which you reside.
Following each payment, MyHeritage will send you an email with the purchase details and the amount charged.
​5.
Renewal of fixed price subscriptions
Subscriptions purchased with a fixed price guarantee ("Fixed Price Subscriptions") will renew at the same price at which they were originally purchased.
Any changes to subscription prices will not affect the cost of renewing a Fixed Price Subscription.
If you have a Fixed Price Subscription, as long as you keep it active, you will always be charged the same fixed price at the time of the annual renewal.
If, on the other hand, you terminate a Fixed Price Subscription by canceling its renewal and let it expire, you will no longer have the guarantee of being able to buy it back in the future at the same price.
Payment for DNA Services
If not yet registered, the user will be required to register with MyHeritage when ordering a DNA kit.
Registration is free.
You will need to keep your login credentials to view your DNA exams and report on the website.
1.
Substitutions
In the event that one of the following circumstances should occur, the user is invited to contact us using the contact details indicated in the "Contacts" section below, and we will send a new replacement DNA kit to the address registered at the time of purchase, at no additional cost:
The DNA kit did not arrive at the user's address within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase.
The DNA kit has not arrived in our laboratories within thirty (30) days from the date of shipment by the user.
The DNA kit received is damaged.
2.
Cancellations and Refunds
If the user decides to cancel the order of the DNA kit before the DNA sample has been received by our laboratory, he is entitled to a refund.
To cancel the order and request a refund, you will need to contact us using the contact details indicated in the "Contact" section below.
The refund will include the cost of the DNA test kit, but not the shipping costs, customs fees or import taxes.
All refunds will be made using the same payment method used for the original purchase.
Please allow a reasonable period of time for the refund to be credited.
No refunds can be given for DNA kits that are already being tested in our laboratory or whose analyzes have already been completed.
Once a DNA sample is prevented in our laboratory and has been accepted, the entire cost of the DNA kit becomes non-refundable.
Please note that scientific procedures can sometimes be delayed for various reasons.
The timing of the analyzes may vary depending on the workload of the laboratory or the quality of the biological sample.
The date indicated for the results is a simple prediction, and does not constitute a guarantee of delivery.
3.
Repeat DNA analysis following failure of the laboratory procedure
It is possible that the laboratory is unable to process your sample, and the laboratory procedure can produce errors.
If the analysis of your DNA sample fails, we will send you a new kit for DNA analysis at no additional cost to allow you to have us a new DNA sample.
The DNA analysis kit will be sent to the address registered at the time of purchase.
Although the processing procedures meet our high standards, a small and unknown fraction of the data generated during the laboratory procedure may be uninterpretable or incorrect ("Laboratory Errors").
Since the possibility of such occurrence is known in advance, users are not entitled to refunds when such Lab Errors occur.
4.
Prices Subject to Change
Prices can be changed by MyHeritage at any time.
Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Compensation
Disclaimers
to. Under no circumstances, to the maximum extent authorized by applicable law, MyHeritage and its officers, agents, representatives, employees, licensees and associates are liable for any incorrect or inaccurate information in relation to the service, whether caused by users of the website, from members, our advertisers or business partners, or any equipment or programming linked to or used in the operation of the website or services.
MyHeritage is not responsible for any consequences related to the DNA tests and / or the DNA report, whether correct or incorrect.
b. MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct, online or offline, of any of the members or other users of the website.
Under no circumstances, to the fullest extent authorized by applicable law, are we liable for any loss or damage, including loss of data or information, physical injury or death, as well as any privacy consequences that arise from any person's use of the website. or the service, from any information posted on the website or communicated to members or other users, or from any interaction between members or other users of the website, whether online or offline.
c. The information, products and services contained in the service and website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
The information is periodically updated and modified.
d. MyHeritage is not liable for any errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, deficiencies, delays in operation or transmission, failure of communication lines, theft, destruction, alteration or unauthorized access to member or user communications; and is not responsible for any technical problems or malfunctions of any network or telephone line, online computer systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failures in email or accounts due to technical problems or internet traffic congestion or on any site, or any combination of those aspects.
MyHeritage and its affiliates are not responsible for any damage or injury to the computer equipment of any user of the website, or member, or any other person, in connection with or as a result of the use of the website, for display, reproduction or download of any material on the site, or in any case in connection with the service.
And. The service and the website are provided "as is" and "as available" and, unless prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, guarantees of marketability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and satisfactory quality, or guarantee that the website will be available in any given place or time, without interruption and in safety; guarantee that any errors or defects are correct; or that the service is free from viruses or other harmful components.
We do not guarantee any specific results through the use of the service.
The service may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, policies or practices of any such third party site.
The user expressly releases us from any liability arising from the use of third-party sites or services.
We do not warrant, endorse, assure or assume any responsibility for any specific policy, resource, test, medical or other healthcare provider, drug, biopharmaceutical, medical device or other procedure or opinion, or any product or service advertised or offered. from third parties through the Service or any website linked through hyperlinks, or present in any banner or other advertisement, or other information that may be mentioned on this website.
We will not be a party to or control in any way any transaction between the user and third party suppliers of products or services.
We and our third party suppliers make no warranties as to the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the website content for any purpose.
In no event shall we or our third party suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special or other damage, including, but not limited to, loss of profit, loss of data or any other contractual, non-contractual, equitable damage. or of any other nature, even if forewarned of this possibility.
f. MyHeritage has the discretion to preview, review, test, remove or modify DNA tests or reports.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will MyHeritage (or its third party suppliers) be liable to you or to any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including damages resulting from the use or misuse of the service or any part of it, even if forewarned of this possibility.
Without prejudice to any provisions to the contrary contained herein, our liability (or that of our third party suppliers) towards you or any third party for any reason and regardless of the type of action, will always be limited to any amount paid to us by the user for the service during his subscription period.
We assume no responsibility for any (i) errors, oversights or inaccuracies in the content; (ii) damage to person or property, of any nature, resulting from access and use of the service; (iii) unauthorized access to our servers and / or any information contained therein; (iv) any interruption or suspension of transmission from or to the service; (v) any bug, virus, trojan or similar, which may be transmitted by or through the service; and / or (vi) any loss or damage of any kind caused by the use of the service by the user, whether as a guarantee, contract, tort or other title.
The aforementioned limitations of liability apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
Since some states / jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, this limitation may in part not apply to the user.
IF THE USER IS DISSATISFIED WITH ANY ASPECT OF OUR SERVICE, OR ANY PART OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE SOLE AND SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICE.
Allowance
You represent and hold harmless MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, officers, agents, licensees, managers, affiliates and third parties acting on our behalf, as well as their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, from any loss, liability, claim or claim, including any reasonable legal fees, advanced by any third party due to or arising from your use or access to the service, your breach of this agreement and / or any breach of any of the above representations or warranties, and / or if any information published by the user on the website, or otherwise sent to us or received through the service, causes our liability towards third parties.
Statute of limitations in relation to DNA services
You agree that, regardless of any statutes or laws to the contrary (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law), any claim or legal action arising from your use of the DNA services or this section or related thereto, must be taken within a (1) year from the time the reason for such claim or legal action originated, or will be permanently archived.
Additional terms for members
1.
Registration and Security
A. During the registration process, the user must provide an email address, full name and must choose a password.
Such information must be provided in a correct, complete, accurate and up-to-date manner.
Violation of this obligation constitutes a violation of this agreement.
The user declares to be aware of the fact that he cannot (i) indicate or use the name or email address of another person in order to steal his identity; (ii) use the name or email address of another person without her consent; (iii) indicate a false year or date of birth; or (iv) use a name or email address that we believe, in our sole discretion, to be improper or offensive.
B. You must be over 13 years of age to use the service, unless the laws of the State of residence or from which you use the service do not provide otherwise (for more information see the section entitled "Users under 13 or 14 years of age " down).
Registration and access to the website are valid as a declaration of being at least 13 years old.
Users under the age of 13 but under the age of 18 will need to provide written consent from a parent or legal guardian in order to use the service (see the section entitled "Minors" below for more information).
C. The user is responsible for any use or activity on the website through his / her password and for keeping the password confidential.
We will not ask to disclose the password to any of our representatives.
The disclosure of the password to allow access to the website to third parties is expressly prohibited and constitutes a violation of this agreement.
Please notify us by sending an email to our main address or to privacy@myheritage.com if you are aware of or suspect any unauthorized use of your subscription, or any other known or suspected breach of security.
Any fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity in any way could result in the termination of the user's subscription, at our complete discretion, and the user could be reported to the competent law enforcement agencies.
2.
Changes to this Agreement and the Service
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change this agreement or the service at any time.
Changes to the service will be posted on the website.
If the user does not consider it reasonable or does not accept any part of this agreement or any change to the agreement or service, please stop using the service.
Continuing to use the service now or after any changes to this agreement is considered acceptance of the changes, and the latter become binding.
Please, therefore, carefully check the updated version of the agreement, to make sure you are aware of any changes.
When this agreement is substantially modified, the updated label will appear, immediately visible, next to the "Terms of Service" link which refers to this agreement, at the bottom of the service pages.
The updated label will be removed after 30 days, or even earlier if the user visits the terms and conditions page to view it.
3.
Users under the age allowed
With the exception of DNA services (see the previous sub-section "Eligibility" in the "DNA Services" section) we require users to be at least 13 years of age to create an account on MyHeritage.
In some jurisdictions, the age limit may be higher.
Providing false information to create an account always constitutes a violation of this agreement.
This includes accounts registered for children under 13 by older persons.
If your child (under 13) has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete it by logging into their account, selecting "Account Settings" from the account menu in the upper right corner of the page, and finally clicking on "Cancel my account ".
If you want to report an account registered by a child under 13, please send us the details by email at privacy@myheritage.com.
We will quickly delete all accounts of children under the age of 13 that are reported to us.
In most jurisdictions, the Service (excluding the DNA Services) requires users to be 13 or older in order to create an account.
We are committed to creating a global service with uniform standards for all, but we must also comply with local laws.
In accordance with the laws in force in Spain, Israel and South Korea, we require users living in those countries to be at least 14 years old before creating an account and using the Service (but not the DNA Services).
If your child (under 14) residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete it by logging into their account, selecting "Account Settings" from the Account menu in the upper right corner of the page, and finally clicking on "Cancel my account".
If you would like to report to us an account registered by a minor under 14 residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea, please email us the details at privacy@myheritage.com.
We will immediately delete all accounts of minors under the age of 14 residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea that are reported to us.
4.
Minors
With the exception of the DNA services (see the previous sub-section "Eligibility" in the "DNA Services" section) minors (under the age of 18) can use the service only after they are at least 13 years old (see the previous section on users under the age of 13 or 14), and after obtaining consent from the parents or legal guardian for the use of the service ("Consent").
Minors who have not obtained this consent cannot use the service until the age of 18.
In some countries, the Service may present a special mandatory parent / guardian consent form when a user identified as a minor signs up for or accesses the Service.
In this consent form a parent or guardian is required to enter their full name and email address, and to check some boxes in which they claim to be a parent or guardian of the minor, to accept this Agreement and the privacy policy of the Service, and to assume responsibility for the use of the Service by the minor.
If such a consent form appears, the Service cannot be used until it is completed.
If the user is not a Minor, the form allows the user to declare it and to enter the correct year of birth.
Once the consent form has been completed and submitted, the Service will document the details of the Consent, but will not make any other use of the parent or guardian data entered on the form.
Litigation and applicable law
This Agreement and any dispute concerning the Service will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to any provisions relating to conflicts of laws, and you agree that any legal proceeding relating to the execution, implementation and / o application of this Agreement will be subject to a reservation of jurisdiction in favor of the courts of Tel Aviv, Israel.
The user also accepts that the service should not be considered a legal entity, and does not give rise to any legal liability towards MyHeritage, neither specific nor generic, in different legal systems than the Israeli one.
In the unlikely event that a dispute with you could not be resolved after attempting an amicable settlement, each claim must be made in a personal capacity, and not as a representative plaintiff or group representative in connection with any collective action or representative proceeding.
The user declares to know that, by accepting this agreement, both parties renounce the right to participate in collective actions.
Indivisible agreement
This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy, the Informed Consent on DNA (the "Informed Consent") and any other document or condition published by MyHeritage on the Website (when applicable), constitutes the indivisible agreement between the user and MyHeritage in connection with the website and the service.
Failure by us to exercise any right or faculty under this agreement and / or informed consent shall not be considered as a waiver of such rights or faculties.
The section titles of this agreement are placed for convenience only, and have no legal value or contractual effect.
This agreement and / or informed consent operate to the fullest extent permitted by law.
If any clause of this agreement and / or informed consent is contrary to the law, void or unenforceable, this clause is considered severable from this agreement and / or informed consent and has no impact on the validity and applicability of any remaining provision. .
This agreement, and any right or license granted therein, may not be transferred or assigned to other parties by the user, but only by us without any restrictions.
Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this provision is null and void.
If we provide you with a translation of the English version of this agreement, the English language version will always prevail in the event of a conflict.
Contacts
If you have any questions or concerns about this agreement, the website, the service or any other related issue, you can contact us at the following address or visit our Help Center.
Customer service
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel
https://www.myheritage.com
