https://policy.pinterest.com/it/terms-of-service; Terms of Service
Thanks for using Pinterest.
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern access to and use of Pinterest's website, apps, programming interfaces (API) and widgets ("Pinterest" or the "Service" ).
Please read these Terms carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
By logging in or using Pinterest, you agree to these Terms, our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy and our Community Guidelines.
More simply
Each company has its own terms.
These are ours.
1.
Our service
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love.
By following your activities on and off the ground, we then show you what we find relevant, interesting and personal to you.
To provide the Service, we need to be able to identify you and your interests.
Sometimes what we show you is sponsored by our advertisers.
Our service expects sponsored content to be relevant and interesting to you as well.
Sponsored content is easily identifiable because it is clearly marked.
More simply
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love.
It is customized for you.
Knowing what you like, we shape Pinterest to your tastes and interests.
2.
Use of Pinterest
to. Who can use Pinterest
You can only use Pinterest if you can legally enter into a binding contract and only in accordance with these Terms and all applicable laws.
When you create your Pinterest account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information.
You cannot use Pinterest if prohibited by US sanctions.
Use or access by persons under the age of 13 is not permitted.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you can only use Pinterest if you have reached the age that allows you to consent to the processing of data under the laws of your country.
To use Pinterest, you may need to download software to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device.
You agree that the software will be updated automatically and that these Terms apply to all updates.
b. License we grant you
In accordance with these Terms and our policies (including our Community Guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to use our Service.
c. Commercial use of Pinterest
If you intend to use Pinterest for business purposes, you must create a business account and agree to our Business Terms of Service.
If you open an account for a business, organization or other entity, the term "you" includes you and that entity, and you certify that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms and bind the entity to these Terms and agree to these Terms on behalf of the entity.
More simply
You can only use Pinterest if you are over 13 (or older in other countries).
Also, if you use Pinterest for work, you need to create a business account.
3.
Your content
to. Content publishing
Pinterest allows you to post content, including comments, photos, links, and other material.
Anything you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is called "User Content".
You retain all rights to User Content you post on Pinterest and are solely responsible for it.
More simply
The content you post on Pinterest remains your property.
b. How Pinterest and other users can use your content
You grant Pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sublicensable worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform and distribute your User Content on Pinterest only to purpose of intervention, development, supply and use of Pinterest.
Nothing contained in these Terms will limit any other legal rights of Pinterest in User Content, for example under other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content, or change how it is used on Pinterest, for any reason.
The foregoing includes User Content that we believe is in violation of these Terms, the Community Guidelines, or any other disclosures.
More simply
We may show the content you post on Pinterest to other users, who can save your content.
Don't post pornographic or spam content, or harass other people on Pinterest.
c. Content retention time
Following the closure or deactivation of your account or if you remove User Content from Pinterest, such Content may be retained by us for a reasonable period of time for backup, archiving or control purposes.
Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, view, reproduce, re-pin, edit, create derivative works, run and distribute your User Content that other users have stored or shared through Pinterest.
More simply
If you choose to post content, you grant us permission to use it to provide the Service and improve Pinterest.
Copies of content shared with others may remain even after you delete content from your account.
d. Your feedback
The opinion of our users is very important to us and we are always ready to listen to them to make Pinterest even better.
If you decide to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you agree that we can use them without any restrictions or compensation to you.
By accepting your submission of the foregoing, Pinterest is not waiving any right to use similar or related feedback previously known to Pinterest or developed through its employees or obtained from sources other than you.
More simply
We can use your suggestions to improve Pinterest.
4.
Copyright Policy
Pinterest has adopted and implemented Pinterest's Copyright Policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable copyright laws.
For more information, see our Copyright Policy.
More simply
We respect copyrights.
You have to do the same.
5.
Safety
We care about the safety of our users.
While Pinterest strives to protect the security of your content and account, it cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not jeopardize the security measures adopted.
We ask that you keep your password secure.
Immediately notify us of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account.
More simply
You can help us fight spammers by keeping these safety tips in mind.
6.
Third party links, sites and services
Pinterest may contain links to third party websites, announcements, services, special offers or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest.
We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for such third party sites, information, materials, products or services.
If you access third-party websites, services or content from Pinterest, you do so at your own risk and you agree that Pinterest has no liability arising from your use of or access to third-party websites, services or content.
More simply
Pinterest contains links to content outside Pinterest.
Most of them are fantastic, but if they are not we are not responsible for them.
7.
Revocation
Pinterest may revoke or suspend your right to access or use Pinterest for any reason with due notice.
We may terminate or suspend your access immediately and without notice if we have a compelling reason to do so, for example if we find violations of our Community Guidelines.
In the event of a revocation, you will continue to be bound by Sections 3 and 8 of these Terms.
More simply
Pinterest is provided free of charge.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, but will do so in a reasonable manner.
8.
Allowance
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e. you are not a consumer) without accepting our Business Terms of Service as required by Section 2 (c) of these Terms, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pinterest and its contributors, directors, employees and agents, from any claim, lawsuit, legal process, dispute, claim, liability, damage, loss, cost and expense, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including legal defense costs against claims, lawsuits or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to your access or use of our Service, your User Content or your violation of these Terms.
More simply
If we are sued for actions your company does on Pinterest, you will have to pay the costs we incur.
Also, you must first have created a business account and accepted our Business Terms of Service.
9.
Warranty exclusions
Our Service and all content on Pinterest are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied.
PINTEREST EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY AND CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING FROM NEGOTIATIONS OR COMMERCIAL USE.
Pinterest assumes no responsibility for User Content that you or any other person or third party post or submit using our Service.
You acknowledge and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, questionable, unsuitable for children or otherwise inappropriate for your purpose.
If you are an EEA consumer, we do not exclude or limit any liability for willful misconduct or gross negligence, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.
More simply
Unfortunately, people post inappropriate content on services like Pinterest.
We pay close attention to this issue, but you may still find these types of content before we can remove them.
If you see inappropriate content, please report it here.
10.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PINTEREST WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, NOR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE, WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR FOR ANY USE FOR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS ARISING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PRODUCTS OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE, (B) ANY THIRD PARTY CONDUCT OR CONTENT RELATING TO THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ILLEGAL, OFFENSIVE CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR YOUR CONTENT.
IN NO EVENT WILL PINTEREST'S TOTAL TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED AMERICAN DOLLARS (US $ 100.00).
If we cause you harm and you are an EEA consumer, the above does not apply to you.
Conversely, Pinterest's liability will be limited to foreseeable damages caused by the breach of material contractual obligations typical of this type of contract.
Pinterest is not liable for damages resulting from a non-material breach of any other applicable service obligation.
This imitation of liability will not apply to any legal liability that cannot be limited, to any liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or to exclude our liability for something we have expressly promised you.
More simply
We are making the best possible service for you, but we cannot promise that it will be perfect.
We are not responsible for several aspects.
If you think otherwise, let's try to solve the problem as adults.
11.
Arbitration
For any dispute between you and Pinterest, you agree to contact us in the first instance and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally.
If we need to contact you, we will write to you at the email address of your Pinterest account.
If Pinterest has not been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to resolve any claims, disputes or disputes (except for injunctive or equitable claims) that arise outside or in connection with or with respect to these Terms by binding arbitration or (by valid claim) in a small claims court.
Arbitration allows us to resolve our differences more informally than a court case.
For example, arbitration employs a neutral arbitrator rather than a judge or jury, requires a more limited number of evidence, and is subject to very limited court review.
Although the trial is more informal, arbitrators can issue damages and injunctions like a court.
You agree that by accepting these Terms of Service, the U.S. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and compliance of this provision and whether you or Pinterest are waiving the right to a jury trial or participation in class action.
The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, enforceability or enforceability of such binding arbitration agreement.
This arbitration provision will survive the termination of this Agreement and the termination of your Pinterest account.
Any dispute will be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time for the AAA, except as provided in this agreement.
You can download the relevant forms from the website www.adr.org.
Unless you and Pinterest decide otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county (or district) where you reside.
Each party will be responsible for paying any administrative, arbitration and registration fees to the AAA in accordance with the AAA rules, except that Pinterest will pay the reasonable administrative, arbitration and registration fees incurred by you if your claim does not exceed $ 75,000 and is not considered unfounded (as determined by the requirements set out in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 (b)).
If your claim is equal to or less than $ 10,000, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration should be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, by wiretapping, or by listening to an in-person conversation, such as established by the rules of the AAA.
If your claim exceeds $ 10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by AAA rules.
Regardless of how the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue an arbitration award in writing explaining the essential findings and conclusions of the award, and any competent court may make a judgment on the arbitration award.
Nothing contained in this section will prevent the parties from obtaining an injunction or other equitable remedy from the courts for matters related to data security, intellectual property or unauthorized access to the Service.
ANY CLAIM MUST RELATE TO INDIVIDUAL PARTIES, BUT NOT AS COMPETITORS OR MEMBERS OF ALLEGED COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS AND, UNLESS AGREED TO OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE THE CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE PERSON.
YOU AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU AND PINTEREST ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR PARTICIPATION IN A COLLECTIVE ACTION.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE HAS EFFECT ON ANY IRRENOUNCABLE RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU.
To the extent that any claim, dispute or dispute regarding Pinterest or our Service cannot be submitted to arbitration under applicable law or otherwise, both you and Pinterest agree that any claim or dispute regarding Pinterest will be resolved solely in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms.
If you are an EEA consumer, Section 11 does not apply to you.
12.
Applicable law and competent court
These Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of California, regardless of conflicts with legal principles.
If you are not an EEA consumer, the exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising out of or related to this agreement is San Francisco County, California, or the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and the dispute will be resolved under California law.
If you are an EEA consumer, this will in no way deprive you of the protection you enjoy under the applicable law of the country where you live, or of access to the courts of your country.
More simply
The Bay Area is beautiful these days.
No matter what the time of year, that's why it's so beautiful!
Either way, if you want to sue us, you'll have to do it here.
This applies if you are an EEA trader, but not if you are a consumer.
If you are an EEA consumer, you can sue us in the courts and under the law of your country.
13.
General terms
Notification Procedures and Changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to determine the form and means by which we send you notifications and you agree to receive legal notices in electronic format, should we opt for this decision.
We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website.
If a review, in our discretion, is critical, we will notify you.
By continuing to access or use Pinterest after the revisions take effect, you agree to be bound by the new Terms.
If you don't agree to the new terms, you'll need to stop using Pinterest.
More simply
If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you.
If you disagree with the new terms, you will need to stop using Pinterest.
Transfer
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted under these Terms, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be transferred from Pinterest without any restrictions.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation of these Terms will be considered void.
If you are an EEA consumer, both you and Pinterest can transfer this agreement and any rights and licenses granted by it to a third party.
If such a transfer is made by Pinterest, you are authorized to terminate the agreement with immediate effect by deactivating your account.
Pinterest will notify you of any transfer with reasonable notice.
Entire Agreement / Disclaimer
These Terms, together with the privacy policies and any amendments and additional agreements you may enter into with Pinterest, will constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest in relation to the Service.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid, it will be eliminated or limited to what is strictly necessary and the remaining provisions of these Terms will continue to be in full force and effect.
No derogation
No waiver of any of these Terms will be considered as a further or continuing waiver of that term or any other term, and Pinterest's failure to protect a right of its own or the failure to enforce a provision in force under these Terms will not will constitute no waiver of such right or provision.
Set off
If you live in the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Inc.,
651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
If you live outside the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Europe Ltd.,
an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
More simply
The people you deal with depend on where you live.
Effective from 1 May 2018
