Terms of Use of the Ryanair Website
1.
General provisions.
This website is owned by Ryanair DAC, an Irish company with registration number 104547 and registered office at Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co.
Dublin, Ireland (hereinafter "Ryanair").
By browsing this website and using its contents, directly or through third parties, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use and to act in full compliance with them.
In particular, the user agrees not to carry out what is prohibited by the following paragraphs 3 to 7.
If the user does not accept these Terms of Use, he is not authorized to browse the website or use its contents, and undertakes to do so.
2.
Exclusive online sales channel.
This website is the only one authorized for the sale of Ryanair Group flights (where "Ryanair Group" includes Ryanair DAC, Ryanair Sun, Ryanair UK and Laudamotion), both if purchased individually and if purchased together with other services.
Price comparison sites may enter into a written license agreement with Ryanair which authorizes them to access information on Ryanair Group ticket prices, timetables and flights for the sole purpose of providing a price comparison.
3.
Permitted use.
The user is not authorized to use this website (including the mobile app and any web page and / or data that is filtered through the ryanair.com web domain), the underlying computer programs (including the "API" application interfaces ), domain names, Uniform Resource Locators (the “URLs”), databases, its functions and contents, except for personal and non-commercial purposes.
The use of any automatic system or software, operated by third parties or not, in order to extract data from the website for commercial purposes ("screen scraping") is strictly prohibited.
4.
Reserves the right to guarantee a permitted use of the website and to prevent unauthorized use.
In order to assert its rights and prevent unauthorized use of the website, Ryanair reserves the right to take all measures deemed necessary, without giving any notice, including the initiation of legal proceedings, against any party involved. in the unauthorized use of this website, including the use of blocking technologies (which could in turn involve the execution of automatic searches on the websites of such third parties, the screen scrape of such sites, the screen scrape of the Ryanair website by such third parties, violation of the terms of use of such websites or other similar and associated actions).
5.
Consent (to Ryanair) to investigate violations.
Ryanair reserves the right to initiate all investigations deemed necessary (including through the use of technological tools) in relation to any violation of these Terms of Use.
By accessing this website, the user authorizes Ryanair to initiate all necessary investigations in order to prevent unauthorized use of the website.
6.
Intellectual Property Rights.
All information, data, underlying computer programs (including APIs), domain names, URLs, databases, and materials on this website, including names, logos, flight schedules, prices etc. , as well as the combination of colors and the layout of the website, are protected by copyright, trademark rights, database rights and / or other intellectual property rights.
The user may use the content only to the extent strictly necessary for a personal, permitted and non-commercial purpose.
Any other use and / or reproduction of such content is prohibited without Ryanair's prior written consent.
Unauthorized use constitutes a violation of these Terms of Use, and could constitute a violation of Ryanair's intellectual property rights.
7.
Links to this website.
The user may not create and / or use links to this website without Ryanair's prior written consent.
8.
Limited responsability.
Ryanair declines all responsibility for any loss and / or damage resulting from the use of this website or any other site to which a link is provided, as well as from the use of information published on this website or on such other sites.
9.
Applicable law and competent court.
The use of any Ryanair Group website, including access to information relating to flight details, prices etc., is subject to the condition that the user accepts that he is subject to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Republic of Ireland and the application of the law in that jurisdiction (except as provided by the mandatory rules of consumer law), regardless of whether access to such information or facilities is in the interest of the user himself or on behalf of third parties .
In its sole and sole discretion, Ryanair will have the right to bring legal action against any party that violates these Terms of Use, in Ireland, in the country where the violation occurred or in the country where the party is domiciled. in violation or, if there are more parties in violation, in the country of residence of one of them, and all other parties must agree to be subject to such jurisdiction.
For clarity, if a passenger transported or to be transported, by virtue of a transport contract stipulated with one of the companies of the Ryanair Group, intends to initiate legal action against a company of the Ryanair Group on the basis of the aforementioned transport contract, such action may be brought by the passenger exclusively in compliance with the provisions of the Montreal Convention of 1999 and of EC Regulation no. 2027/1997 (as amended by Regulation no. 889/2002) and any subsequent amendments.
