https://web.archive.org/web/20170718231142/https://www.snap.com/it-IT/terms/
Snap Group Limited Terms of Service
(if you reside outside the United States)
Effective: January 10, 2017
Welcome!
We are pleased that you have decided to use Snapchat and our other products and services, which we will collectively refer to below as "Services".
We have drawn up these Terms of Service (hereinafter "Terms") to let you know the rules that govern our relationship with you.
We have done everything possible to eliminate legal language, however some points of the Terms may still read as a traditional contract.
This is because in effect these Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Snap Group Limited.
Therefore, please read them carefully.
By using the Services, you agree to these Terms.
If you do not agree with the Terms, do not use the Services.
These Terms apply to anyone who resides outside the United States of America or who is using the Services on behalf of a business located outside the United States of America.
For those who reside in the United States or are using the Services on behalf of a company located there, Snap Inc.'s Terms of Service.
are the applicable terms.
ARBITRATION NOTE: IF YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, YOUR COMPANY IS REQUIRED TO COMPLY WITH THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT APPEARS FURTHER IN THESE TERMS.
Who can use the Services
No one under the age of 13 can create an account or use the Services.
We may offer additional Services under additional conditions that may require you to be even older to use the Services.
We therefore invite you to carefully read all the Terms.
By using the Services, you declare that:
To be able to enter into a binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
Not being a person who has been denied use of the Services under the laws of the United States, the United Kingdom or any other applicable jurisdiction; or not to be included in the US Treasury Department's list of "Specially Designated Nationals" or to be subject to any other similar prohibition.
Observe these Terms and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a company or other person, you represent that you are authorized to grant any permissions set forth in these Terms and to accept these Terms on behalf of the company or person in question.
2.
Rights we grant you
Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, worldwide, free, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable and non-sub-licensable license to access and use the Services.
This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefits of the Services in the manner permitted by these Terms and usage policies, such as our Community Guidelines.
Any software we provide may automatically download and install updates, later versions or other new features.
You can manage these automatic downloads through your device settings.
You are not authorized to copy, modify, distribute, sell or rent our Services, in whole or in part.
You are also not permitted to reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of the software, unless laws prohibit such restrictions or unless you have our written consent.
3.
Rights that you grant us
Many of our Services allow you to create, upload, publish, send, receive and store content.
In doing so, you retain any ownership rights in relation to that content.
However, you grant us the right to use such content.
The extent of this license depends on the Service used and the Settings selected.
For all services other than Live, Local and other crowdsourced Services, agreements with Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and our affiliates a worldwide, free, sub-licensable and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish and distribute such content for as long as you use the Services.
This license is for the sole purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting and improving the Services as well as researching and developing new ones.
Since Live, Premises and any other crowdsourced Services are public by their nature and are of public interest, your license for the content generated with these Services is broader.
In addition to granting us the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph, you also grant us license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, transmit, sell for a fee, sublicense, publicly represent and publicly display the content sent to Live, Local or any other service. in crowdsourcing in any form, on any media channel and with any method of distribution (whether they are currently known or subsequently developed).
To the extent necessary, when you appear in, create, upload, post or submit content to Live, Local or other crowdsourced content, you also grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
to our subsidiaries and business partners worldwide unlimited right and license to use your name, likeness and voice.
This means, among other things, that you are not entitled to any compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
or our subsidiaries and business partners, if your name, likeness or voice is broadcast or conveyed through Live, Local or other crowdsourced Services, either on the Snapchat application or on a platform of one of our business partners.
For more information on how to restrict the display of your content, take a look at our Privacy Policy and Support Site.
While we are not required to do so, we may access, review, transmit and delete your content at any time and for any reason, even if we believe your content violates these Terms.
However, you remain solely responsible for the content you create, upload, publish, send or store through the Services.
The Services may contain advertisements.
As Snap Group Limited grants you access to and use the Services, you agree that Snapchat Limited, Snap Inc.,
our affiliates and third-party partners may place advertisements on the Services, including advertisements tailored to the information you provide to us or that we collect or obtain about you.
Because the Services feature content that you and other users provide to us, advertisements may sometimes appear alongside your content.
We always like to know the opinions of our users.
However, we inform you that if you express comments or suggestions spontaneously, we can use your ideas without recognizing you any compensation.
4.
Third Party Content
Much of the content within our Services is produced by users, publishers and other third parties.
Whether the content is disseminated in public or where it is sent privately, it is only the person or organization that sent it who is responsible for it.
Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review all content appearing on the Services and to remove any content that violates these Terms; however not all content is necessarily reviewed.
Therefore, we cannot, nor do we assume, responsibility for any content that others provide through the Services.
Through these Terms and Community Guidelines, we have made it clear that the Services cannot be used inappropriately.
However, as we do not review all content, we cannot guarantee that content on the Services will always comply with our Terms or Guidelines.
5.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
You can find out more about how we manage your data when you use our Services by consulting the Privacy Policy.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully as, by using our Services, you agree that your data may be collected and processed by Snap Group Limited in the UK and Snap Inc.
in the United States, as well as their affiliates, and moved out of your country of residence, including countries that may not have the same data protection laws as your country.
6.
Respect for the rights of third parties
Snap Group Limited respects the rights of third parties and you should do the same.
You cannot therefore use our Services in such a way that your actions:
violate the rights of disclosure, privacy, copyright, registered or registered trademarks or other intellectual property rights.
constitute bullying, harassment or intimidation.
are defamatory.
constitute spam or unwanted solicitation for our users.
Additionally, you must respect the rights of Snap Group Limited and its affiliates, including Snap Inc .. These Terms do not grant you the right to:
use any brands, logos, graphics, photographs, videos or other materials used in our Services.
copy, store, download, upload, distribute, assign for a fee, transmit, represent, display, make available or otherwise use the Services or the content of the Services, in whole or in part, except as indicated in these Terms.
use the Services, tools provided by the Services, or any content on the Services for commercial purposes without our permission.
In conclusion, you cannot use the Services or their contents in ways not expressly authorized by these Terms, nor can you help others to do so.
7.
Respect for copyright
We respect copyright.
Therefore, we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove any copyright infringing material that we become aware of from our Services.
Additionally, should Snap Group Limited become aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights, we will take reasonable steps within our powers to terminate your account.
Reporting a possible copyright infringement is very simple.
If you believe that anything within our Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, please fill out this form.
Alternatively, you can send a report to one of our representatives:
Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291, USA
email: copyright@snap.com
Sending a notification to our copyright agent must:
contain the physical or digital signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder.
identify the allegedly infringed copyrighted work.
identify the material that you believe is infringing these rights or is the subject of illegal activity and that you intend to have removed, or identify the access you intend to prevent, and provide sufficient information in order to locate the material in question.
provide contact details, including postal address, telephone number and email address.
provide a personal statement specifying that it is believed in good faith that the use of the material in the contested manner is not authorized by the owner of the rights, by its agent or by current regulations.
provide a declaration that the information contained in the notification is correct and that, under penalty of misrepresentation, you are the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
8.
Safety
We are committed to maintaining the security of our Services for all of our users, but we cannot guarantee this.
That's why we need your help.
By using the Services, you agree to:
Do not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms.
Do not use any robot, spider, crawler or other automated means or interface to access the Services or to extract information about other users.
You may not use or develop any third party application that interacts with the Services or with other users' content or information without our written consent.
Not to use the Services in a way that could interfere with other users, upset them, negatively affect them or prevent them from fully enjoying the Services; not to use the Services in a way that could damage, disable, overload or impair the functioning of the Services.
Do not use or attempt to use any other user's account, username or password without their permission.
Do not ask other users for their login credentials.
Do not post content that is pornographic or contains violence, threats, hate speech or incitement to violence.
Do not upload viruses or other harmful code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
Do not attempt to circumvent the content filtering techniques we use or attempt to access areas or features of the Services that you are not authorized to access.
Do not probe, analyze or test the vulnerability of our Services or any system or network.
Do not encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
We also care about your safety while using the Services.
Therefore, do not use our Services in ways that may distract you and do not enforce traffic laws or safety laws.
For example, never use Snaps while driving and never jeopardize your safety or that of others just to take a Snap.
9.
Your account
You are responsible for any activity that occurs in your Snapchat account.
For this, it is important to keep it safe.
To do this, you might choose a strong password that you don't use for any other account.
By using our Services, you declare, in addition to using them with common sense, that you:
Do not create more than one account for yourself.
Do not create another account if we have already deactivated one, unless you have received our written consent.
Do not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to your Snapchat account, Live, Snaps, Snapchat username, or friend's link without our written consent.
Don't share your password.
Do not log in or attempt to access the Services through unauthorized third-party applications or clients.
If you think someone has accessed your account, contact Snapchat Support immediately.
10.
Memories
Memories is our data storage service that makes it easier for you to relive the past anytime, anywhere.
By accepting these Terms, you automatically enable Memories.
Once the Memories feature is activated, it will remain so for as long as your Snapchat account is active.
However, you can disable some Memories features through the settings.
One of the options we provide with Ricordi is the ability to create a restricted area by setting a passcode, which can be a PIN or passphrase or other mechanism.
This feature is similar to the device lock option you probably use on your mobile device; setting a passcode will make it less likely that if another person gets hold of your device, they will be able to see what you have saved within the restricted area of ​​Memories.
But beware: if you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or if you enter the wrong one too many times, you will lose access to all the contents saved in the Memories reserved area.
In fact, no passcode recovery method is offered for this restricted area.
Remembering the passcode is your sole responsibility.
Go to our Support Site for more information on this.
Your content in Memories may become unavailable for various reasons, for example due to a technical-operational problem or our decision to terminate your account.
Since we cannot guarantee the perennial availability of your content, we recommend that you keep a separate copy of the content you save on Ricordi.
We cannot guarantee that Ricordi will be able to fully satisfy your storage needs.
We reserve the right to set storage limits in Memories, limits that we may change from time to time in our sole discretion.
And as with our other Services, your use of Memories may take up space on your device and may be subject to charges related to the transmission of mobile data.
None of Ricordi's features are resellable.
This means that you cannot, for example, use Memories as your personal file storage or as a distribution service for other people.
11.
Data rates and mobile phones
You are responsible for all applicable mobile phone charges in connection with your use of our Services, including text messaging and data charges.
If you are unsure of the applicable charges, please contact your carrier before using the Services.
If you change or deactivate the mobile number used to create your Snapchat account, you must update your account information via Settings within 72 hours to prevent us from sending other people messages intended for you.
12.
Third Party Services
If you use a third-party operated service, feature or functionality made available through our Services (including joint Services offered with third parties), the relationship between you and the respective party will be governed by that party's terms.
Né Snap Group Limited né Snap Inc.
are responsible for the terms established by third parties or for actions taken under the terms of third parties.
13.
Modification of the Services and withdrawal
We are constantly improving our Services and creating new ones every time.
This means that we can add or remove features, products or features and we can also suspend or discontinue the Services altogether.
We can take such actions at any time and, in this case, we will try to give you advance notice, but this will not always be possible.
While we hope you will remain a Snapchatter for a long time, you can opt out of the Terms at any time for any reason by deleting your account.
Snap Group Limited may also terminate these Terms at any time, for any reason.
In this case we will try to give you prior notification, but we are unable to guarantee this.
Our right to terminate these Terms means that we may stop providing any Service or impose new or additional limitations on your ability to use the Services.
For example, we can deactivate your account for reasons of prolonged inactivity and we can reuse your username at any time and for any reason.
Regardless of who withdraws from these Terms, both you and Snap Group Limited continue to be bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 13-22 of these Terms.
14.
Indemnification
You agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
our affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents to and from any and all claims, indemnities, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including attorney's fees) arising out of, arising out of or in in any way related to: (a) your access to and use of the Services; (b) your content; and (c) your breach of these Terms.
15.
Exemption
We do our best to keep the Services fully operational and problem-free.
However, we do not guarantee that we will succeed.
The Services are provided "as is" and "as available" and, to the extent permitted by law, without warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties, conditions or other terms relating to merchantability. , satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, ownership, peaceful enjoyment, non-infringement, or consequent to commercial conduct.
Furthermore, although Snap Group Limited undertakes to provide a good use by users, it does not represent or guarantee that: (a) the Services are always safe, error-free and on time; (b) the Services are always functioning and without delays, interruptions or imperfections; or (c) any content or data obtained through the Services is timely or accurate.
Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and their affiliates disclaim all responsibility for any content created, uploaded, posted, posted or stored through our Services by you, another user or third party.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that may be offensive, illegal, misleading or otherwise inappropriate, without Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
nor are their subsidiaries responsible for any of these.
16.
Limitation of Liability
Where permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and their affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents are not liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or multiple damages, or for any data loss, use or goodwill, or other intangible , resulting from: (a) your use or inability to use the Services; (b) your access to or your inability to access the Services; (c) the behavior or content of other users or third parties on the Services or through the Services; or (d) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your content, even if Snapchat Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In no event is the overall liability of Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
or their affiliates for any claim relating to the Services will exceed the greater of £ 100 GBP and any amount you have paid to Snap Group Limited in the last 12 months.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
17.
Dispute Resolution, Arbitration
If there is something that worries you, let's talk about it.
Please contact us first and we will do our best to resolve the problem.
Some of our Services may have additional terms that contain dispute resolution provisions that apply only to that Service or to your country of residence.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business (as opposed to for your own personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that, to the extent permitted by law, all claims and disputes between us, arising out of or related to these Terms or any use of the Services will be treated definitively in accordance with the LCIA Arbitration Rules, incorporated by reference into this clause.
An arbitrator (appointed by the LCIA) will be present and the arbitration venue will be London.
The arbitration will take place in the English language.
If you do not intend to accept this clause, you must not use the Services.
18.
Exclusive forum
To the extent permitted by the parties under these Terms for initiating a dispute before a court, both you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes (contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of our Services will be brought exclusively in the courts of England in the United Kingdom, unless permitted by the laws of your country of residence.
You and Snap Group Limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
19.
Choice of applicable law
The laws of England and Wales govern these Terms and all claims and disputes (contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to these Terms or their contents.
The courts of some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales to certain disputes relating to these Terms.
If you are a resident of one of these countries, the laws of your country of residence may apply to such disputes.
20.
Partial nullity
In the event that any provision of these Terms is found to be void or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed independent of these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions.
21.
Additional Terms for Specific Services
Given the breadth of our Services, we sometimes need to define additional terms and conditions for specific Services.
These additional terms and conditions, made available with the relevant Services, become an integral part of our agreement when you use these Services.
If any part of these additional terms and conditions is found to conflict with these Terms, the additional terms and conditions will prevail.
22.
Final provisions
These Terms (together with any other terms applicable to the specific Services you use) constitute the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede any prior agreements.
These Terms do not create or confer rights on third party beneficiaries.
If we fail to enforce a provision contained in these Terms, this shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You cannot transfer any rights or obligations set forth in these Terms without our consent.
Contact us
Snap Group Limited welcomes any comments, questions, concerns or suggestions.
You can send us your comments or receive assistance using this online form.
The company responsible for the Services outside of the United States is called Snap Group Limited and is based in the United Kingdom at 7-11 Lexington Street, London W1F 9AF, United Kingdom, with registration number 09763672.
Authorized Representative: David Lewis, Director.
VAT number: GB 237218316.
