General conditions of use and sale
Last updated: 02 february 2022.
To display the previous versions, visit the page area-previous versions of legal documents.
Amazon core europe sarl, amazon eu and / or its subsidiaries sarl (" amazon " or " us " you provide site function and other products and services when you visit or on the " site " (purchases Amazon.it), use devices, products or services amazon, applications for mobile devices amazon or software provided by amazon in relation to any of the previous activities (collectively, the " amazon. " services
We expect you to take new vision of our privacy policy, our information cookie and our information on advertising defined according to the interests, to understand how we collect and treat your personal data through the services amazon.
Amazon provides services to amazon following terms and conditions (" general conditions of use and sale.
Amazon.it is the trade name of amazon.
The general conditions for use
(Ii) general conditions of sale
The general conditions for use
We expect you to read carefully these general conditions of use (" general conditions for use ") before using services amazon.
Amazon accepts these services using fully general conditions for use.
Offer a wide range of services and sometimes you could be subject to terms amazon and additional conditions.
If use of a service amazon (e.g. your profile, the good gift or applications for mobile devices), you may be amazon subject to the terms, the guidelines and general conditions applicable to that particular service (" service ") amazon terms.
In case of conflict between the present general conditions for use and the terms of the service, the terms of the service will.
Notification form and procedure for the reporting of violations of rights.
Electronic communications
Services amazon or send us when using e-mail, text messages (sms) and other communications from your computer or from your mobile device, tell with us in electronic form.
Can communicate with you in various ways, for example by e-mail, text messages (sms), notifications or on communications and publishing messages in-app website or by other services, such as the amazon communications center. our
Subject to the specific provisions of the law of nature, for the purposes of this contract, accept that all contracts, notifications, the information and other communications that bring thee in electronic form meet the requirement of written form, when required by law.
Suggestions and customization
As amazon you part of the services, products and services, including suggeriremo function advertisements third-party that may interest you, and we will identify your preferences and your personalizzeremo experience.
Copyright and rights to databases
All contents present or made available through the services amazon as texts, graphics, logos, buttons icons, images, audio files, digital downloads, data collection and software, are owned by amazon or its content providers and are protected by the laws of luxembourg and the international laws on copyright and rights to the databases.
A list of all the content present or made available through services is the exclusive property amazon and amazon is protected by the laws of luxembourg and the international laws on copyright and rights to the databases.
Are not allowed to extract and / or reuse parts of the services without the amazon systematically express written consent amazon.
Particularly shall not be used data mining, or similar devices robot acquisition or extraction to extract (one or more times) for reuse any substantial part of any services amazon, without our express written consent.
Even can't create and / or publish your database giving substantial parts (e.g.
Prices lists of goods and services) amazon without the express written consent of the amazon.
Marks
Visit page trademarks and patents to display a list not exhaustive marks amazon.
Also graphic material, the logos, page headers, buttons icons, characters and marks service included or made available through any services amazon are hallmarks of marks or amazon.
Marks and the hallmarks of amazon may not be used in relation to goods or services which are not of amazon, so as to create confusion between customers or in any way that can discredit or denigrate amazon.
All other markings not owned amazon appearing on any of the services shall be the property of their holders, amazon which may be related or not related to amazon or sponsored by google.
Patents
Services amazon and functionality such services are accessible through protected by one or more patents owned by google.
Amazon services used in all or part of one or more patents on the basis of licences.
Visit page trademarks and patents to display a list not exhaustive patent owned by amazon and patents licensed to amazon.
Licence for access to services amazon
On condition that you respect these general conditions of use, the terms of service, and you provide for the payment of any fee payable, amazon or his supplier of content you grant a licence limited non-exclusive, non-transferable basis and not to access services and amazon sublicenziabile make a personal use and not trade.
This licence does not include any right of resale or commercial use of each service of its content or the amazon or right to collect and use lists, or prices products to descriptions use derivative services or their content, amazon carry out any kind of download or a copy of information account for the benefit of another retailer or use data mining, robots or similar devices acquisition and mining data.
All rights not specifically granted by these general conditions for use or by the terms of service to remain in chapter or its amazon, suppliers, publishers, holders or licenzianti other service providers.
Play duplicate, it is not possible, copy, sell or resell, visit in any other manner use for any commercial use services amazon in whole or in part without our express written consent.
Framing or can not be taken to techniques to to steal any brand, framing unduly logo or any other information owner (including images, text, page settings, or format) in the absence of a amazon express written consent.
Can not be used any meta tag or any other " text " using the name or hidden marks amazon without the express written consent.
Don't use inappropriately services amazon.
Services amazon can use only within the limits prescribed by law.
The breach of these general conditions for use or the terms of the withdrawal of authorisation or the service will have licence issued by amazon.
Your account
Could need your account amazon to use certain services and amazon be required to access your account and to have a method of payment valid associated with itself.
If there is a problem in carrying out the charges on your method of payment selected, we could carry out the debit on any other method of payment valid associated to your account.
Join page your payments to manage your options for payment.
Services amazon, if you use confidentiality you keep your account and your password and control access to your computer and to your devices, and agrees, within the limits allowed by the applicable provisions of law, to be held responsible for all the activities to be carried out with your account and your password.
You really take all necessary precautions to ensure that your password remain safe and confidential and you really immediately in case you have us reason to believe that any third party becomes aware of your password, or if your password is, or is being used so allegedly unauthorized.
Six required to ensure that the data that we provide are correct and complete and told us immediately any change in information you gave.
Can access your information from section my account of the site.
We expect you to consult our help pages on how to protect your privacy to access your personal data.
Amazon won't have to use the services: (i) so as to cause or to cause damage or malfunction services, the amazon and its function, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or at least to commit illegal activities, or (iii) to cause disorder, injury or concern.
We reserve the right to prevent access to services amazon or turn your account if your behavior is a justification for doing so.
This happens in particular in case of breach of existing legislation, of the contractual provisions applicable of our guidelines or of our policies, all available on our website.
Despite such limitations or closure, you can continue to have access to the content and services purchased until then.
Reviews, comments, and other communications content
May publish reviews, comments and other content, send postcards and other communications and submit suggestions, electronic or other information, ideas, comments applications, provided that the content is not unlawful (i.e. obscene, improper, not invading the privacy defamatory intimidating, the intellectual property rights or is not otherwise offensive to amazon and / or third or regrettable and is not or do not contain virus, political propaganda, stress commercial chain of sant 'antonio, e-mail mass or any other form of spamming).
You can't use an e-mail address, false pretend to be another person or entity or otherwise lie about the origin of a postcard or other content.
We reserve the right, but we have no obligation to act in the absence of a notification form full in its entirety) remove or edit the content.
If you feel that content, or an advertisement selling published on the website or used in the context of services, contain a declaration or amazon diffamatoria your intellectual property right has been violated by an article or information appearing on site or used in the context of services, we expect you to supplement and amazon send us the notification form and we will promptly.
Reviews client, if you decide to publish comments, questions or client or send your other answers from you created for displaying content on the website (likenesses, sound, video content or defined below " content "), to provide jointly amazon (a) the licence non-exclusive and free of charge to use, play, publish, making available, translate and amend these contained in all parts of the world (including the right to a third party) and (b) sub-licenza the right to use the name from you used in relation to such content.
Are subject to your moral rights of copyright.
Can cancel your own content from public or, where the display function is foreseen, change settings so that your content are displayed only by persons who provide access.
Declares and guarantee that personally, or otherwise, the ownership or in any case the availability of all rights relating to the content of what publish the date on which and the content or the material was released: (i) the content and the material are accurate and relevant; and (ii) the use of content and equipment that provide does not conflict with any of these policies and guidelines applicable amazon and that such use does not cause injury to third parties.
Without prejudice to cases in which any liability are due to failure following the removal of illegal content receiving a you really keep all legal actions undertaken by amazon free from third parties against amazon arising from, or related to the content and materials from you provided.
Violations of intellectual property rights
Amazon respects the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you feel that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way to give rise to possible infringements, follow our procedure for the reporting of violations of intellectual property rights.
Terms software amazon
In addition to these general conditions for use, the software (including any updates / and the relating documentation) we upgrade at your disposal from time to time in relation to services amazon (" software) is subject to the terms " amazon you can find in terms for the additional software amazon.
Third activity
Subjects amazon shops, provide services other than manage or sell product lines on this site.
Also provide link sites to subsidiaries and other commercial activities.
We responsible for monitoring or evaluation of these traders or these subjects or the content of their websites or offer guarantees on their proposals sales.
Amazon can not in any way be held accountable for the actions, the products and the contents of all these subjects or any third party.
You inform us when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we can share information relating to transactions with them.
We expect you to consult closely their information privacy and other conditions of use.
As amazon
Amazon allows vendors to offer third their products on Amazon.it.
Pages detail in each product is indicated if the product is sold by third parties.
As supplier of site e-commerce, amazon facilitates transactions that are held on the site, but it is not part of the contract for the sale of goods sold by the third sellers.
Amazon remain ignore this contract, which refers to only between the buyer and seller.
Amazon bears no responsibility for the contract of sale and its proper implementation, and does not operate in any way as a vendor.
The seller is the only responsible for the sale of products and for the management of disagreements with the buyer.
For safer experience customer's purchase, offer to their users a guarantee additional amazon called guarantee from a to z.
Our responsibility
Will do our best to ensure that access to the services are provided without interruption and amazon broadcasts are accurately.
However, due to the nature of the internet, uninterrupted access and the absence of mistakes in the transmission can not be guaranteed.
Also your access to services amazon could also be suspended or limited to allow the occasionally carry out repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new activities or services.
Try to reduce the frequency and duration of these suspensions and limitations.
Amazon won't be responsible for (i) losses that are not a result of our breach of these conditions or general (ii) for any loss of business opportunity (including profits, contracts, savings revenue loss, data, goodwill or alleged) or (iii) costs unnecessarily incurred any loss resulting that had not been indirect or reasonably foreseeable or from you to us, when you started to use the services amazon.
We responsible for any delay or default obligations laid down in these general conditions where the delay or failure stem from unforeseeable circumstances or of force majeure.
This provision does not affect your rights resulting from the law and in particular your right to have goods purchased within a reasonable time or to be repaid if no delivery for circumstances arising from unforeseeable circumstances or for reasons of force majeure.
The legal provisions in force in some member states would prohibit the limitations of liability now indicated.
Where these measures are applicable, the limitations of liability now will not take effect could be recognised and identified further rights.
No forecasts contained limits our responsibility here or in the event of death excluding or damage to the person to get our caused by negligence or intent or gross negligence.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
These general conditions of use are regulated and must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the grand duchy of luxembourg (except for the provisions on conflict of laws) and is explicitly excluded the application of the united nations convention on international sales contracts for goods.
If you're a consumer and have your habitual residence in the european union, could benefit from the additional protection laid down by mandatory rules of your country of residence.
Will, in turn, and accept to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts district of non-exclusive luxembourg city.
As consumers can then act before the courts district of the city of luxembourg or the member state of the european union you resident or to promote a dispute in relation to domiciled present general conditions for use.
The european commission provides a platform for the settlement of disputes online, which you can access through this link: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /. in case i wanted to move the issue to our attention, we expect you to inform us using the function contact us.
Export controls
Accept not to export, re-export or transfer any product (including software or other digital products) that you have bought on the site to any country, individual, company, organisation or institution to which this export is restricted or prohibited by law.
E.g. economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the eu, the united nations, the departments of state, the treasury or the trade of the united states and other government authorities (such as the embargoes imposed on specific countries or the economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorist offences or money laundering) may prohibit products, including to bring for personal use in other countries, and / or to send products (both physically by post or by e-mail or digitally through the sharing of files) to certain individuals, companies, organisations or bodies.
Also agrees to not buy any product or service from the site where yourself is subject to restrictive measures (sanctions).
Changes service or changes in conditions
We reserve the right to modify the amazon, policies, these services general conditions for use and the terms of service at any time to offer new products or services or to adapt to laws and regulations.
Be subject to the policies and the terms of the general conditions of use from time to time when existing uses services amazon.
Forecast if any of these conditions is deemed cripple, for whatever reason, nothing or this condition will not affect the inapplicable validity and effectiveness of other forecasts.
Surrender
Default from you to these general conditions for use, lack of exercise by our law to act toward you, is not one of our failure to act for the breach of the obligations undertaken by you.
Children
We don't sell products to minors.
Sell products for children that can be bought only by adults.
If you are under 18 years of age, you can use the services involving an amazon only parent or guardian.
Our contacts
This site is owned and operated by amazon core europe sarl.
General conditions for use relating to other services, such as the amazon service amazon mp3 provided by amazon, may be consulted on average eu sarl this site.
Amazon europe sarl core:
Amazon core europe sarl, john f. kennedy, luxembourg 38 avenue; capital: L-1855 154.560 registration number in luxembourg: eur B-180022 licensing activities: number: p. vat. 26375245 10040783 lu
Further contacts:
Amazon eu sarl, branch italian
Amazon sarl, branch eu italian viale monte grappa, 20124 milano, italia 3/5; business register of milan-office of milan; fiscal code and no rea 2059602 P.iva It08973230967.
Amazon services europe sarl:
Amazon services europe sarl, 38 avenue john f. kennedy, luxembourg, capital: 37.551 L-1855 registration number in luxembourg: eur;; licence number of activities: B-93815; p. vat 132595 lu 19647148
Amazon average eu sarl
Amazon average eu sarl, luxembourg. 5 rue Plaetis L-2338
Capital: eur 50,000 registration number in luxembourg: licence number of activities: 112767 p. vat lu. 136312 20944528
Notification form and procedure for the reporting of violations of intellectual property rights
If you feel that your intellectual property rights have been violated and you're meeting the requirements for the register marks, we expect you to subscribe to the service and reporting it through the register brands.
Otherwise, we expect you to send the alert through our notification form.
This form may be used to report the alleged infringements of all intellectual property rights, including for example the alert on copyright, brand, and design patent.
Upon receipt of an alert can take different actions.
E.g. can remove information of an article or an article, and close in the event of an account repeated violations where the conditions.
All these measures are taken, without this leading accountability, and without prejudice to any right, remedy or defence, which we will expressly to exercise.
Sending reporting this includes those involved in the preparation of content deemed illegal.
You commitments to keep free from all actions against amazon amazon arising from, or related to third sending an alert.
Note tabs on product sellers third: we informed you that tabs product sellers third are only stored on and are published only as directed Amazon.it vendors third may be contacted by the page " information ', accessible from each seller fiche.
Asin Isbn-10, definitions and: " " indicates the amazon standard item number asin (or the identification number) and is an identifier of 10 characters.
Can be found in any fact sheet under the " product details. "
Isbn-10 ' means an international standard book number and is a numerical identifier 13 10 figures which can be found in certain placements relating to under the " books product details. "
Important warning: provide information false, misleading or inaccurate in notification form to amazon may give rise to civil liability and / or criminal.
You have any questions, we expect you to see a lawyer.
20.
Terms additional software amazon
Use software amazon.
Software amazon you can use only in order to use the services within the amazon as per the general conditions for use, by these terms additional software and amazon by the terms of service.
Incorporate can't part of the amazon in your software programmes or filling in combination with your portions of the same programmes, you will not transfer the software for use in connection with other duty amazon or sell, rent or lease and give or grant in, or otherwise give any right of sublicenza software in whole or in part amazon.
You can't use the software amazon for illicit means.
Can stop supplying software amazon and your right to withdraw can use software at any time. amazon
Your right to use the software will be automatically revoked without any warning amazon for our part, in case of default of you with the present additional software terms, the general conditions for use amazon or the terms of the service.
Software amazon could be subject to the application of terms and conditions of additional third content or distributed together with some software amazon (or software incorporated in software) given in the relevant documentation. amazon
These measures will prevail in case of conflict with the general conditions of use.
Software used in services amazon are owned by amazon or of his suppliers of software and are protected by the laws of the united states and relevant international copyright.
Use services of third parties.
Software amazon, you might even when using the services provided by third parties use, such as suppliers of a service or a mobile wireless platform.
The use of third-party service may be subject to the policies, the terms of use and tariffs of them.
Ban " reverse engineering. "
Can't copy, modify, activities, " or " reverse engineering decompilare or otherwise speak on software disassembling amazon in whole or in part or create works derived from or software, or encourage, assist and support amazon other objects to perform such activities.
Updates.
In order to maintain updated software, we can provide updates automatic or manual amazon at any time and without notice.
We expect you to read these conditions before using services amazon.
Using services, fully accept these conditions amazon.
Ii.
General conditions of sale
These general conditions of sale for the sale of products and, where applicable, services via the amazon when eu operates as (" general conditions sarl seller selling ").
The sale of products by sellers third is governed by the terms and conditions of sale from time to time applicable.
Offer a wide range of services and sometimes you could be subject to terms amazon and additional conditions.
When using any service (e.g.: your profile amazon, the good gift, applications for mobile devices amazon or communications center), you may be subject to the terms, the guidelines and general conditions applicable to that particular service (" terms of service ").
In case of conflict between the present general conditions of sale and the terms of the service, the terms of the service will.
We expect you to read carefully these general conditions of sale before proceeding to any purchase.
By any purchase these general conditions of sale fully accept.
Our contract
Tabling products and services on the website or through the amazon applications for mobile devices is an invitation to tender.
If you want to buy one or more products, you can select them one by one, your gear. by adding them
Once you have selected all articles that do you buy, you can close your gear and placing his order.
Here display a summary page products you selected, their price and options (with associated costs) of delivery.
You will be prompted to choose the preferred for delivery, transport and the method of payment.
The top of the page you'll find the " buy now " button is available for the next. you inoltrarci
Your order will then be regarded as a contractual purchase addressed to your proposal for the products listed, each being considered amazon individually.
On receipt of your order, you send one message to take charge of automatically order (" receipt order ").
If uses some services (e.g. amazon applications for mobile devices) reception amazon order will be published in communications center accessible from the site.
Reception order does not constitute acceptance of your proposal of acquisition.
By sending receiving, in fact, you just confirm order they received orders and being submitted to the verification process data and availability of products from you requested.
The contract of sale with amazon eu will end only when sarl you send a separate e-mail or we will prepare a message in communications center on the acceptance of your proposal that will also purchase information relating to the consignment of the product and on the planned date of delivery (" confirmed. " consignment
If your order is through more than one shipment, you may get confirmations escaped. separate consignment
Charging will only take effect when the articles included in your order will be sent or after five days by granting payment, depending on which of these two conditions occurs before.
For further information on the authorisation for payment page help authorities consult the payment.
Can cancel your command before we have received confirmation, provided that the next expedition was not prepared for the despatch process.
In this case you will not be charged any cost.
But subject to the right of withdrawal to the terms and conditions referred to in article 2 following.
The right of withdrawal shall not apply to certain categories of products, including without limit digital products or software not provided on material support (as in the case of cd or dvd) once it has started download (download) or use. '
Agrees to receive the invoices in electronic form.
These documents will be available in pdf format within the section my account.
The issue of the invoice on an order will electronic reported in confirmation expedition.
Details electronic invoices and how to obtain the document, consult the help pages the receipt or invoice purchasing press and information on electronic invoicing in force from 2019.
All orders on the site must correspond to the normal need to consumption.
This requirement applies both in relation to the number of products purchased with a single order, both in the case of a plurality of orders relating to the same product even if each order includes a quantity of goods corresponding to the need for normal consumption.
Right, exceptions and policies made amazon
Subject to the exceptions listed below, you have the right to withdraw from the order made, without having to provide any reasons, within 14 days from the day you received the ordered product (or the last lot or piece in the case of product, goods, multiple lots or pieces delivered separately) or the conclusion of the contract (including for example and non-exhaustive, contracts for the supply of digital content not supplied on a tangible medium, such as a cd or dvd).
Withdrawal someone if you responsible for your confidence, your right of withdrawal shall begin on the day of delivery of the product to the person designated by you different from courier.
You communicate to amazon eu sarl, 5 rue, luxembourg, the exercise of Plaetis L-2338 right of withdrawal (s) according to the instructions in central made available, (ii) using the function or (iii) contact us using this module.
When using the centre made you send a message of acknowledgement of receipt.
To exercise his right of withdrawal, it is necessary that its disclosure is dispatched before the end of the period of 14 days, and that the product is returned to amazon through instructions available in centre made.
For more information on the right of withdrawal and operating instructions, contact our customer service through the function contact us.
Effects of the exercise of the right of withdrawal
You rimborseremo all payments received in relation to the product for which you exercised his right of withdrawal, including the shipping costs relating to the conditions of the shipment cheaper offered by amazon within 14 days from the day on which we have received the communication concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal.
We repayment on the same method of payment you used to carry out the order, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise.
In any case, not any costs as a result of such reimbursement sosterrai.
Can retain repayment until we have received the product or until you have been shown to return it, whichever amazon situation occurs first.
Note that you keep to return products following the instructions available in our centre made within 14 days from the day you press the withdrawal.
To support the direct costs for the return of products.
Could be blamed for the decline in the value of the goods resulting from manipulation of goods (other than that necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods).
Exceptions to the right of withdrawal
The right of withdrawal shall not apply if:
- Supply of sealed goods which are not suitable to be returned for hygiene or related to health protection and were unsealed after delivery or in case of supply of products which are, after delivery, inseparably mixed with other items;
- Supply of audio or video recordings or sealed sealed computer software which were unsealed after delivery;
- Supply of goods made on or clearly personalized;
- Supply of goods which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly;
- Service contracts after complete performance of the service by amazon, if you have specifically enabled the performance of the service from our accepting the loss of the right of withdrawal after the full implementation of the contract;
- Supply of digital content (including applications, software, etc.) by a e-book, mp3 support material (for example a cd or dvd) if at the time of submission of the order you expressly allowed at the beginning of execution accepting the loss of the right of withdrawal as a result of beginning of implementation;
- The supply of newspapers, periodicals and magazines except for subscription contracts for the supply of such publications;
- Supply of alcoholic beverages, whose price has been agreed at the time of conclusion of the contract of sale, the delivery can take place only after 30 days and the actual value of which depends on fluctuations in the market that can not be controlled by google.
Policies made amazon
In addition to your rights resulting from the law, the products sold by amazon may be restored to eu sarl amazon eu sarl within 30 days of delivery, subject to the exceptions to the right of withdrawal, provided they are intact and under the same conditions in which you were delivered.
Further information can be found in our policies made page.
Products must be returned by the instructions available in our centre made.
You rimborseremo in such cases only the price paid for the purchase.
Rimborseremo you would postage incurred in article you receive returning (without prejudice to cases refund of clothing, shoes and bags).
Risks transport and expenses will be your exclusive responsibility refund.
Apply policies made specific for the return of products of category fashion (clothing, shoes, bags, jewellery and watches) for more information visit our free products page made fashion.
These predictions are additional and do not affect your rights arising from the law and the right of withdrawal within 14 days described above.
Details made and examples are available in our operational page policies made.
Prices and availability
All prices are inclusive of vat applicable under law.
Information on the availability of products that are listed on the site, and the sell overview page of each product.
In addition to the information provided in this page or elsewhere on the, are not in a position to give more precise information on the product availability.
Please consider that the time estimated for sending and delivery of the products are purely advisory and they can not cover total expectations.
Once it has received your order, you announce e-mail or publishing a notice in communications center site if some of the products from you ordered are not available.
Despite all our efforts, we can not exclude that for a small part of million products present in our catalogue is indicated by mistake a different price from the true one.
Well in any case the correctness prices during the process of verifying the order and next shipment of the products.
Where due to failures or other incidents, the price indicated site turns out to be lower than the price correctly sale of a product, to see if we can reach you wishes to purchase the product to the right or equally we can not accept your order.
Correct if the price of a product is less than that indicated on the site, you only fair price lower and you addebiteremo however the product. send it
Customs
When goods ordered by amazon should be outside italy delivered could be subject to import duties and taxes, payable once the package reaches the specified target.
Any additional costs will be your clearance load.
We control these costs and we can not predict the amount.
Customs policies vary considerably from country to country and therefore you should contact your local customs office for further information.
Please bear in mind that, when on the orders, you're regarded as makes importer and six to all legislation must therefore yield and legislation of the country where you get the goods.
Your privacy is important for us and we know that's important the way in which information relating to your order are used and shared.
Would our customers and international customers consigning abroad were aware that products deliveries across borders are subject to inspection of the products by openness and the customs authorities.
For further information we expect you to read the information contained in the page customs information.
Sort with 1-click
Sort 1-click with is the system faster and easier for ordering goods and services in complete safety.
If use services through a computer or a device public amazon shared, we recommend strongly off when you're not on the computer. 1 click
Guarantees products sold by amazon and limitations of liability
Regime guarantees products sold by differs according to the amazon " consumer " or a buyer is a " professional " as defined by directive 1999/44 / ec concerning certain aspects of contracts " sales and guarantees for consumer goods.
If purchases as " consumer " means the benefits of legal guarantee of conformity to which the seller is legally liable for each goods sold (" " legal guarantee).
The statutory guarantee claims-which was amazon which guarantees the well for defects-seller compliance with the contract of sale.
According to the law, where applicability of legal guarantee, you can to restore free of charge of conformity of the goods by repair or replacement or, if it is not possible, for a reduction in the purchase price or the termination of the contract.
Amazon is therefore of lack of conformity if the same occur within a period of two years from the date of delivery of the good.
You however the burden to denounce the lack of conformity within a period of two months after its discovery.
You will find more information on the operating rules and operation of a legal guarantee, with typical cases, our legal guarantee section or visiting our customer service through the function contacting contact us.
Where finds a lack of conformity on goods procured from amazon during the period of validity of the legal guarantee, please contact the customer service through the function contact us.
In limits of the law, amazon where the declines all responsibility product delivered does not respect the law of the country of delivery other than italy.
Amazon is responsible in the event of delay in delivery of goods purchased due to failure stock by the publisher or the supplier.
We responsible also in cases of differences between non-substantial goods purchased and their images and descriptions of the illustrative published on our website.
Except in the case of intent or gross negligence, we are only responsible for any damage directly and foreseeable at the time of conclusion of the contract of sale.
We thus responsible for any losses, income foregone or any other damage which is not therefore immediate and direct our default or that it was not foreseeable at the time of conclusion of the contract of sale.
Amazon is in no way responsible for the performance of the obligations borne by third parties which might offer guarantees in relation to trade on the products on sale.
Amazon authorises sellers and sell their products to expose third via the website Amazon.it.
On each page of products for sale on the exposed shall be indicated when the product is sold Amazon.it from third parties and not by amazon. sellers
As supplier of site e-commerce, amazon facilitates transactions that are held on the site, but it is not part of the contract for the sale of goods sold by the third sellers.
Amazon remain outside the transaction, which refers to only between the buyer and seller.
Amazon bears no responsibility for the contract of sale and its proper implementation, and does not in any way the seller.
The seller is the only responsible for the sale of products and must address any complaints directly or matters or relating to the contract between the buyer and seller, including the shoulder the obligations of a legal guarantee.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
These general conditions of sale are regulated and must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the grand duchy of luxembourg (except for the provisions on conflict of laws) and is explicitly excluded the application of the united nations convention on international sales contracts for goods.
Accept, in turn, also accept and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts non-exclusive district of luxembourg city.
As consumers can then act before the courts district of the city of luxembourg or the member state of the european union you resident or to promote a dispute in relation to domiciled present general conditions of sale.
If you're a consumer and have your habitual residence in the european union, could benefit from the additional protection laid down by mandatory rules of your country of residence.
Changes to the general conditions of sale
We reserve the right to amend the site, policies and these general conditions of sale at any time to offer new products or services, or to comply with laws or regulations.
Be subject to the policies and the terms of the general conditions of sale from time to time in force when products from us, unless orders of any changes to these policies and these words are not required by the applicable law or competent authorities (in which case, will also apply orders that have been made previously).
Forecast if any of these conditions is deemed cripple, for whatever reason, nothing or this condition will not affect the inapplicable validity and effectiveness of other forecasts.
Surrender
Default from you to these general conditions of sale, lack of exercise by our right to act toward you, is not a violation of our failure to act for the commitments you made.
Children
We don't sell products to minors.
Sell products for children that can be bought only by adults.
If you are under 18 years of age, you can use involving a parent or guardian Amazon.it only.
Our contacts
Our contacts:
Amazon eu, société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue john f. kennedy, luxembourg L-1855.
Capital: eur 125,000; registration number in luxembourg: b; licence number of activities: 101818; p. vat: lu 20260743. 134248
Amazon sarl, branch eu italian viale monte grappa, 20124 milano, italia 3/5;
Business register of milan-no office in milano, fiscal and rea 2059602. P.iva It08973230967
