Https: / / www.facebook.com / legal / terms / plain _ text _ terms
Conditions of use
I welcome on facebook.
Services messaging, voice and included in products, can be found here videochiamata facebook for a summary of the contract and here for other mandatory information provided for under the european code of electronic communications.
Facebook create technologies and services that allow users to connect between them, creating community and grow businesses.
These conditions governing the use of facebook messenger and other products, services, functions, app, technology and software offered by facebook (products or products facebook) except where expressly declared is the application of conditions separate (other than present).
Commodities are given user from facebook ireland limited.
User instead of requiring a payment for the use of facebook or other products and services covered by the present conditions, receives a remuneration from facebook companies and organisations to show users placements relating to their products and services.
Using products facebook user accepts that facebook can show that facebook user considers relevant for placement and its interests.
Facebook use personal data user to help determine which placements show the user.
Facebook does not sell personal data user to advertisers and does not share information identifying directly user (information as the name, email address or other contact information of the user) by advertisers without the specific authorization by the user.
Instead advertisers may indicate to facebook elements such as the type of public allocation of its placement and facebook users show those who may be concerned. placement
Facebook provides the performance of its placement advertisers report to enable them to understand how users interact with their content.
See section 2 below for more information.
Legislation data shows how facebook collects and use the personal data of facebook user in order to determine some of these placements and provide view all other services described below.
The user can also have access to their settings at any time to review the choices on privacy available on the use of its data by facebook.
1.
Services offered by facebook
The objective is to facebook users the power to create community and make the world a kingdom.
To achieve this objective, facebook user products and provides the services described below:
Provide custom user experience: experience on facebook is unique per user, by post, stories, events, and other content shown in section placements news or in pages and follow up platform video with other functions that could be used (e.g.
Popular marketplace, and research).
Facebook uses data available (e.g.
Connections carried out by the user, in relation to choices and approaches adopted and what the user and is within and outside shares of their products) to customize user experience.
User connect with people and organisations of interest: the user to find and helps facebook connect with individuals, groups, companies, organisations and other subjects of interest in products user use facebook.
Facebook use data at its disposal in order to offer suggestions user and others (e.g.
Groups join events which to join, pages or follow to send a message to watch programmes, and people with whom the user may wish to be your friend.
Ties stronger improves the community and considers that its services are more facebook allow to connect to other useful when people persons, groups and organisations of interest.
Chance and to communicate in relation to matters of user: offers many ways to express themselves and facebook to communicate with friends, family and others on subjects of interest (e.g.
Share updates, photos, videos and stories on products in use, sending messages to facebook friends or a number of people, creating events or groups or add content to its view).
Facebook has also developed (and continues to explore new ways of exploiting the) technology, as augmented reality and videos all-out to create and share content more expressive and engaging on facebook.
Discovery content, products and services that could affect the user: facebook user placements, tenders and others show that will enable the user to content sponsored content, products and services offered by different companies and organisations which use facebook and other products of facebook.
This is illustrated in more detail in section 2.
Conducted combating protection and support of our community and harming: people create community on facebook only if they feel safe.
Facebook operate throughout the world and develop team dedicated advanced engineering systems to detect misuse of their products, harmful conduct towards other and situations in which may be able to help support or protect their own community.
If reporting carried out such content or facebook shall take appropriate measures, for example, offering help removing content, by blocking access to certain functions, disabling an account or police contacting.
Facebook share data with other companies when it detects misuse or facebook behaviour by damaging someone use one of the products of facebook.
Use and development of advanced technologies to provide services safe and functional all: facebook and develop advanced technologies, such as the exploits artificial intelligence, systems machine learning (machine learning) and the augmented reality, to allow users to use their products safely, regardless of their physical skill or their geographical location.
These technologies, for example, help users with disabilities visual to understand the content or the entities a picture or a video shared on facebook and instagram.
Facebook he also networks and communication technologies to help sophisticated more people to connect to the internet in areas with restricted access.
Also facebook develops to improve its capacity automated systems to identify and remove offensive and dangerous activities might jeopardise the community facebook and integrity of their products.
Searching for ways to improve its services: facebook undertakes research aimed at developing, testing and improve their products.
This includes the analysis of data users that facebook has and understanding of the way in which users use products, for example by surveys and tests and solving problems of new functions.
Legislation data shows how facebook are used data to support research aimed at developing and improving services of facebook.
Offer experience and without interruption in products of holdings consistent facebook: products help user to find and connect with individuals, groups, companies, organisations and other subjects of interest.
Facebook design their own systems so as to provide the user experience coherent and without interruption in products companies facebook user us.
E.g. facebook use the data on persons with which the user experience on facebook to make it easier to connect with their instagram or messenger and being offered the opportunity to communicate with companies followed on facebook by messenger.
Allow access global services to manage its facebook: global service must store and distribute content and facebook in their data systems all over the world data center and, even outside the country of residence of the user.
This infrastructure can be managed and controlled by facebook, inc.,
Facebook ireland limited or its subsidiaries.
2.
How they are financed services facebook
Rather than pay for the use of facebook and other products and services using products facebook covered by these conditions, the user accepts that facebook can show, whose placement promotion inside and outside of the products of companies is payment by facebook behind companies and organisations.
Facebook use personal data user (e.g.
About activities and interests) to show him employment more relevant.
The protection of the privacy of users is an integral part of how is designed the system of placement of facebook.
Facebook implying that can show the user placements relevant and useful without revealing her identity to advertisers.
Facebook does not sell personal data user.
Facebook allows sponsors to indicate elements such as its objectives of business and the type of public that wants to show their placement (e.g.
Users between 18 and 35 years with a passion for cycling).
So facebook shows the users who might be interested. placement
Facebook also provides report on the performance of their placement to advertisers to enable them to understand how users are known to interact with their contained within and outside of facebook.
E.g. shall be provided to advertisers demographic data and general information on interest (e.g.
An advertisement was seen by a woman aged between 25 and 34 years living in madrid and likes the software engineering) to help them better understand their audience.
Facebook disagrees with information identifying directly user information (as the name or email address of the user that can be used to contact or identify the user) without the specific authorization by the user.
Here there are more information on how the work placements of facebook.
Facebook collects and use the personal data of user for provide the user services described above.
For more information on how to collect and use data facebook user, can be consulted the rules on data from facebook.
The user can check the types of placement and advertisers who sees, and the types of information that facebook used to determine which placements show the user.
More information.
3.
Commitments user against facebook and our community
Facebook make these services to users, and to others to achieve its goal.
In exchange, the user must assume the following commitments:
Who can use facebook
When opinions and actions are due to people, the community facebook is safer and more responsible.
For this reason, the user shall be required:
Using the same name to be used in real life.
Personal information accurate;
Create one account (its) and use your diary for personal purposes;
Not share your password, not to grant access to its facebook account to other or transfer its account with other (without the permission of facebook).
The aim is to make available to all, but his facebook use is prohibited:
Users who have less than 13 years.
Users convicted of rape
Users accounts previously for disabled breach of the terms of regulations or facebook;
Denied users by the law applicable to receive products, services and software facebook.
What user can share and make facebook
Facebook wants their users can find expression and sharing content for them important, but without jeopardising the safety and welfare of other or integrity of their community.
Therefore user agrees not to adopt the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support other adopt):
User can not use products to adopt acts or sharing content:
Against conditions, the standards of the community and other conditions and rules applicable to the use of facebook user.
Against law, misleading or discriminatory fraudulent.
Against or in violation of the rights of other users, including their intellectual property rights.
User can't load or codes, or even to harmful virus anything that might, disable or prevent the proper functioning or overload aspect of products of facebook.
User does not have access or collect data from products using facebook (without the prior authorisation of automated means facebook) or attempt to access data to which the user does not have permission to access.
Facebook may remove or block the content which infringe these provisions.
Remove if facebook user due to a shared content violation of community standards, facebook user options, and will inform you at its disposal to request a review, unless the user violates seriously or repeated these conditions or where do that facebook or other users to expose legal responsibility, damage the community of facebook users, damages or interfere with the integrity or the operation of services, systems or products facebook, there are restrictions due to technical constraints or it is forbidden for legal reasons.
To support its community, facebook user report encourages content or conducted user considers its rights (including violin intellectual property rights) or the conditions and rules of facebook.
Facebook may remove or restrict access to their content, services or information, if states that such action is reasonably necessary to avoid or reduce legal consequences or negative regulations on facebook.
Authorisations granted by user facebook
User should grant to allow certain authorisations facebook provide their services:
Authorization to use the content created and shared by the user: points shared or user, such as photo or video uploaded, could be protected by the laws on intellectual property.
User holds of intellectual property rights (aspects such as copyright and trademarks) of content that creates and shared on facebook and on other products of holdings using facebook.
Nothing these conditions without user rights it enjoys in relation to its content.
User is free to share their content with anyone, wherever he.
However, the user should grant to facebook, for the provision of its services, authorisations to law (known as " licences ') for the use of content.
This applies only to provide and improve its products and services of facebook, as described in section 1 above.
Specifically shares when the user public or load a content protected by intellectual property rights related to, or in connection with products of facebook, grants an exclusive licence not transferable, not subject to royalties and sub-licenziabile valid throughout the world for transmission, the use, distribution, amending, implementation, copy, the public execution or displaying, translation and the creation of derivative works of its content (in respect of privacy and settings of the app user).
This means, for example, that if the user shared a photo on facebook, and facebook to authorises share it with others memorizzarla copy it (also in accordance with their settings), such as suppliers of services that supports the service or other products of facebook user us.
This licence shall cease to exist once the contents of the user systems of facebook.
User can eliminate the content individually or removing your account overall.
More information on how to delete your account.
The user can fetch a copy of your data at any time prior to his account.
When user delete their content, these will no longer be visible to other users; however could continue to exist in other places within systems facebook where:
Immediate deletion is not possible because of technical limitations (in such cases, the contents will be deleted within a maximum of 90 days from the date of removal from the user);
Content user have been used by other users in accordance with this licence and have not been eliminated (in which case, this licence will continue to apply until the elimination of content); or
Where immediate deletion would limit the ability to facebook:
Identify investigate or illegal activity or conditions and regulations violations facebook (e.g.
Identify investigate or misuse of products or systems facebook);
Comply with an obligation under the law, such as the preservation of proof; or
To a request from courts or administrative authorities, the police or government agencies.
In such cases, the content will be preserved for a period not exceeding what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were preserved (the exact duration according to the situation will vary).
In each of the cases referred to above, the licence will continue to exist until the complete elimination of content.
Permission to use name, profile image and information on the actions of a user with placements and content: user authorizes sponsored to use its name, the facebook profile image and information relating to actions taken on facebook related to, or in connection with placements, tenders and other content that facebook show within its sponsored products without any return to his advantage.
E.g. facebook friends might show user his interest in an event sponsored or the user has put likes to a page created by a brand that paid facebook to show employment on facebook.
Such placements may be displayed only people who have the user's authorisation to display his actions on facebook.
The user can discover more about your settings and preferences from advertising.
Authorisation updated software or downloaded: if the user download or use the software facebook, gives permission to facebook download and install updates to software, where available.
Restrictions on the use of intellectual property facebook
User uses content covered by intellectual property rights which holds and made available in their facebook products (e.g.
Projects images, video or sounds provided by and adding user facebook to content created or shared on facebook), facebook reserves all rights relating to such material (excluding user).
User can use copyright or registered trade marks (or any similar mark) facebook as expressly permitted by only guidelines on the use of the brand or by prior written consent of facebook.
User must obtain written consent facebook (or the authorisation pursuant to an open source license) to create derivative works, or in any other way to try decompilare source code from facebook.
4.
Further provisions
Update conditions facebook
Facebook working hard in order to optimise their services and to develop new functions able to improve products for the user and for their own community.
Therefore facebook may need to regularly update these conditions to accurately identify its services and traditions.
Facebook changes will only if the provisions are no longer appropriate or if they are incomplete and only in cases where such amendments are reasonable for user and take due account of its interests.
Warn facebook user (e.g.
By e-mail or through products) at least 30 days before introducing changes to these conditions and will give the user the possibility of consulting them before their entry into force, unless the amendments are imposed by law.
Once entered into force conditions updated user will be bound to them if he continues to use the products.
Facebook hopes that their products will continue to be used.
If user does not accept the conditions and ready to abandon the community of updated may remove her facebook account at any time.
Suspension or closure account
Raise facebook is the objective of their users welcome and freedom of speech and share their thoughts and ideas.
If stipulates that the facebook user has breached clearly, its conditions or rules seriously or repeatedly, including in particular the standards of the community, could suspend or permanently disable facebook user access to its accounts.
Facebook may also suspend or disable account user if they so violates intellectual property rights of repeated the other users or in the event facebook is obliged to do so for legal reasons.
Where acting in this way, facebook user options and will inform you at its disposal to request a review, unless this facebook or other legal responsibility to expose damage the community of facebook users, damages or interfere with the integrity or the operation of services, systems or products, there are restrictions due to facebook technical constraints or wherever it banned for legal reasons.
The user can find more information about what to do if your account will be disabled or on how to contact facebook if it considers the account has been disabled by mistake.
If account is eliminated by the user or disabled from facebook, these conditions cease to be valid for contract between facebook and the user, but the following provisions will remain in force: 3.3.1, 4.2-4.5.
Limits of liability
Nothing of these conditions is intended to exclude or limit liability facebook for death, personal injury or false declarations caused by negligence or fraudulent injury to legal rights of user.
Facebook act according to provide the user their professional diligence in products and services and in ensuring a safe environment, safe and free of errors.
Provided acted according to professional diligence, facebook does not accept any responsibility in relation to losses that are not created by its own breach of these conditions or otherwise attributable to its actions, not reasonably foreseeable losses and facebook user at the time of acceptance of these conditions and in relation to events outside the reasonable control of facebook.
Disputes
Facebook seeks to provide clear rules in order to limit or, hopefully, avoid disputes with users.
In cases of dispute, it is useful to know in advance the premises where it is possible to resolve them, and the laws applied.
Under consumer who reside in a member state of the european union, apply the laws of the member state in question in relation to any complaints, legal or disputes arising or related to these conditions against facebook or products (" "). facebook complaint
The complaint may be terminated before any court competent member state which has the jurisdiction under the complaint.
In all other cases, the user accepts that the complaint should be solved before a competent court of the republic of ireland and the irish law will govern these conditions and any complaints, regardless of conflicts in law.
Other provisions
These conditions (formerly known as the declaration of the rights and responsibilities) constitute the entire contract between the user and ireland limited in relation to the use of facebook products.
Replace any previous agreement.
Some of the products offered by facebook are also regulated by additional conditions.
If use of one of the products in question, will be offered the possibility of accepting user additional conditions which will become part of the contract with the user.
E.g. where access or use of products for commercial purposes or business, such as purchase, sale of products, development of placement, management of a group or a page for the holding of user or using services measurement, the user must accept the commercial terms of facebook.
User public or shares must comply with the music content, guidelines on the music of facebook.
In case of conflict between these conditions and any additional conditions apply those provisions in the conflict.
If any part of these conditions, the rest will remain inapplicable proves to be valid and will continue to have effect.
Failure to implement any part of these conditions shall not constitute in any way a waiver.
Any modification or surrender to these conditions shall be made in writing and signed by facebook.
User will not transfer any of his rights or obligations specified in these conditions to another without the consent of facebook.
User may appoint a person (heir) for the management of defined contact her account made memorial.
Only contact heir or an entity designated in a will valid or in a document similar expressing the clear consent to the disclosure of the content in the case of death or incapacity may require the disclosure by account user, once made memorial.
These conditions do not confer any rights to a third party beneficiaries.
All rights and obligations of facebook specified in these conditions can be used freely from facebook in the event of a merger, acquisition or a sale of assets or through an operation or other legal transaction.
In certain circumstances, facebook may need to adjust the username of the account (e.g.
If an entity requires the and username linked to the name does not appear to used in everyday life.
In such cases, facebook user, and will inform you advance the reasons for the operation.
Facebook appreciates always user feedback and suggestions relating to their products and services.
However, the user should know that facebook may use such information without limits or obligations towards the user and remuneration facebook has no obligation to keep them confidential.
5.
Further conditions and regulations for user
Standard community: these guidelines describe standards on the content published on facebook user and the activities of the facebook user and on other products of facebook.
Commercial conditions: these conditions apply if the user access or use products also for commercial purposes or business, including advertising, uses a platform on facebook, use services app measurement, management group or of a page for a farm or sale of goods or services.
Regulations advertising: specify which kinds of these regulations are permitted for advertising content partners who advertise products through facebook.
Advertisements self-service: conditions for these conditions apply to the use of interfaces to create, send or publish self-service advertising or other commercial activities, or advertising content or sponsored.
Legislation on pages, groups and events: these guidelines apply in case of unification or administration facebook pages, groups or events from the user or if facebook is used by the user to communicate or manage a promotion.
Legislation facebook platform: these guidelines the regulations applied to illustrate use by the user (e.g. facebook platform.
For developers or operators an app or website platform or in case of use of plug-in social).
Payment deadlines for developers: these terms apply to developers app payments using facebook.
Payment deadlines for the community: these terms apply to payments made at or through facebook.
Regulations sales: these guidelines illustrate regulations applied in case of supply of goods and services on sale on facebook.
Resources brand of facebook: these guidelines illustrate regulations applicable to the use of brand logo and screenshot of facebook.
Guidelines on music: these guidelines describe the rules applied in the event of publication or user content sharing with music on facebook.
Regulations facebook: these rules apply to all live to the material transmitted live via facebook.
Conditions services messaging relevant to users of eu, eea and uk: conditions for messaging services, called and included in products are listed here videochiamata facebook here and in accordance with the eu standards.
Date of last revision: 20 december 2020
