Conditions of use
In force from 5 february 2020
These condition of use (this " agreement ") is a legal agreement between user (" user ") and flo health, inc.,
Company delaware (" company, " or " us "), for the use of application on mobile devices of flo fem Ⓡ website (and), website flo.health reg.flo.health courses for () (" courses ") courses.flo.health servers used by the application of files stored on these and all the related services, server features and content offered by the company (collectively as defined " app ").
This agreement is not concluded with apple, inc.,
Any of its subsidiaries, google, inc.,
Any of its subsidiaries or any other entity that may be applicable.
1.
Acceptance of terms
Read this agreement carefully.
In create an account in the access to or use it, he acknowledges the app and consent to be bound to accept terms of this agreement.
Unless we agree to those terms, you can not access app or used.
We reserve the right to amend this agreement when necessary.
Send notification by e-mail, using the app or through a new version of the agreement for the acceptance, in case of changes which will physically on the rights of the user.
Jpa continued use after the date of entry into force of an updated version of the agreement implies the acceptance of the agreement up to date.
2.
Warnings on medical services
The company is not a licensed supplier of medical services and the jpa has not the aim of replacing an opinion or a medical diagnosis or treat any professional or manage or disease medical condition, playing the role of method for birth control or contraceptive.
Please seek medical attention professional or other qualified health care practitioner before taking any decision or take any conduct which may affect their health and safety, or the health and safety of their families or the foetus.
Never advice from your doctor should not be overlooked or don't come late to consult on concerning this readings app.
Always consult a medical professional in case of applications or doubts about their health, a medical condition or for a change of a medical condition or their state of health.
Considering need of medical treatment, contact the 112 emergency or go to the nearest emergency department.
DECLINIAMO all responsibility for any errors or omissions, or technical unintentional typographic errors in inaccuracies and violations of ethical rules contained provided or moral followed in the user in relation to sex education and the content related.
3.
Registration and fitness
For app, use the need to create or maintain a account (") and provide certain account ' personal information, which could include their name, sex, date of birth and e-mail.
This information will be stored and used in accordance with our privacy policy, which can be consulted on flo.health / en /? = en (" local informativa-sulla-privacy privacy policy.
Is consent to provide accurate information and complete the holding and to update this information promptly in case of any changes.
To create an account and access to app, it must have completed at least 13 years (16 years in the european union) and use the jpa must not have been prohibited by user under the existing rules.
If the user has the age of 18 years, parents or legal guardian should see and acceptance of the terms of this agreement, and using the jpa is confirmed that the parents or legal guardian of the child have seen and accepted this agreement.
We reserve the right to restrict our sole discretion to the availability of certain contents of the app to people aged under 18 years.
4.
Use of app
All content submitted through the app are regulated by the privacy policy of holding / en /? local = flo.health informativa-sulla-privacy.
These usage conditions prevail in all cases of conflict between this agreement and the privacy policy of the company.
If user submit a question or an answer, is considered the only responsible for these communications, the consequences of sending them and of any action taken following communication found in public places.
The company and its licensees are responsible for the consequences of any communication not available in public places.
Where user tell a threat in its own eyes or considers that a third person is in danger, he should ensure immediately call the local police.
If people think need emergency medical assistance, immediately contact your doctor or the 112.
This app user is using its agreement to remain app for purposes under this agreement. prohibited
User is responsible for any activity undertaken in relation to the app and must comply with all the laws and regulations local, provincial, domestic and international, and all codes applicable regulatory.
User accepts that each of the following actions constitute a breach of this agreement and material agrees to refrain from:
A. sell, rent, grant leased, taken by grant agreements, distribute or in any other transfer sub-licenza way fees payable to the app;
B. amend, or disassembling the jpa; decode decompilare
C. copy, alter, modify or adapt translate create works without written consent of the derivative jpa holding;
D. allow the jpa to third persons through techniques which include (but not only) a shared use by network connection, without prejudice to use falling within the terms of this agreement;
E. circumvent or disable any technological or measure aimed at jpa characteristic protection of intellectual property rights;
F. use the app in attempt to avoid, or in combination with any device, programme designed to circumvent, or service technological measures used to control access to, or rights in a file content or other work protected by copyright laws of any jurisdiction;
G. use the app or so that access to compile data are used or usable for products or services competitors.
H. use your account to advertise, require or transmit any commercial advertising, including 139, e-mail messages sent repeatedly anyone or garbage;
I. use your account to implement any illegal conduct;
J. load materials for any communication transmit infringes the rights of the parties, or trasgredisca what these are.
K. load average of all types containing expressions of hatred, abuse, images or conducted offensive, obscene, sexually explicit or any kind of pornographic content which could give rise to civil or criminal liability under laws and regulations, or that otherwise would be in conflict with this agreement and the privacy policy of the holding; or
L. load any type of material which contains computer viruses or codes, file or programmes designed to stop, destroy or restrict the functionality of any computer or this website.
Each jpa will use prohibited the immediate withdrawal of the licence of this app.
5.
Privacy children and restrictions age
We are committed to protect the privacy of children.
One must be aware that this app is designed to will not, nor, attract children under 13 years.
Collect personal information from people who we do not actually have less than 13 years. we
If they live in the european union, to use this app should be making at least 16 years.
Insofar forbidden by the existing legislation, we do not allow the use of this app by residents in the european union have under the age of 16.
Making should be at least 18 years for the use of some features (e.g., the jpa certain courses, content or topics for discussion in chat secret).
If you are aware of a person who does not comply with these restrictions, we want to be contacted on support measures for eliminating or take: @ flo.health withdraw the account.
6.
Control of economic sanctions and exports
Software supporting the jpa could be subject to the laws and regulations on us export and re-export, including regulations on exports (" ear ") administration, guaranteed by the united states department of commerce, trade sanctions and economic managed by, and the regulation on international traffic OFAC arms (" "), run by the department of ITAR.
User represents and warrants to not be (1) in any country or region subject to an embargo u.s. government and (2) not belonging to any category rejected, as specified in the regulations listed above.
User agrees to comply with all the laws and regulations on us exports and foreign to ensure that neither the jpa or technical data related to it, nor any direct product are exported or re-exported directly or indirectly illegally or used for purposes prohibited by such laws and regulations.
7.
Licence limited jpa
User grant a licence staff, overall, and access and revocable non-trasferibile the use of the jpa non-esclusiva for personal non-commercial purposes, under the terms of this agreement.
Each law, title and interest in, or to the app not explicitly by this agreement granted is reserved for the company.
If you want to use the software, the title, the trade name, trademark, the mark of service, the logo, the domain name and / or any other sign identification holding with distinctive features of the brand or any other content of ownership should be obtain written authorisation from it.
Requests for such authorisation may be sent to support @ flo.health.
To avoid any doubt, the company owns the rights to all the texts, images, photos, videos, audio, data on the position and all other forms of data or communication that it creates and makes available in relation to the app, including (but not only) interfaces, function, graphics, interactive design, development of content and compilation of user users and assessments of aggregated reviews all the other elements and components of the jpa, excluding user content (as defined below).
Except as expressly and unequivocally provided in this document, we do not grant any rights explicit or implicit and all rights app and to the court and the contents of the farm, belong to us.
8.
License contained user
The jpa allows you to enter personal notes, share their stories, publish, or place content (also to areas such as the public sent) and certain information in secret chat record (" contained "). app user
User shall retain all rights on content will publish, share or record user app.
Providing user in their content, (a) this app gives the holding a licence, transferable, global subappaltabile non-esclusiva exempted from payment of copyright to use, copy, use, modify and make public its contents show user create work causing or include them in other articles and amend existing, change format and in connection with distribution and operation of the app supply services related and / or for promotional purposes the farm (e.g. make copies on our website within the jpa, social media, in any site or online platform that we might be appropriate, in accordance with this) privacy policy; and (b) is its consent to compensate the company and every affiliate, and its directors, officials and used and to rescue people from every claim and cost, including court costs, attributable to the content and / or the average failure observing the terms of this agreement.
Holding reserves the right to control all contents user before sending them to the site and to remove any content for any reason, at any time, without any prior notice and at his sole discretion.
9.
Use at their own risk
Our aim is to ensure to certain health information more accessible and relevant to the operationally user.
App however, and does not guarantee can not be guaranteed improvements health outcomes or the latter related.
Use jpa and of any information, forecast or provided by takes place in its own suggestion app only risk.
Don't make no statement or provide any guarantees on the accuracy of data, information, estimates and forecasts that we could provide through the app user accepts and confirms that it has understood that the jpa is intended to be or not to achieve the same purpose of a medical device or science.
10.
Exclusion of liability in respect of children
Information provided by the app not incite, induce or promote any act or sexual activity between minors or address the content of communications to any person in particular.
All information provided by the app have only general educational purpose.
Let us carefully consider all materials that, through the app, we accessible to people aged between 13 and 17 years to prevent any inappropriate content or damaging.
Fully understand that the moral and ethical rules governing what information about sexuality are appropriate for minors might change from country to country.
Will not publish or content or content that could publish sexually explicit somehow be harmful to minors or young people under the existing law.
Every reasonable effort to ensure that all materials we provided are based solely on app facts and are scientifically accurate.
One must be aware that opinions on what is offensive or ethical individual harmful to minors may differ from the requirements laid down for the content which could be actually made available children in accordance with applicable law.
11.
Subscriptions
Subscriptions to flo premium.
Application offers the premium: the latter subscription mobile gives access to additional features such as the forecast of the menstrual cycle improved by science data, algorithms based on symptoms and personalised information on stage in the cycle of user, tools to identify recurrences and physical and emotional full reports on health which may be submitted to your doctor.
Subscriptions include some of our a trial period during which free can demonstrate the application mobile at no cost.
The subscription will automatically in a test free will renew subscriptions to payment at the end of the probationary period free of charge.
To cancel a subscription for payment before the start of their own debiting method of payment, it is necessary before the end of the test undo free.
Get monthly and annual subscription.
The cost of subscriptions will be charged on paper debit / credit user through your account itunes and after google play one of our chosen will purchase subscriptions and confirmed.
Subscription payment shall automatically, unless the rinnoveranno option for the automatic renewal is not off until cancellation in section settings management subscriptions your account.
Send a notification to the user in case of possible increases in the price of subscription and, if necessary, we will ask the user's consent to continue.
Charging is within 24 hours of beginning of the period of subscriptions to later. payment
Courses.
Offer, in the case, subscription options for a month, three months and one year.
The cost of subscriptions will be charged on paper debit / credit user, a platform for payment by Stripe Stripe, inc.
After he shall choose one of our subscription options and confirmed the purchase.
User understands and accepts explicitly that all payments and monetary transactions are managed by Stripe.
Shall not be used by Stripe and / or its accounts, credit cards or stolen credit cards unauthorised.
Subscription more payment, unless you prefer automatically deactivate the automatic renewal until contacting our support team cancellation support @ flo.health.
Send a notification to the user in case of possible increases in the price of subscription and, if necessary, we will ask the user's consent to continue.
To request a refund or any other questions relating to the payments related to contact our support team courses, support @ flo.health.
Subscription flo premium + Telehealth.
Application offers the premium subscription mobile users only us + Telehealth.
Subscription premium + is subject to the terms and conditions Telehealth dedicated.
Please read carefully before purchasing the subscription.
12.
Chat secret
Chats secret flo () is a feature of special secret chat app that allows users to communicate with each other on a range of different issues relating to the health and well-being of women.
All comments from users in chat secret are anonymous. takes
If your account is cancelled, the comments related will remain visible to other users of chat secret.
As users of chat, you should not in any way secret:
Posting phrases or comments, rude, name calling, discriminatory, provocative nagging, religious, political, intolerant racist or homophobic offensive.
Publish outrageous, offensive, obscene, pornographic images, which break the law, sexually explicit or any other material (including links to these materials) prohibited by law or by regulations or which may be in conflict with this agreement;
Provide any kind of medical advice or declare be nurse.
Advertise goods or services.
Commit other actions, as defined in the rules of prohibited chat secret.
At our sole discretion, we reserve the right to:
Remove comments or inappropriate content or irrelevant;
Delete or amend comments containing personal data, as the name, address or e-mail;
Restrict or prohibit access to chat secret at any time and without notice if we believe that the content they published or use this agreement; fattone violin
Use copy, modify, reorganization, move, change, public display, lead and distribute debates, comments and publicly materials;
Block for user comments for any reason or as we consider it appropriate, moderarli
Off chats secret at any time without prior notifications.
Information published in chat secret does not constitute advice, prescriptions or suggestions here.
In case of doubt about their health, see a health care professional certificate.
Please bear in mind that our users are not health workers and their advice may not only be inaccurate, but also harmful to their health and wellbeing.
Reads about rules applicable to communication model seen in secret in the rules of chat chat secret.
Rules chats secret are part of the agreement.
Accepting the agreement, are also rules chats secret.
Insofar maximum permitted by law (including, but not only, the communications DECENCY act of 1996), the company declines all responsibility for any consequence stemming from direct or indirect link information and material sent by users, any action or inaction users, breaches of any law and existing regulation.
13.
Password
User is the only person responsible for the adoption of any measure necessary to ensure that no unauthorised person has access to their password or to your account of the jpa.
Is sole responsibility user (1) controlling the spread and the use of the name used for inclusion of username and password on; (2), authorise monitoring and control of access and use your account and its password access to app; (3) inform without delay the holding where the user believes that your account or your password has been compromised, or thinks it has to disable the password for any other reason.
Send e-mail to support @ flo.health.
User gives the holding, and any other natural or legal persons involved in the operation, the right to transmit the jpa, monitoring, access and use their information related to keep functioning of app.
The company can not nor assume any responsibility or obligation for any information sent user as well as to the use or abuse by the user or third parties, of information provided or received through the app.
14.
Exclusion of guarantee
The company owns and operates the app to localities and does not guarantee the appropriateness or the availability of app in each location.
The jpa or some of its features may not be available in their own locality or on the basis of it could change.
The jpa is provided " as it is, " " like " available, and it is without any declaration or guarantee provided of any kind, or implied, including (but not expressed only) rights, implicit guarantees, marketability and compatibility with particular purposes Non-violazione and implicit guarantees at any stage of execution or commercial use, without prejudice to existing -tutte expressly excluded laws.
The company and its managers, employees, agents, representatives, suppliers, partners and content creators do not guarantee: (a) the safety or the availability of app in times or specific location; (b) the correction of defects or errors; (c) the absence of virus or other components on any harmful content or software available on or through the app; or (d) the results meet the use of the app to user requirements.
Use jpa is the only at risk of user; or (e) the accuracy, reliability and completeness of content, of the texts, images, software, materials or communications provided by third parties graphs on or through the app, including the chat secret.
States / countries do not allow limitations of responsibility, then the restrictions on implicit guarantees above may not be applicable.
15.
Limitation of liability
In any case, the enterprise, its officials, agents, directors, employees, advertising or affiliated data providers are responsible for indirect damage, special incidental, or (including, but not punitive CONSEQUENZIALI only, loss of use, loss of profits or loss of data) is action contract in the illegal (including, but not only civil), in the capital, negligence or elsewhere, which have arisen or in any way related to the use of this app.
Responsibility totalfarmarea under any circumstances kind from or link to the present terms or arising from the use or the inability to use the app will overcome the amounts to be paid to the company for the use of app, or $ 100 (100 $) if you don't have any obligation to payment in respect of the holding, where applicable.
Some systems do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability, so the limitations referred to above might not be applicable.
The company and any third party mentioned in are not responsible for any personal injury app, including mortality, caused by the use or misuse of app.
16.
Use of mobile devices
Note that using the mobile device shall apply the normal by app costs and prices of telephone company used for the text messages and the use of network data.
17.
Services third-party
The jpa could give access to link websites, app or other goods or services (" third-party services third-party ").
The holding does not monitor in any way services third-party and according to this, has no responsibilities associated with the services of third parties.
Should take appropriate measures to determine whether access to services third-party is appropriate, including the protection of their personal data and privacy in the use of such services third-party and the agreements related observation.
18.
User feedback
User feedback on the app is important for us.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, all communication or published by the user in store jpa will be considered sent on a non-confidential.
User accepts our decision to publish such content to our full discretion.
User agrees to allow our use of such material free of charge, their review, modification or adjustment and simultaneous, or any other change change which we consider appropriate.
19.
Rights implementation
We are not obliged to monitor access to app or its use.
However, we reserve the right to do so for the management and maintenance of the app to ensure compliance with this agreement, and the observation of applicable legal requirements by the user.
Conducted illegal authorities could make public security and in line with an effective process of law, we can cooperate with the authorities of public security during the prosecution of users responsible for violations of the law.
We reserve the right, but we do not have any obligation) to remove or off any content published app or any access to app at any time without notice, if our sole discretion that the content to make user or use jpa are questionable this agreement or violin.
The company has no obligation or no responsibility to users of the jpa or any other person or entity for the implementation or the non-execution of such activities.
20.
Amendments to app
Expansions changes and improvements to take place regularly and without prior warning app.
Could also, at any time, end the functioning total or partial jpa or off some of its function.
Use jpa shall not give entitlement to the supply or the availability of continuous app.
Every modification or removal in or function will be at our specific app alone and absolute discretion, without any obligation or liability towards the user.
21.
Compensation
Is consent to defend, and consider the company, its compensate, directors, employees, officials and agents, licensees and against any immune from suppliers claim, action or request or agreement including, without limitation, responsibility and all reasonable legal or accounting derived from expenditure is expected to be, any violations of the user himself in this agreement.
22.
Various
Any dispute arising from this agreement will be governed by the law of the state of california, irrespective of the provisions on legal conflict.
Jurisdiction only and exclusively for any action or proceeding arising from or related to this agreement shall be in a state or federal court appropriate, situated in the county of san francisco, california, and the parties shall waive unconditionally to their respective rights to trial by jury.
Action user might undertake on its use of the app should be initiated within a (1) year from the start of claim or action.
If for any reason a competent court considers that any clause of this agreement or any part thereof is not applicable, that provision shall be applied in the broader context as possible in order to implement the intentions of this agreement; the remainder of this agreement will continue to be fully valid and effective.
A printed version of this agreement shall be eligible in any judicial or administrative proceeding.
No withdrawal by holding any term or condition set out in this agreement must be regarded as a further withdrawal or any other term or continuous condition, and each of the holding of a right or inability to assert a clause under this agreement must not be a withdrawal clause or that entitlement.
If any clause in this agreement is deemed invalid, illegal or not applicable, for any reason, by a court or any other body in jurisdiction, the clause judgement will be removed or limited to the minimum area, so that the remaining provisions of this agreement continue to be fully valid and enforceable.
To date, all the terms of this agreement which, by their nature, must survive the deadline, will remain in force, including, but not only, clauses on ownership restrictions guarantee and the limitations of liability.
Each dispute between the parties related to this agreement will be procedures and the parties do not associated or individual will lead a class action, without prejudice to any dispute previously agreed in writing by the parties.
Deny service, and we could change the account close eligibility requirements at any time.
23.
Notices and procedures removed
If expected materials available to or through our app their right to copyright, violin may require the removal (or their access) from this app, the company and contacting provide the following information:
А.
Identification opera protected by copyright, the subject of alleged infringement.
Describe opera and, where possible, include a copy or the position (e.g.
Jpa page a) of a authorized version.
B. equipment identification leading to the alleged infringement and its position.
Describe material and to provide the url or any other relevant information that will enable us to identify the material.
C. its name, address, telephone number and e-mail address (if available).
D. a statement that it is considered in good faith, that the use of material contested is not authorized by the holder copyright, its agent or by law.
. A statement that the information is accurate, indicating that " death " was accused of perjury copyright holders or has been authorised to act on behalf of the holder of the copyright.
F. a signature or electronic signature keeper copyright or his authorised representative.
To protect the rights of the holders of copyright, the company had a policy for the revocation, in appropriate circumstances, connections and accounts jpa of those users have committed violations frequently.
Questions and comments
If there are comments or questions about any part jpa or on conditions of use, if present you need support or you have complaints to make, please contact us on support @ flo.health.
