Usage terms
Last updated: 3 april 2014
Welcome internet sites of garmin ltd.
And subsidiaries (" garmin ").
Garmin garmin.com, " " the sites are,, and other connect.garmin.com garmin.blogs.com my.garmin.com websites on which they are published the following terms used.
This document refers sometimes " garmin us. "
Carefully read the following terms used before using a site garmin.
Site garmin, using a user agree to be bound by these terms used.
If intends not to accept the terms used reported in this document, the user must refrain from using sites garmin.
Some departments or functions offers on certain sites could be applied. special terms garmin
Deadlines are published in relation to the service or the specific function.
These terms are considered to be an addition to the terms of use below and, in case of conflict, have priority over the terms of use appearing here.
Garmin may amend the terms of use at any time, updating this document.
User is bound to any changes and is therefore regularly visit this page to check the terms used.
To use the content
Garmin the content of websites, as texts, graphs, images, audio files, video files and other materials, as well as the domain names, slogans, the organisation and appearance of sites (the " content "), collectively are protected by copyright, trademarks and other laws in force in the united states and other countries and are owned or controlled by garmin or third parties, whose contents have been licensed to garmin.
Unauthorised use of content may be copyright infringement, rules on trade marks and other laws.
Where a site is configured in order to allow the garmin download a specific content, the user is authorized to download a single copy of such content on a single computer exclusively for personal use, non-commercial, provided that (a) the user keep all notifications copyright and property present in the original content, (b) doesn't sell or would modify the content or reproduced, display, performs publicly or use the contents in any way divide for public or commercial without the prior written consent of garmin and (c) do not use the content in order to allow an association with any of the assumed products, services or marks of society.
User is not allowed, without the prior written consent of, to execute the " " garmin mirroring on any other servers materials contained on a website garmin.
Content shall not be used in any other website or environment of networked computers for any purpose, without the prior written consent of garmin.
Marks logo, the marks service (the " marks ") are owned by displayed on sites garmin or parties. garmin
Usingsuch marks without the prior written consent of garmin or parties is not allowed.
For information on how to obtain approval from the use of content found on the garmin website at sending an e-mail webmaster @ garmin.com.
If garmin allows the software downloads from a site and user software, such discharges garmin software, including, for example, files, images integrated or generated by the data support the software and software (" software ") are collectively known as licensed user to and from third parties exclusively for use garmin personal, non-commercial licensees.
Garmin not moved user any software ownership.
User to distribute or use otherwise software or,, or convert to decode decompilare disassembling the software readable form.
Save as otherwise expressly provided and elsewhere, does not recognise any garmin assurances as regards the software, including, for example, all the guarantees, expressed, or law, implicit, eligibility for a specific purpose, merchantability ownership and not violation.
Garmin won't be responsible for any (1) or inaccuracy software; (2) error loss or damage (including, without limitation, damage, indirect incidental, special or CONSEQUENZIALI specimens) arising from the use of download or the software or caused by this inaccuracy, or damage software error.
Where one of the clauses referred to above is not valid under the current rules, the responsibility of garmin limited to what is maximum permitted by law.
Public forums and communications
" Public forum ' means an area, a website or a features provided as part of a website that allows users to send the garmin content (" ") to make it visible user contributions to one or more users of sites, including, for example, garmin areas messages, forums, circles of community social pages chat or blogs.
User accepts that the public forums and functionalities referred to public use and not communications offers are private and user does not have any expectation of privacy in relation to any user contribution in a public forum.
Society can not guarantee the security of information that the user decides to disclose media through these: user performs such disclosure voluntarily and at their own risk.
Is necessary to use the common rules of common sense disclosure comments during, or other content on other users, service providers, garmin or third parties.
User is liable for damage caused to other users, or a third party by garmin comments, obsenations or other information or content or defamatory, released on the offence legally garmin.
Garmin is not responsible for any contributions, even if a user contribution is defamatory or otherwise punishable user legally.
User remains solely contributions that distributes or through a user on site on any public forum and consequences garmin of such publication.
Society is not bound by any obligation of monitoring public forums.
User will be the only responsible for the damage arising from any breach of copyright, property rights or any other damage due to a contribution user.
Sending material to a site, the user shall ensure that the garmin automatically holder has expressly agreed to grant material to the rights and the licence garmin free of charge, perpetual, and not exclusive to use play irrevocable, modify, publish, and distribute such adapt translate material (in whole or in part) throughout the world and / or to incorporate such equipment in other products in any form or by any means or technology already known or yet to be developed for the duration of copyright or any other rights which can exist in this material.
User also allows access to other users, view, store or reproduce the material for personal use.
With this document user gives the right to modify, copy, garmin publish and distribute any material made available to any website garmin.
User notes that the use of any contribution in a public forum is user published his total risk.
Society, for example, is not in any way responsible adopted the views, advice or suggestions published or sent by users in a public forum and declines all responsibility in relation to each specifically as specified.
Garmin nor confirmation or requirements, training or verification skills users or the information published in a public forum.
Therefore garmin advised caution and exercise common sense and common sense during the use of a garmin or a public forum site.
Rules of conduct: user undertakes not to send any contribution on a website, which is: user garmin
Defamatory offensive, threatening, or that violates the right molesto privacy of another person;
Biased abusive, offensive, racially motivated or otherwise offensive.
Obscene pornographic, violent, vulgar, or otherwise in terms of explicit sexual or that might reasonably damage any natural or legal person;
Illegal encourages or promotes or illegal activities or the debate with the intention of illegal activities, including a contribution that is user commetterle or represents an attempt to focus on child pornography, acts persecutors for sexual purposes, aggression fraud, trafficking obscene material or stolen, traffic and / or drug abuse, harassment, theft or a criminal association.
Violates breaks or rights of third parties, including: (a) rights relating to copyright in a trade mark, commercial secrecy, patent or other rights owners or contractual; (b) the right to privacy (in particular, the user should not disclose any personal information other without the express consent) or advertising; or (c) the constraints of confidentiality;
Concerns trade issues or business or advertise or the sale of products, services or provides other (for profit or not) or to urge others to do so (including the stresses and strains of contributions or donations);
Contains a virus or other component or harmful, or otherwise does harm manometta sites or networks or related garmin otherwise interfere with the use or the enjoyment of sites by garmin natural or legal persons;
(A) is not generally relate to the subject or the matter appointed public forum relevant; (b) infringes any restriction applicable to a specific public forum, including restrictions and procedures governing the duration; or (c) is anti-social, damaging or, including ", " flaming destructive ' spamming ', ", " " flooding " and " trolling ', as these terms are griefing commonly understood and used on the internet; or
Is false or misleading.
We can not guarantee, and we do not ensure that other users act in accordance with the rules of conduct above or with other provisions of these terms of use and, under the terms mutually concluded between the user, these takes and garmin all the risks of personal injury or damage resulting from such failure to conform.
Garmin reserves the right, but any obligation or liability, rejecting decline the publication, communication or removal of any contribution user from a site that it violates the present terms of use garmin (including rules of conduct).
Account
Some services on sites permit or require the creation of a garmin account to attend activity or to produce additional benefits.
User agrees to provide, maintaining and updating personal information true, correct and complete, current, as requested by the registration procedures (the " records.
User undertakes not to take the identity of any other natural or legal person or declare the false on his identity or affiliation with any other natural or legal person, including the use of username, password or other information on the account of another person or the name, preferences, of voice, image or of photography of another person.
User accepts also immediately inform at webmaster @ any unauthorised use of the name garmin.com user, password or other information relating to account or any other breach of security that the user is aware, involving any site or related garmin.
Garmin reserves the right to suspend or deactivate the account and the possibility of using a site or part of it in the event of garmin non-compliance with the present usage terms or under special relating to a particular service.
Responsibility for garmin
Garmin provides no guarantee on the accuracy, reliability, timeliness or integrity of content or on the results that can be achieved using sites and content and garmin
Any use of sites and content is at the full risk garmin user.
Sites garmin are revised periodically and changes can be made at any time.
Sites garmin part of the contents may be provided by third parties and garmin can not be held responsible for the content provided by third parties.
Garmin does not ensure that the operation of sites is free of errors, nor that garmin sites or their servers are free of garmin virus or other files harmful.
If use of sites or causing the need for content garmin repair or replacement of equipment or the loss of income or data, will not be responsible for the associated costs. garmin
Sites garmin and content are given " as " without guarantees of any kind.
Garmin denies, as much as permitted by the regulations in force, all the guarantees, including, without limitation, the warranty of merchantability, no violation of rights owners or third parties and the guarantee of fitness for a specific purpose.
Denial of responsibility for damage specific
User takes all the risks of use of sites garmin.
If user is not satisfied with the contents or other content of the sites of these terms and conditions, or garmin the only remedy is the suspension of the use of garmin sites.
Garmin under any circumstances or any third party involved mentioned in sites can be held liable for a garmin against any kind (including, without limitation, incidental, damage, loss of profits or specimens and CONSEQUENZIALI damage resulting from a loss of data or interruption of trade) arising from the use or the impossibility of using sites and content, on the basis of garmin guarantee contract, fault or other, and also legal theory where has been warned of the possibility of garmin such damage.
Some courts is not allowed the exclusion or the limitation of damage and therefore restrictions or incidental CONSEQUENZIALI and exclusions above may not be valid in specific cases and will be applied as much as permitted by the regulations in force.
Links to other sites
Sites garmin may contain links to websites third-party maintained by others.
Links to these websites of third parties are given only for practical reasons; the presence of such links does not constitute approval of its contents by garmin.
Garmin is not responsible for the content of websites third-party related and does not provide any kind of guarantee for the content or the accuracy of materials or practices therein which confidentiality of such third parties.
Access websites third-party related is entirely at risk of the user.
Applications third
Sites garmin you can download applications developed by third parties.
Garmin shall not be liable and does not provide any guarantee on the content and the function applications of third parties or procedures privacy such third developers.
If you decide to download and use applications third such procedures are wholly at risk of the user.
Allowances
User agrees to defend and protect and compensate their officials, garmin directors, employees and agents, and against any compensation claims, legal proceedings or requests, including, without limitation and in a reasonable way, legal expenses and accounting related or arising from abuse by the user of these terms of use.
Export control
The united states and a few others control the export of products and information.
User accepts to comply with these restrictions and not export or re-export content in countries or individuals by legislation on the control of exports. prohibited
Downloading content, user confirmation of not be in one of the countries in which such exports are prohibited and not to be included in the table of denial orders the department of commerce of the united states or in the list of entities with special (Specially designated nationals) designation.
User has a responsibility to comply with the rules of the local jurisdiction on imports, exports and re-exports of content.
Policy on copyright
Garmin respects the intellectual property rights of others.
Within policy, at its discretion and if appropriate garmin, the annulment user accounts that they can violate or violate copyrights third-party repeatedly.
To send a notification of copyright infringement to send a notification in accordance with the " garmin dmca " (digital millennium copyright act), providing the agent copyright specified below the following information in writing:
A signature natural or electronic a person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right which was allegedly breached.
Identification copyrighted work that has been declared, where several works breached or protected by copyright which are located on one site online and which are covered by a single notification, a representative list of this work.
Identification material that is the origin of the breach or related to activities of these rights and that must be harming removed or made unavailable for access and sufficient information to enable the provider of the service to identify the material.
Information sufficient to enable the provider of the service contact who sent the notification as an address, a phone number and, if available, an e-mail address.
A statement by the party which sent the notification which says in good faith that the use of the material in the manner of the complaint is not authorized by the holder copyright, by his agent or by law.
A declaration stating that the information contained in the notification is accurate and that sentence charges of perjury, the party which sent the notification is authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right which was allegedly breached.
User notes that, if not complies with all requirements in the previous indent, information dmca may not be valid.
See article 17 of the u.s.c.).
512 for any information about dmca and on the notifications dmca.
You can contact our appointed agent to receive notification of alleged breach in the following ways:
E-mail: copyright @ garmin.com
By post:
Dmca designated agent
Attn: legal department
Garmin international, inc.
1200 east 151st street
Olathe, ks 66062
General
Except in the cases mentioned in this section, all the legal issues arising from or associated with the use of sites will be interpreted in accordance with and garmin determined by the legislation of the state of kansas applicable to contracts concluded and executed kansas, independently of the conflict with the principles of law.
Site garmin, using a user accepts that the court responsible for any compensation claims or legal cases arising from the use of the site is exclusively the district court of kansas garmin or any court of justice of the state of kansas located in johnson county.
User surrender, with this document, as much as irrevocably permitted by the law, to raise any objections which may arise now or following here, as well as any compensation claims arising from this procedure.
User is not a citizen of the united states; (b) does not lie in the united states; (c) not onto the site by the united states; and (d garmin) is a national of one of the countries listed below, accepts that any claim or dispute arising from these terms used will be governed by the regulations in force as specified in the following, irrespective of any document conflict with the legal deadlines.
User also accepts to undergo jurisdiction of courts state, irrevocably province or country following whose laws governing:
If the user is a citizen of:
A european union country
Legislation and forum:
British legislation; london, england.
For complaints or additional information, you can contact the supplier in writing at garmin international, inc.,
1200 151st east street,, kansas, united states Olathe 66062 of america, for telephone number (913) () or by asking the webmaster 397-8200 at e-mail webmaster @ garmin.com.
