Terms and conditions of service GRINDR
Welcome to the software application for mobile devices (" software ") (" Grindr Grindr llc, " " we, " " Grindr there, " " our "), on the website and in any other mobile service web application or held, controlled or offered by, either now or in the future (Grindr collectively, " services "). Grindr
For reasons of clarity, it should specify that any reference in this document to " services ' includes " software Grindr Grindr. "
Users entering, discharge, use, and / or sign purchase services (collectively or individually " user " Grindr or " users ') in accordance with the following must do so terms and conditions of service (this " contract ").
This contract is a legally binding agreement between user and GRINDR.
Read the contract before using any service. GRINDR
Downloading airbus, using buying and / or performing the subscription services, user acknowledges having read GRINDR and understood the content and agree to be bound by the terms of this contract.
User does not accept this contract, please cease using services GRINDR.
Section 21 of this contract contains provisions governing the settlement of disputes between the and user. GRINDR
In particular, the arbitration convention in this section requires, with limited exceptions that disputes between GRINDR and user shall be subject to arbitration final and binding, unless the user is not state otherwise.
Also: (1) the user can only assert their rights vis-à-vis on an individual basis and not in any GRINDR processes class or representative actions; and (2) will have to waive their right to go to court and require a trial by jury of legal procedures.
For further information relating to this convention, the arbitration and the possibility of its possible impact oppose it, see the section 21.
If the user is resident in the european union, the united kingdom or in certain other countries outside the united states, should refer to special terms for users units (" "). special terms
If the user is resident in one of the countries mentioned in the special terms could enjoy additional rights, or parts of this contract, such as the convention of arbitration, might not be applicable to the user.
Please save a copy of this contract for future needs.
Finance a copy of this contract an e-mail at the address: help @ inviandoci, subject: terms of the contract of grindr.com service.
Age restrictions and security.
Use forbidden to minors.
Any person who has not taken eighteen (18) (or 21 years (21) instead of eighteen (18) years where this is the age) can display, own or use services GRINDR, directly or indirectly.
You need to be adult.
With this agreement, user says and guarantees to have at least eighteen (18) (or 21 years (21) instead of eighteen (18) years where this is the age), to be able to take the legal obligations of this contract and respect all obligations that this entails.
Security.
GRINDR is not responsible for the use of services or activities of other users with GRINDR which the user can exchange information or have contact.
GRINDR does not carry out checks on criminal records or otherwise of their users.
GRINDR do not check the information provided by users with respect to health, identity, or any other aspect physical condition.
GRINDR also is not responsible for activities or legal consequences from the use by the user in places that might be an attempt to criminalise or limit the personal interaction.
The user must make informed decisions on this application in his country and assess the potential negative effects.
Warning: important responsibility for data exclusion of location.
Services GRINDR include exclusively as personal services and location for individual use and should not be used, or regarded as a detection system emergency while driving vehicles or operating or must be used in places that are hazardous which require benefits test error or any other application in which the failure or the lack of precision of the application or services could cause death, personal injury directly GRINDR or serious damage to persons or property.
GRINDR is not intended or suitable for discovery of family, to control fleet or any other type of commercial use or business.
Currently exist other products that can be used specifically for these purposes.
Users.
Use outside the united states of america.
Services Grindr are controlled and offered by the united states of america, and Grindr irrespective of the place of residence of the user, their use is governed by the law of the state of california.
Grindr had no comment on the appropriate use of services in other places or their legality Grindr in all jurisdictions.
Those entering or use the services of other places do it to its Grindr risk and are responsible for the accordance with local requirements.
User agrees to the transfer and processing of data in the united states of america and in any other jurisdiction of the world.
See our privacy policy for any information about collection, use and transfer of data user.
Special terms.
Users living in certain countries, including those of the european union and the united kingdom, could have extra rights or parts of this contract may not be applicable to user if required by law the jurisdiction of membership.
See deadlines for users for further details. special international
English.
Grindr can provide translations of this contract and the language versions local services for comfort and convenience users Grindr international.
This contract was written in english and in the case where the translated version of this contract is not consistent with the english version is the english version to prevail.
Similarly Grindr, reserves the right to correct mistakes in translation and similar problems caused by local language versions of this contract and services Grindr.
Recording and using account
Registration account.
User creates an account in any of the services (a) " user account Grindr and sends information to the user must ensure that these Grindr information is accurate.
If information were to be changed, the user should ensure update without delay.
Accounts are exclusive use of the user.
You can't use account third at any time.
User can not buy, sell, rent or lease access to its user account nor the username without written authorisation by Grindr.
User can not agree with or otherwise transfer its user account or its credentials.
Security account.
User is the only responsible for the maintenance of confidentiality password and information of your account.
User is also the only responsible for all activities that take place in conjunction with your account and undertakes to notify without delay any unauthorised use of its account Grindr or any other breach of security.
Grindr is not responsible for any losses, damages, liability, costs or legal fees it may arise due to the use by others, password or account user, with or without the user's authorisation.
Grindr has no obligation to retain data account user.
Grindr has no obligation to retain data account or any other data or information that the user may be stored by the account or services Grindr for your convenience.
Services Grindr are not intended for data retention.
User alone is responsible for the backup data (e.g.
Saving separately contact details of persons known through services). Grindr
Privacy policy the collection, use and the sharing of personal data and other information relating to user are subject to privacy policy of Grindr.
User agrees to the collection, storage, use and to the sharing of this information as indicated in our privacy policy.
Changes to the service.
Grindr reserves the right, at his discretion to add or to discontinue services or any part at any Grindr moment for any reason and without prior notice or responsibility of the user, except as provided in section 6.
But we reserve the right to make these changes, added or, if necessary, for interruptions without warning comply with the law, to protect or invoke the legal rights, or otherwise to address or prevent an emergency.
Relevant premium that if we make adjustments services: (a) reduce the function available on this service premium and (b) is compulsory (i.e., do not require the updating of the software to become effective); user Grindr can close your account accordingly within 10 days from such changes (as defined in section 11.2) and receiving a refund for any prepaid amounts, but not pro-rata used for such services premium.
We reserve the right to charge at any time the cost of access to all or part of the services and to amend those tariffs in any Grindr time, provided that any amendment does not affect an fees for services premium already paid by the user.
Property property rights and services are owned by Grindr from which Grindr are being managed.
Services Grindr, content, visual information interfaces, graphics, design, build, code computer products, software, services, including applications for mobile devices, and all the other elements of services (collectively, the " materials " Grindr) are protected by u.s. copyright, patent and trademark image commercial laws, laws and international conventions and all other intellectual property rights and owners and relevant applicable law.
All materials contained in services are owned by or Grindr Grindr its subsidiaries or associates and / or licensing. third concessori
All marks and service marks, trade names in services are displayed Grindr or its owners Grindr related and / or concessori licence third parties.
Unless expressly authorized by under this contract, the Grindr user agrees not to sell, licensing, distribute, copy, modify, or perform public display, transmitting, publishing, to adapt, create works derived from or used in any other way materials.
Guidelines use, usage rules and behaviour and use prohibited.
Guidelines user profile available at GRINDR http: / / / / (" guidelines www.grindr.com community-guidelines "), modified are integrated for reference in periodically this contract.
Read guidelines before using services Grindr.
GRINDR can eliminate any material sent and ensure the account-deletion.
Grindr may require to eliminate, or it may eliminate any content of Grindr user (as defined below) at any time and for any reason or without a specific reason.
User viola if the contents in any way the guidelines of this contract, as stipulated by this may result in the violation, Grindr deletion of user account and result in the interruption of access to services Grindr.
User includes, recognised and accepted the following words relating to behaviour and uses prohibited listed below:
User will not use the services or any information displayed inside the Grindr services for ", " molest, persecuting Grindr abuse, falsehood, threaten or other users; violate the privacy fraud or other users ' rights; or try to collect, to collect, store or disclose personal information without authorization or on the position of other users;
User does not include pornographic material or offensive or damaging materials in profile page personal services Grindr;
User will not use the services for public or commercial purposes, such as Grindr sale or advertising of goods or services, and recognises that the services are offered only for personal use and Grindr non-commercial manner and for the purpose which proposes; Grindr
User will not use the services for commissioning or encourage illegal or purpose Grindr in violation of any local law, state, national or international, including laws governing criminal acts, banned or subsidiaries, intellectual property and other property rights, data protection and privacy and measures; import or export
User does not include in its staff profile page, materials containing video, audio, photographs or images of any person under the age of eighteen (18 years) or any person over the age of eighteen (18) years without your permission.
User tenders and proposals will not make advertising unsolicited or send junk to other services users Grindr.
This includes advertising, or other promotional materials unsolicited advertising material, send mass commercial advertising, spam, information requests charity and announcements, or requests for signatures for petitions polls participation in surveys or studies;
User will not come on behalf of another person or entity claiming an affiliation with another falsely person or entity or other users by going accounts Grindr users;
User will not be wrongly the source, the identity or the content of the information transmitted through the offices of; Grindr
User not will display the application of or profiling data on any Grindr monitor or display outside or in any public place;
User eluderà, will not remove, or interfere in any way harm deactivate, with features relating to the security services, which prevent or limit the functionality Grindr use or copy any content accessible via services or functions that impose limits on Grindr use services Grindr;
User intentionally or not hinder the functioning of services of damages or any user Grindr use, in any way, including loading or viruses, or other harmful; worm codes
User won't run, will store, will, or will disseminate information or materials which will send a sensible person could deem questionable,, offensive, obscene, diffamatori calunniosi, pornographic, indecent, threatening, embarrassing, vanity, and agonizing, offensive in terms of denigratori racial, ethnic or in any other way, for any group or individual, intentionally misleading, false or improper, irrespective of whether such materials or their spread is unlawful or not;
User won't run, will store, will, or will disseminate information or materials which will violin patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other rights of any person;
User will not use the services with products, systems or applications installed Grindr, or otherwise related communication with vehicles entitled to navigation, positioning, dispatch, guide real-time road management fleets or similar applications;
User Grindr will not use the services in relation to proof hazardous environments requiring performance or any error application in which the failure or the lack of precision of the application or services could cause personal injury or death, Grindr damage to persons or goods;
User will not attempt to access in a manner not authorised services, or to any part of them Grindr, other accounts, computer systems or networks related services, or to any part of them Grindr through hacking, mining or any other means, or password or interfere with the proper functioning will try to interfere services or by any activity of services Grindr of Grindr;
User explore, will not the vulnerability of services or testerà or any system or network; Grindr will not use any robots, spider, or any other instrument for automated scraper access services Grindr for any purpose without express written authorisation; will ignore headers exclusion of robots or any other measure used by to prevent or restrict access to Grindr services Grindr; services will not change in any way or in any form Grindr; won't use or develop applications or other products that interact with services and provide access to the contents of Grindr other users or information without the written authorization of Grindr; won't use modified versions services Grindr, also in order to gain unauthorised access to services Grindr; and
User will not prevent users during the use or utilities of or is or will encourage the prohibited activities Grindr by this agreement.
Services premium and purchases
Services premium.
Some services, for example, could be unlimited or Grindr xtra Grindr accessible only through the creation of a user account and the payment of a fee (" premium ") services.
Through these user account can access these services premium for a given period, which will be automatically renewed.
Information period of renewal and the total cost of each tender services will be available under the premium services or are offered services elsewhere where Grindr premium.
Automatic renewal services premium.
Services premium more automatically and continuously over the period of subscription and the method of payment is charged automatically price in force (renewal plus tax applicable), without any additional action by the user.
User recognised and accepted that services are renewed automatically, unless premium user does not require the cancellation of renewal or his GRINDR decides suspension or termination in accordance with this agreement.
Policy reversal.
User subscription services premium may cancel at any time, subject to compliance with the terms of this contract.
To carry out the annulment, has to be followed the instructions in services. GRINDR
Cancellation taxes are not expected.
To instructions for the cancellation of services premium to submit a request by e-mail to the address help @ grindr.com.
Proof of service premium.
Premium Grindr access to services could be available for a short period periodically test (" free " or " proof of service test. " premium
This agreement shall also apply to all periods of test.
User may be requested to provide data or credit card debt at the time of registry for the trial period.
In this case, the corresponding amount will be charged on credit card debt or user only if this is not the cancellation before the end of the probationary period.
If Grindr requires data credit card or debt and the user does not carry out the cancellation before the end of the probationary period, the test may be converted into a subscription for payment and the amount of subscription required at the start of the test may be charged on credit card or debt.
Proof premium service is not available to users who have already benefited from services for users who have made or premium proof free service and previously performed the cancellation before paying the fee for services premium.
Purchases.
Grindr reserves the right to correct mistakes (changing information relating to service or indicating the error in the user Grindr way on to cancel the order) or to update the information at any time without notice.
Grindr may accept or refuse requests for cancellation of individual orders at its absolute discretion.
All sales are final.
Promotional codes.
Grindr may, from time to time and at his sole discretion, offer certain codes to be entitled to promotional discounts.
Codes promotional are not transferable and are not convertible into cash, good or usable for purchases above.
There is no possibility of replacing them with money.
Also codes promotional may not be used in combination with other tenders or and must be redeemed by the campaign discounts date published, if available.
Codes promotional unused can not be replaced.
May be a tutorial per customer.
Codes promotional are invalid where their use is prohibited.
Grindr may stop or change any support programme, at any time and at its own discretion.
Payments shall not be refunded.
Except where expressly and otherwise provided in this agreement (including section 24 where the user is resident in some us states and the terms in which the user is resident special in some countries), all payments to final and all expenses not are Grindr are eligible.
Cancellation are valid from following billing period in which the payment is due, except as otherwise expressly and provided for in this contract.
Taxes.
Unless otherwise stated at the time of purchase, all payments for Grindr taxes or duties are not required by the tax authorities, therefore the user is responsible for the payment of these taxes or duties.
Microtransazioni.
Periodically user might be able to buy a licence limited staff, non-transferable basis non-assignable, for certain features in sublicenza revocable for use only in services (collectively, " ") Grindr Microtransazioni.
Grindr reserves the right to charge the expenses, the right of access to the sole discretion, or use add-ons and / or may distribute them free of charge or not.
Grindr can handle regular check, edit or delete and / or compromised Microtransazioni additional any time.
Any balance on additional features shown in account user is not a real balance or any value, but is stored reflects a measure of the size of the licence of the user.
Additional features shall not entail costs for non-use; however, the licence granted by the user in accordance with the terms of this will end Microtransazioni contract when the provision of services or interrupt if the user's account is Grindr otherwise closed or discarded.
Grindr will have no responsibility for the user or any third party where exercise those rights. Grindr
Providing add-ons for use in service is a service that commences immediately after Grindr acceptance of such Microtransazioni.
All MICROTRANSAZIONI made via services GRINDR shall be final and non-recoverable.
User acknowledges that is not required to provide a reimbursement GRINDR for any reason and will not receive any money or other fees for the additional features not used when account will be closed, irrespective of whether a that such termination is voluntary or involuntary.
Use.
User recognises that access to some of the services is only possible downloading the software Grindr Grindr on a mobile device.
User will not be able to display the contents (including chat without having downloaded the software and recorded an account. Grindr
GRINDR reserves the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the use of services GRINDR by any user, including registration or function messaging, as is the use or access to information regarding the position and profiles of other users.
GRINDR therefore reserves also entitled to (a) any use or access to services off by the user, including the GRINDR information regarding the position or profiles or other users, (b) any user account for any reason and without prior warning or responsibility of the user.
Refunds be paid only when expressly provided for in this agreement.
User is the only responsible for its involvement with other users and all the content and materials providing services Grindr.
User Grindr will not be responsible for any accepts that loss or damage suffered as a result of such interactions.
Grindr reserves the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the disagreements between multiple users.
Grindr does not control the content of accounts and the profiles of the user.
Grindr has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor this content for any purpose.
User acknowledges that it is the only responsible for all the content and material providing services Grindr.
Refusal or suspension of the service by GRINDR
The user can delete account at any time and for any reason, according to the instructions in services. Grindr
This agreement will immediately at the time of cancellation account, except as provided in section 25.4 below.
If the user has a user account set with service premium, summary invoices user may cancel your account at any time.
User will continue to have access to any billing period or during periods in which has been paid.
Grindr may suspend or close any user account that the user has with services or access to, or the use of Grindr services or any part thereof Grindr if considers that the content of the profile of Grindr user or conduct user services within our terms of service or infringes Grindr if the user has otherwise in violation of this contract, or for any other reason, the sole discretion, in accordance with sections 11.4 and 11.5 below.
Grindr may also remove and discard all or part of the user account or any content (as defined below) at any time.
User accepts that any interruption of its access to services of or any user account Grindr or part of it can be carried out without prior warning (except as provided in section 11.4 below) and accepts that it will not be responsible against him or Grindr vis-à-vis third parties for this interruption and that repayment will be granted only if expressly provided for in this agreement, including the section 11.5 below).
Grindr e.g. could deactivate the where user account prolonged periods of inactivity.
Without limitation on its other rights, reserves the right to remove all Grindr content services user in case of elimination or cancellation of Grindr user account.
Any suspected, offensive or fraudulent activity which may lead to illegal termination of the use of services may be entrusted to the competent judicial authorities Grindr.
These measures are in addition to any other measure which may adopt pursuant to law or Grindr developing equitativa.
User paid for a service premium, the advance Grindr will provide at least 30 days for the termination of access to services or any Grindr unless user account, the content of the profile of the user or his conduct within the services does not violate our terms of service Grindr or has otherwise in violation of this contract, in which case may suspend or terminate access Grindr immediately user services Grindr or any user account.
User paid for a service premium and its access to services of Grindr cut Grindr or any user account, a refund for any amount proportional Grindr will match, but not used for such services pre-pagato premium, provided that there is a likelihood that Grindr access services stop user Grindr or any user account because he violated our terms of employment, will be entitled to collect the amounts Grindr paid for services Grindr.
However, where required by law (as in the united kingdom), only an amount to cover all Grindr withholds the costs and other losses that will be following the violation or infringement, which may mean that it will not have any reimbursement.
User recognises and accepts that google, apple or any other provider platform third parties (as appropriate, based on the device and the operating system) may be the seller official for transactions involving services Grindr.
As such, it may be necessary to call for any reimbursement which the user is entitled under this contract through the app store, google play or other platform third-party (as appropriate).
Grindr considers that if the user has eliminated its user account suspended or by mistake, may contact the email @ grindr.com help Grindr at any time.
Content of the user
Services Grindr allow all users to send content and materials (e.g. images, ideas, concepts or creative suggestions) notes and other users (" contained Grindr ") and allow the user, sharing and / or hosting the publication of such content user with and with other users. Grindr
User alone is responsible for its content and the consequences of their uploading or of their publication.
With regard to content of user, user represents and warrants: (i) to hold or have the necessary rights, licences, authorisations and permits the use and allows to use intellectual property rights Grindr and other entitlements relating to content owners user in order to allow the inclusion and use the same services as provided for by this agreement; and (and Grindr (ii) be in possession of written consent, of being and / or authorisation of each individual identifiable in content for use of the user name or image of each individual indicated in content user in order to allow the inclusion and use the same services as provided for by this agreement. and Grindr
For reasons of clarity, the user has all property rights on their content of the user.
User is aware that, using the services will be open to the contents of user Grindr from a variety of sources, and that is not responsible for accuracy, utility Grindr, security or intellectual property rights relating to these contents of the user.
User also recognised and accepted to be exposed to content user imprecise, offensive, or subject to indecent objection.
Grindr has no responsibility for the content or arising from the user.
Grindr assumes no responsibility for the content of the active monitoring activities in order to verify the presence of user content issues.
Grindr may decide, at their sole discretion, to carry out checks on the contents of the user without being held accountable for the content of the user, without having any obligation to edit or remove content improper and without any responsibility for conduct user who has sent such content.
Grindr also offers no guarantee and not exercise any control over content of user sent by other users.
Grindr does not issue any guarantee, express or implied, with regard to content of the user or the accuracy and reliability of the contents of the user.
Nevertheless Grindr, reserves the right to prevent the user content user and send amending, limiting or remove these content for any reason and at any time.
Content user belong to the user who sent them and are subject to the licence conditions with regard to the content and under Grindr of this contract.
User may decide not to share, the content of the display or duplicate user of any other party, except as permitted by this agreement.
User grants, and now represents and warrants, to have the right to grant a licence to international irrevocable, not exclusive Grindr, free and fully for reproduction, distribution, paid the public exhibition, performance, the creation of derivative works, incorporation in other works as well as for any other use of its contents user (through at levels), exclusively for unlimited sub-licences include the contents of the user services Grindr and unless otherwise specified in this agreement.
User agrees to give up and to be excluded from) (irrevocably to complaints and claims of moral rights or allocation with regard to content of user.
User grants also, in relation to a sale of Grindr or activities, Grindr Grindr right to sell or transfer the contents of the user to third parties.
See our privacy policy for further information regarding use, collection or information sharing, including the content of the user.
User provides any comment or suggestion services Grindr of (" "), the feedback Grindr user gives the licence, irrevocable and perpetual Grindr international (with the right sublicensing agreements) to use this feedback and the information in the manner it considers appropriate.
Grindr take any feedback and not supplied as non-confidential ownership of the user.
Grindr will have no obligation, under any circumstances, to offer a reward for any user feedback received.
User agrees not to send any information or idea as to Grindr confidential or property, or for which expects to be rewarded.
Third sites, products and services; links
Services Grindr may include links to other websites or services, whether through advertising is otherwise, (" websites of third parties ') only for the convenience of users.
Grindr declines not endorses none of these sites related information, or materials, products or services contained in these sites or accessible through sites related.
Grindr also provides no guarantee, express or implied, as regards information, materials, products or services that are provided or accessible through sites related.
Access and use of sites related, including information, materials, products and services available on the websites linked or accessible through sites are exclusively at their own peril.
Grindr does not control these websites third and this agreement shall not apply to companies which is not or does not control nor the Grindr actions of persons not related to by a contract for employees. Grindr
User should always check the terms of use published on the websites of third parties.
Correspondence or commercial negotiations with third parties or participation in promotion of advertisers inside or through services found are only between the user and the Grindr inserzionista.
User Grindr accepts that is not considered responsible for any loss or damage of all kinds resulting from these transactions or as a result of the presence of those advertisers services Grindr.
Parts besides may provide services or to sell products through Grindr services. Grindr
Grindr is not responsible for the examination or the assessment of such services and can not guarantee for tenders to none of these companies or the content of products and services available.
Grindr has no responsibility for the actions, the products and the contents of all these or any other third party.
User should carefully read their privacy policy and the other terms and conditions of use.
Using applications third related services (" third ") applications Grindr, user recognises and accepts that can take the contents of the user Grindr web sites or third applications through third interfaces developed and managed by those protocols on the application websites or third applications third.
Grindr is not responsible for the transmission of content user services Grindr web sites or third applications, or the use of third user content on any website or third application of third parties.
User should read the terms of service and the privacy policy of websites or third applications third.
Grindr shall not be liable and not no function, content or other material endorses this or available on websites or applications to third parties.
Grindr nor shall monitor, or websites or applications inspect endorses third.
Therefore user decides to access websites or applications to third third does at their own risk and accepts that the use of these websites or applications is " as " third without any guarantee as to web sites or applications, and that this third contract does not apply to the use of websites or third user applications.
User recognises and accepts that may include information obtained through the Grindr services concerning the contents of the user and Grindr its location account between sources of information for third parties and applications of third parties at the provision of Grindr.
Insofar as any content user contains personal data user (as defined in the privacy policy), any transfer of such personal data will be subject to the privacy policy.
Advertising Grindr and its licensees may show advertisements and other public information regarding the content of the user.
User is not entitled to any remuneration for such announcements.
The method and the magnitude of such advertising are subject to change without a specific warning or responsible for the user. without considering Grindr
Licences of the final user
Mobile device.
To use the software Grindr is to have a mobile device compatible with services Grindr.
Grindr does not guarantee that services Grindr are compatible with the mobile device of the user.
User is responsible for the payment of any telephone charges due to the use of services, including expenditure on sms, Grindr roaming, data traffic.
If the user does not have the correct information on tariffs which are being applied, can contact her mobile phone provider before using services. Grindr
Licensing.
Subject acceptance of the terms of this contract, with this ensures the user a licence to character Grindr non-exclusive, non-transferable and access which enables: (i) use a copy of the completed code of software for your account on a Grindr mobile device owned by user, or from the latter leases, for personal use, non-commercial and (ii) use services (except software Grindr Grindr) for personal use and not intended for commercial, as publicly and regularly reported by Grindr Grindr.
Restrictions.
User may not: (i) amend, services or disassembling decompilare retroingegnerizzare or any technology available in connection with Grindr services, except where such Grindr restriction is expressly prohibited by law without the possibility of waiving contractual; (ii) rent lease, taken, to sell, distribute or otherwise provide services a sub-licence in case of farm or use the services of Grindr to provide a service to Grindr time-sharing or similar to third parties; (iii) create copies of services; (iv) remove, hide Grindr, disable, somehow damage or interfere with the security features of the services, functions which prevent or limit Grindr use or copy any content accessible via services or functions requiring Grindr limits on the use of services or interacting with services; Grindr of, except to the extent that such Grindr limitation is expressly forbidden by law without the possibility of waiving contractual; or (vi) remove the copyright and other reports of ownership rights
Updates.
User Grindr acknowledges that may issue services and regularly updated versions that can automatically update the Grindr electronically version services using Grindr on their mobile device or on any other device.
User accepts that such automatic update on his mobile device is carried out and that the terms and conditions of this contract are applied to those updates.
User Grindr accepts that is not considered responsible for such updates.
Open source.
Where services using open source code or any Grindr third can be incorporated in services, this code is covered by the licence Grindr open source or third parties or, if any, applicable in authorizing the use of this code.
Nothing in this contract limits the rights of the user or gives the user rights which replace the terms and conditions of any permit the end user for this open-source software.
User Grindr may contact the e-mail address legal @ (" open source ' in entering grindr.com under e-mail) for further information.
Rights reserved.
License described above granted under this contract is not a sale of services or a copy thereof, and Grindr Grindr its partners or suppliers retain every right, third title and interest services (and its copy). any Grindr
Attempts user to transfer rights, responsibilities or obligations following except as expressly provided for in this agreement, it will not be taken into account.
Grindr reserves all rights not specifically granted by this agreement.
Trademarks, service and logo.
Names logo and the associated services are owned by Grindr Grindr.
Under no circumstances is allowed to use these marks, with the exception of cases where it has the written consent and the consent of Grindr.
All existing rights reserved.
End-users government.
Services Grindr are intended for use by individuals and not by government bodies.
If Grindr authorises the use of services Grindr on behalf of the united states government or the united states government uses the services without authorisation, use and the Grindr copy, displaying, modification, reproduction, publication, execution, distribution and dissemination of services (or part of them) from Grindr part of the us government is subject to the limitations laid down in this agreement and as provided for in articles: (a) and DFARS 227.7202-1 (a) (1995), 227.7202-3 252.227-7013 (c) (1) (ii) (october 1988), to 12.212 DFARS (a) (1995) to (iii) to halt or 52.227-19 52.227-14, where applicable.
Otherwise nothing in this agreement will give users more rights in respect of government services as provided for in this agreement than Grindr.
Export control.
Services Grindr originate in the united states and are subject to the laws and regulations of export of the united states.
Services Grindr can not be exported or user in certain countries or to ri-esportati persons or entities not authorised to receive material export from the united states.
Also services may be subject to the laws of Grindr import and export of other countries.
User agrees to comply with any american laws and foreign on the use of services Grindr.
App store.
User recognises and accepts that the availability of services depends on third parties or Grindr from whom he received services to the user, for example, Grindr android market or apple app store (all defined app store).
User recognises that this agreement is not concluded with app store but between the user and Grindr.
Each app store may have their own terms and conditions that the user must accept before downloading services from it. Grindr
User undertakes to comply with all the terms and conditions of the app store applicable and accepts that the licence to the use of services is subject to its acceptance of these Grindr terms and conditions.
Exclusions responsibility; no guarantees for the user
Regulations state, provincial and national do not allow restrictions on guarantees involved.
If these laws are in place in which the user, it is possible that some or all exclusions above exclusions responsibility or restrictions may not be applicable to the user, who may have additional rights.
Deadlines refer to special for users ' for certain exceptions to these international users.
Services GRINDR and any software service or in combination with or application available through the offices of is provided, as much as GRINDR permitted by the law, " as they are, " " how available " and " all defects and without guarantees of any kind, explicit or implicit.
GRINDR and their suppliers, subsidiaries and the licence, show all the guarantees CONCESSORI, explicit or implicit, including the implicit guarantees of title, marketing, entitlement to a particular purpose, not infringement of ownership rights.
GRINDR CONCESSORI and their suppliers and licensing do not guarantee that the functions contained in services be without interruption or errors GRINDR, defects are correct or services or the servers are available GRINDR are free from virus or other harmful components.
GRINDR CONCESSORI and their suppliers and licensing (including third parties wireless of) does not grant any insurance or guarantee GRINDR regarding the use or the results of the use of information on the position or on other services in terms of safety, fairness, GRINDR accuracy, reliability or otherwise.
User GRINDR (and not or suppliers or licences) shall bear the CONCESSORI full cost of any service or equipment necessary to access services of GRINDR.
User recognised and accepted to download or obtain otherwise material or data through the use of services GRINDR at their own discretion and risk.
MANLEVARE GRINDR and keep free.
User agrees to keep free and (and its subsidiaries manlevare Grindr, contractors, employees, officials, suppliers and the licences) by any claims, concessori causes, actions, costs, damages and any other losses, including legal responsibility, presented by third parties and arising from or relating to: (a) the use or abuse of any information on the position or other services in general, (b) any Grindr rights violations against another person or entity by the user, (c) any alleged infringement or infringement of this contract or (d) the use of services to meet another user Grindr person or to identify and participate in any event or place offline.
Grindr reserves the right, at the expense of the user, taking the exclusive and control in defence matters where the user is required to make good and agreed to cooperate with the user Grindr Grindr on these allegations.
This obligation defence and compensation extends the greatest extent permitted by the law and will survive in this contract and the use of services by the user. Grindr
Limitation of liability by user and damage GRINDR
Regulations state, provincial and national allow limitations on liability.
If these laws are in place in which the user, some or all of the following provisions may not be applicable to the user.
Refer under special for certain exceptions for these users.
User recognises and accepts that, as much as permitted by the law applicable under any circumstances, including the negligence, (which includes, for the purposes of GRINDR this section 18 subsidiaries, contractors, employees, officials or licensing or third-party providers) will be CONCESSORI held responsible damage, indirect incidental, special, reliability, punitive relating to or arising from subsequent or specimens: (a) use of services user GRINDR; (b) the dissemination, exposure or the maintenance of position information by GRINDR; (c) the use or inability to use the services of GRINDR; (d) services in general (including software GRINDR) or systems that make available GRINDR services; or (c) any other GRINDR interaction with GRINDR or by any other user of services, although GRINDR or an authorized representative GRINDR was informed about the possibility of such damage.
User accepts that the limitations of liability set out in this section will be continued whatever conclusion or expiry of this contract and, to the extent permitted by law will be applied even if a solution limited specified in this contract failed its original purpose.
User recognises and accepts that, as much as permitted by the law applicable under any circumstances, including the negligence, (which includes, for the purposes of GRINDR this section 18 subsidiaries, contractors, employees, officials or licensing or third-party providers) will be CONCESSORI held responsible damage, indirect incidental, special, reliability, punitive relating to or arising from subsequent or specimens: (a) use of services user GRINDR; (b) the dissemination, exposure or the maintenance of position information by GRINDR; (c) the use or inability to use the services of GRINDR; (d) services in general (including software GRINDR) or systems that make available GRINDR services; or (c) any other GRINDR interaction with GRINDR or by any other user of services, although GRINDR or an authorized representative GRINDR was informed about the possibility of such damage.
User accepts that the limitations of liability set out in this section will be continued whatever conclusion or expiry of this contract and, to the extent permitted by law will be applied even if a solution limited specified in this contract failed its original purpose.
GRINDR under any circumstances (or its subsidiaries, contractors, employees, officials, suppliers, the licensing or third-party providers) will be CONCESSORI required to make good the user for any damage, loss and causes fate or related to this agreement, or it related, or related to use of services (which is contractual, GRINDR where illicit (including), negligence or other guarantee) for an amount greater than the amount paid by the user to access services GRINDR over the past twelve (12) months before the date of the complaint by the user or fifty dollars, whichever is higher.
This section does not exclude the 18 responsibility GRINDR can not be excluded in accordance with the applicable law.
Recognition of the benefit of the agreement with GRINDR.
User recognises and accepts that offered services, GRINDR GRINDR established prices and concluded this agreement on the basis of exclusions security, and the limitations of liability specified above.
User recognises and accepts that the exclusions guarantee and the limitations of liability specified in this contract reflect a reasonable and fair distribution of risk between the user and GRINDR and form the basis of essential agreement between user and GRINDR.
GRINDR would not be able to provide services GRINDR user on an economic basis reasonable without such restrictions and exclusions responsibility.
Renouncing user for GRINDR.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, user free now and forever and exempting (including its managers, employees Grindr, agents, and) from, and successors who were transferees this leaves and abandonment of any dispute, complaint, litigation, application right obligation, responsibility, action and legal action, present and future, of all types and nature (including personal injury, emotional stress, identity theft, death, loss of property and damage), which is derived or results directly or indirectly by or that relate directly or indirectly to (1) any interaction with, or any act or omission by, or content of the user provided by other users, services or (2) any site Grindr third product, service and link or services including accessible via Grindr.
Settlement of disputes, arbitration agreement.
User Grindr and accept that any dispute occurred or that may arise between the parties and in any way related to the use or access to services, any validity, interpretation, breach Grindr, execution or termination of this agreement, or otherwise related to in any way (collectively, " Grindr issues relating to disputes covered by insurance ") will be resolved in accordance with the provisions laid down in this section 21.
Resolution informal.
In cases of dispute, the user and agree that before taking any initiative Grindr formal user will contact the email @ grindr.com legal Grindr, provide a short description of the dispute and written contact details (including the e-mail address associated with the account user, if the dispute relates to an account) and will wait a period of sixty (60) days, during which will seek to achieve an amicable resolution to Grindr any problem with the user.
Applicable law.
User Grindr and agree that the federal, including the federal Arbitration act, and (to the extent that is not incompatible or rendered useless by federal law) the laws of the state of california, united states of america, without regard to any conflicts in law, will govern all issues relating to disputes covered by insurance, unless explicitly foreseen in special terms.
Arbitration.
User Grindr and agree that this contract and every part are evidence of the existence of a transaction on the interstate commerce and the federal act applies to all cases Arbitration and governing the interpretation and application of the rules and procedures for arbitration.
Any matter relating to disputes covered by insurance must be resolved individually by arbitration administered by american Arbitration association (" aaa ") in accordance with the terms of commercial arbitration (including the use of proceedings offices through audio or video, where appropriate and allowed to reduce travel costs).
User Grindr and agree that the referee must not lead forms of arbitration class or participate in or influence or collective complaints of individuals or on their behalf.
User Grindr and agree that is the referee, and not any court or federal agency, international, state or local, to have the absolute authority to resolve any dispute relating to interpretation applicability, of this contract, including training enforceability or any request to make zero or all or part of this contract undoable or a complaint particular subject to arbitration.
User Grindr and agree that the assessment of the arbitration award may be submitted in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Arbitration award for user or Grindr.
User Grindr and agree that for matters in which the remedial action exceeds $ 5,000, the decision of the arbitrator will include the results and key findings on which the referee has based its ruling.
Referee decides the substance of all complaints in accordance with the applicable law, including the principles of fairness and will honour all complaints of privilege agreed granted by law.
Referee is not bound by the rules of arbitration involving different users, but it's previous bound by the rules of arbitration previous involving the same user Grindr as requested by the law applicable.
User Grindr and agree that the arbitration award shall be final and binding and that any judgment on the ruling can be provided by referee presented in any court having jurisdiction in this area.
Measure ingiuntivo and judgment finding.
Except as provided for in subparagraph section, the referee will all matters 21.6 on any claims responsibility exercised by the user, or from and would give a measure ingiuntivo Grindr or a judgment in favour of the single party verification only requires action and repair only as necessary to provide a remedial action for individual complaint made by the party.
Insofar user or requested a measure ingiuntivo public Grindr (i.e. a measure which aims and the effect ingiuntivo primary prohibit unlawful acts that might pose a threat in future public), the law and the scope of this measure must be solved in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not an arbitration after the party that has required a measure public prevailed in arbitration. ingiuntivo
The parties agree that the dispute to any granting of injunctions public must remain suspended pending the outcome of the merits of any single request for arbitration.
Exceptions to the arbitration agreement of disputes.
This arbitration agreement has only two exceptions:
First if either party considers that the other party reasonably somehow has violated or threatened to violate the intellectual property rights of the other party, the party whose rights have been violated may request a measure or any other interim measure at any ingiuntivo court of competent jurisdiction.
Secondly either party will retain the right to request a court remedy dispute children for disputes or claims within the scope of the jurisdiction of the courts.
Costs of arbitration.
User Grindr and agree that the payment of all expenditure relating to the registration to the administration and the referee will be governed by the rules the honorary aaa, unless otherwise specified in this arbitration agreement.
Changes for the future of the arbitration agreement.
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this agreement, the user and accept that if Grindr possible amendments to this contract relating to the activities of arbitration future such amendments shall not apply to complaints lodged in legal proceedings against Grindr before the effective date of the change.
However, the amendment will apply to all other disputes or claims covered by agreement in relation to arbitration which have arisen or may arise between the user and Grindr.
If the user does not accept such amendment of the terms may close his account within thirty (30) days from publication or notification and will not be bound by the terms changed.
Judicial forum for legal disputes.
Unless otherwise agreed between the user and, and except as Grindr described in section 21.6.2 (dispute) in the case in court children which the arbitration agreement above can not be applied to the user or a particular complaint or dispute, is as a result of decision user to refuse the arbitration agreement, following the decision of the arbitrator or the court order, or as a user international for which such arbitration agreement not implemented, user accepts (unless otherwise provided for by law) that complaints or disputes insurgents or that may arise between the user and should be resolved solely by a court Grindr federal or state located in the los angeles county, california.
User Grindr and accept subjecting themselves jurisdiction of courts located within the county of los angeles, california, in order to resolve such requests or disputes.
User may require the opt-out of arbitration.
New users of may choose to reject the agreement GRINDR arbitration (" ") with a sending an e-mail opt-out notification of opt-out at (" notice of opt-out ARBITRATIONOPTOUT @ Grindr.com ") or by ordinary mail: Grindr llc, po box, 69176 west hollywood, ca 90069 (usa).
Notification opt-out must be received not later than thirty (30) days from the date on which are accepted the terms of this contract for the first time.
Users GRINDR, may submit a notification of opt-out arbitration within thirty (30) days after publication of the new terms.
Opt-out procedure of arbitration.
Exclusion user to obtain must send an e-mail with name, address (including the route, the city, the state and the postal code), e-mail addresses associated with the account user to whom it applies the opt-out and a digital image of driving licences valid in the state in which it has to address: arbitrationoptout @ grindr.com.
This procedure is the only way to be able to refuse the arbitration agreement.
User rejects the arbitration agreement, all other parties of this contract and of this section including section 19 disputes (recognition of the benefit of the agreement with, and sections from 14 to Grindr 18 (14) advertising; 15) licences the end user; 16) exclusion of responsibility; no guarantees for the user; 17) and keep free and 18; Manlevare Grindr) limitation of liability by the user)) and damage Grindr will continue to be valid for the user.
Refusing this arbitration agreement has no effect on any previous agreements or on agreements that the user has or will future arbitration. with Grindr
Surrender to certain rights.
Contract accepting this user to any law (i) irrevocably surrender to a process in court (other than courts dispute above), children (ii) to act as representative, private attorney general or other role representation or the right to participate as a member of a class of actors, in any case, arbitration or other legal proceedings against and / or related third GRINDR even if the dispute is not required in this agreement, and (iii) to trial by jury.
Legislation on a complaints.
Independently of any regulations or legislation against any complaint or legal action arising or involved in using the site, services or of this contract, must be submitted within a year (1) at the time of the complaint or legal action, worth discontinuation.
Policy notification and removal.
Grindr respects the intellectual property rights and expects its users do the same.
Grindr will immediately and without notice user accounts that are considered by the ". " habitual offenders Grindr
An offender is a user who has been hardened warned by breaking the law more than of Grindr twice and / or which have been removed the content of the user services for more than two times. (Grindr
Grindr reserves the right to remove the account for more than one infringement pursuant to section 8.3).
Agent owner or if the user is copyright and believes that content hosted services his copyright user Grindr breaks may send a notification indicating in writing the following information agent appointed Grindr:
A physical or electronic signature of the person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right allegedly infringed;
Identification opera protected by copyright which are considered to have been violated or, if the single notification is more works protected by copyright departments applicable, a list of these representative Grindr works services Grindr applicable;
Identification material considered have been breached or is subject to breach and that should be removed, or for which access should be turned off, and to enable information reasonably comprehensive to locate such equipment, Grindr
Reasonably comprehensive information to contact the complainant as part Grindr address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address to which the complainant can be contacted;
A statement affirming that the complainant believes in good faith, that the use of the material as alleged breach is not authorised by the owner of copyright, its servants or by law (e.g., " i believe in good faith that the content copyrighted identified in this agreement is not authorised by the owner of copyright, its agent or by law "); and
A statement affirming that the notification information are correct and, failing which accused of perjury, that the complainant is authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right allegedly violated (e.g., " i charge of perjury, sentence that the information contained in this notification is correct, and to be the owner of copyright, or be authorised to act on behalf of the holder of copyright or copyright is that violation in that '). in
Agent Grindr of designated by the receiving notifications alleged violations of copyright can be contacted at the following address:
Grindr llc
The attention of: copyright agent
P.o. box 69176
90069 west hollywood, ca (us)
Telephone: + 1 (310) 776-6680
E-mail: help @ grindr.com
For reasons of clarity, only communications of this section should be sent to the agent designated for copyright. Grindr
User acknowledges that the non-compliance with the requirements of this section 22 may not make valid dmca.
Under section 512 (f) the us law on copyright, any person who voluntarily and provides a misrepresentation of physically materials or activities which contravene the provisions may be subject to liability for damage.
Further terms and conditions of the apple app store the following additional terms and conditions shall apply to the user when using software of apple's app store by Grindr
Insofar as the other terms and conditions of this contract are less restrictive or in conflict with the terms and conditions of this section 23 shall apply the terms and conditions more restrictive or conflict in this section 23 but only in relation to the software taken from the app store of apple: Grindr
Recognition.
User Grindr and acknowledge that this contract is concluded exclusively between the user and not with apple and Grindr, and that is the only apple, not Grindr responsible software and their contents. Grindr
Insofar as this contract provides rules of use in the software that are less restrictive rules of Grindr use laid down for the software or in conflict with the terms of Grindr service of the apple app store, such period shall be apple or more restrictive conflict.
The licence.
Licence granted the user for the software is exclusively a licence for non-transferable Grindr using the software on a product property Grindr ios user or under its supervision and in accordance with the rules of use defined in terms of service of apple's app store.
Maintenance and support.
Grindr is the only responsible for the provision of services maintenance and support in relation to the software, as specified in this agreement Grindr (if any), or as required by the applicable law.
Grindr user and recognise that apple has no obligation to provide maintenance services and support to software Grindr.
Guarantee.
Grindr lie solely for the purpose of express or implied by law, products insofar as there is no explicit surrender.
Of malfunctioning of software in contradiction with any guarantees applicable Grindr the user can tell who will ensure the repayment of apple purchase price of software, and until the measure allowed by Grindr applicable law, apple will have no obligation to guarantee on the software, and any other complaint, loss Grindr, liabilities, damage costs or expenses attributable to malfunctions in contradiction to a guarantee, will be the sole responsibility of Grindr.
Complaints on the product.
Grindr user and recognize that, and not, is responsible for apple Grindr of any claims by the user or third parties in relation to software or to the holding and / or use Grindr of software by the user, including Grindr: (i) complaints on product liability; (ii) complaints where the software Grindr does not comply with applicable laws or regulations; and (iii) claims arising under the legislation which protects the consumer or something.
This contract does not limit the responsibility of the user to further than permitted by Grindr applicable law.
Intellectual property rights.
Grindr user and acknowledge that, where demand that the use or the third possession of software the intellectual property rights of Grindr infringe these third, not apple, will be the only Grindr responsible investigation, defence, regulation and fulfilment of the complaint infringement of property.
Accordance with the law.
User claims and ensure that (i) is not in a country subject to an embargo of the us government or designated by the government of the usa as country supports terrorism '; and (ii) is not included in the lists us government party prohibited or with restrictions.
Name and address of the developer.
Information contact Grindr in case of applications for end-users, complaints about the software or complaints are available in the section below Grindr 25.7 reported.
Terms of the agreements with third parties.
User must always respect the terms of agreements with third parties where applicable when using the software Grindr.
Beneficiary third.
Grindr user and recognise and agree that apple and its subsidiaries are considered as the third-party beneficiary of this contract and that, accepting the terms and conditions of this contract, apple will have the right (as agreed) to apply this contract law against the user as third-party beneficiary thereof.
Terms state special as regards the right of withdrawal, the following provisions are added to this contract for users with subscription to payment resident in arizona, california, connecticut, illinois, iowa, minnesota, new jersey, new york, north carolina, ohio, rhode island, wisconsin or anywhere else with laws that could require the notification of withdrawal: as user purchaser can withdraw from this contract, without any penalty or obligation at any time before midnight on the third working day following the date of the original contract of this contract, excluding sundays and holidays.
For withdraw from this contract, send a notification by e-mail or mail signed and dated or send a telegram when the user as buyer declares in this way, or with words, to withdraw from similar this contract.
Notification shall be sent to:
Grindr llc
P.o. box 69176
90069 west hollywood, ca (us)
Death before the end of the period of subscription to payment, the user is entitled to reimbursement of the sum paid for subscriptions to payment attributable to period after the death of the user.
If fail to use that disability (subscription to payment and to obtain a certificate written by a doctor indicating the condition) before the end of the period of subscription to payment, the user is entitled to reimbursement of the sum paid for the subscription attributable to the period following the invalidity, sending a notification to Grindr under the same address mentioned above.
Miscellaneous provisions
Divisibility surrender, provisions contract.
User Grindr and agree that if any provision of this agreement shall be deemed illegal, invalid or for any reason not applicable, this provision will be considered by this agreement and will not affect the divisible validity and the applicability of all the other provisions.
A provision of this agreement may be refused only through a written note presented by the part entitled to receive the benefit in explicit provision.
'S failure to require a party at any time, to enforce a provision of this agreement will not affect any whatsoever of the right of that part of enforce this provision later.
Waiving rely on a breach of any provision of this agreement should not be interpreted as a renunciation of any other violations of the convention or other provisions of this contract.
Alarms.
Grindr may submit alarm user, including those relating to amendments to this contract, by e-mail or through announcements services. Grindr
User allows the use of electronic communications.
To send a note to the user must use addresses, Grindr physical and e-mail provided in the section and this notice will be effective when 25.7 receiving.
Allocations exclusively reserved for Grindr.
This agreement and any law and licence can not be transferred or guaranteed therein posted to the user.
Grindr but may at any time and for any reason transfer or assign, without limitation, this contract and obligations contained therein to third parties.
User recognises and accepts that if another company acquires, its activity or its Grindr goods, this transaction may include a sale or transfer the contents of the user, and the user accepts this transfer without further action or confirmations.
Stay provisions.
Sections sopravvivranno following any termination of this agreement or any cessation of use or termination of services subscription by the user: 1-3, Grindr 4.3, 4.4, 5-7, 9.6, 9.7, 10, 15 (excluding 15.2), 12-14 16-23 and 25.
Any beneficiary third.
Subsidiaries past, present and future (i.e. companies that control, Grindr controlled by or common control with) are the beneficiaries of all the third Grindr rights, the protection and benefits granted to Grindr under this contract, including the section 21.
Otherwise, there is no third beneficiaries of this contract.
Headers; full agreement.
References headers are present in this contract only for convenience, are not a part of this contract and must not be a limit or affect any of the available here.
" Included " means " including without limitation.
Complete this is the contract between the user and on the issue in this treaty Grindr document and can not be amended except in writing, signed by both sides.
Grindr disclosure of; user requests.
Services below are offered by llc, po box, Grindr 69176 west hollywood, ca 90069 (usa).
In cases of requests or complaints, from the above address or contact us e-mail address: help @ grindr.com.
Residents california may contact the Complaint unit in the division of consumer services assistance of california department of consumer affairs by post at 1625 north market blvd.,
95834 sacramento, ca (us), or by telephone numbers (916) or (800) 952-5210 445-1254.
Special terms for users international
The united kingdom.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users residents in the united kingdom to the extent allowed by the law applicable:
Cancellation within 14 days.
User has the right to withdraw from the services of premium within fourteen (14) days Grindr without giving any reasons.
Period cancellation shall expire after fourteen (14) days of acquisition services premium Grindr.
User received a probationary period free period will expire after fourteen (14) days from the start of the test period free of charge.
To exercise the right to withdraw from service premium during the period of Grindr fourteen (14) days, the user must inform your decision to send a cancellation Grindr clear statement by e-mail to the address help @ grindr.com.
User may use the form of withdrawal that set out in annex i (b) of the directive on consumer rights.
Grindr to promptly user is the receipt of such annulment by e-mail.
Cancellation to meet the deadline, it is sufficient that the user sends the communication concerning the right to terminate before expiry of the period of cancellation.
There is no further tax cancellation, but are not anticipated revenue except as stated in this agreement.
User receive reimbursement proportionately to the period during which the premium for the fee services will not be used premium.
User will in any case required to pay a fee for services premium over the life of services premium until the termination (excluding, to send any probationary period Grindr charge, during which there is no payment), and therefore not user for the party will reimburse Grindr attributable to services premium.
Grindr reimbursement will in a timely manner and within fourteen (14) days from the date on which the communication concerning the decision receives Grindr termination services user premium.
Grindr will reimbursement using the same method of payment used by user for the initial transaction, unless other agreements with the user.
Exceptions to liability restrictions.
None of the provisions of this agreement exclude or limit the responsibility of (or its subsidiaries, Grindr of contractors, subcontractors, directors, managers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensing) for third concessori death or personal injury resulting from negligence of fraud, or false statements or by Grindr any responsibility that can not be excluded or limited by the law applicable.
Arbitration may not be applicable to the user.
If user lies in the united kingdom and is subject to the directive on alternative dispute resolution (2013/11 / eu) and the regulation on online dispute resolution (eu) (and any implementing regulations 524/2013 in all eu member state), the arbitration agreement in section 21 shall not apply to user but will apply the provisions of section 21.8 (for any litigation) judicial forum, unless otherwise provided for by law.
Read section 21.8.
Platform dispute resolution online from the european commission is available at the link of the odr platform.
No injury to consumers ' rights.
As consumers, the user can benefit from mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which he resides.
No term and condition of this agreement, including, without limitation, section 21 may compromise the rights of the user, as consumer, avail themselves of these mandatory provisions of local law.
Territorial jurisdiction.
Law gives the user the right territorial jurisdiction to bring an action relating to this contract, before a local court, irrespective of the terms of the section 21, for whom and agree that all user Grindr disputes not subject to the terms of that section will be submitted to the courts in los angeles, california, usa.
This agreement does not restrict such rights user that apply independently of the terms present in contract.
By signing the contract, this does not agree to submit to the jurisdiction of Grindr other courts other than those listed in section 21 and reserves the right to challenge is not under the jurisdiction of any other court.
The european union.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users eu residents to the extent allowed by the law applicable:
Cancellation within 14 days.
User has the right to withdraw from the services of premium within fourteen (14) days Grindr without giving any reasons.
Period cancellation shall expire after fourteen (14) days of acquisition services premium Grindr.
User received a probationary period free period will expire after fourteen (14) days from the start of the test period free of charge.
To exercise the right to withdraw from service premium during the period of Grindr fourteen (14) days, the user must inform your decision to send a cancellation Grindr clear statement by e-mail to the address help @ grindr.com.
User may use the form of withdrawal that set out in annex i (b) of the directive on consumer rights.
Grindr to promptly user is the receipt of such annulment by e-mail.
Cancellation to meet the deadline, it is sufficient that the user sends the communication concerning the right to terminate before expiry of the period of cancellation.
There is no further tax cancellation, but are not anticipated revenue except as stated in this agreement.
User receive reimbursement proportionately to the period during which the premium for the fee services will not be used premium.
User will in any case required to pay a fee for services premium over the life of services premium until the termination (excluding, to send any probationary period Grindr charge, during which there is no payment), and therefore not user for the party will reimburse Grindr attributable to services premium.
Grindr reimbursement will in a timely manner and within fourteen (14) days from the date on which the communication concerning the decision receives Grindr termination services user premium.
Grindr will reimbursement using the same method of payment used by user for the initial transaction, unless other agreements with the user.
Exceptions to liability restrictions.
None of the provisions of this agreement exclude or limit the responsibility of (or its subsidiaries, Grindr of contractors, subcontractors, directors, managers, employees, agents, third-party providers or licensing) insofar as concessori can not be excluded or limited by the law applicable.
Arbitration may not be applicable to the user.
If user lies in the european union and is subject to the directive on alternative dispute resolution (2013/11 / eu) and the regulation on online dispute resolution (eu) (and any implementing regulations 524/2013 in all eu member state), the arbitration agreement in section 21 shall not apply to user but will apply the provisions of section 21.8 (for any litigation) judicial forum, unless otherwise provided for by law.
Read section 21.8.
Platform dispute resolution online from the european commission is available at the link of the odr platform.
No injury to consumers ' rights.
As consumers, the user can benefit from mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which he resides.
No term and condition of this agreement, including, without limitation, section 21 may compromise the rights of the user, as consumer, avail themselves of these mandatory provisions of local law.
Territorial jurisdiction.
Law gives the user the right territorial jurisdiction to bring an action relating to this contract, before a local court, irrespective of the terms of the section 21, for whom and agree that all user Grindr disputes not subject to the terms of that section will be submitted to the courts in los angeles, california, usa.
This agreement does not restrict such rights user that apply independently of the terms present in contract.
By signing the contract, this does not agree to submit to the jurisdiction of Grindr other courts other than those listed in section 21 and reserves the right to challenge is not under the jurisdiction of any other court.
Spain.
In addition to the above terms for residents of the eu, replacing the words in conflict in this agreement, the following terms shall apply users resident in spain in the limits of the law applicable:
Language.
Will the spanish version of this contract to prevail.
Changes.
Grindr inform the user changes relevant services and / or the guidelines and any changes to these terms and conditions.
Renewals.
Grindr (directly or through an app store) will communicate the user in advance the date of renewal of the subscription services and premium subscription test before carrying out the debit on credit card or debt.
Moral rights.
Rights moral relating to content user will not be sold or refused.
Portugal.
Terms beyond the above for residents eu, the following terms shall apply to users and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users resident in portugal in the limits of the law applicable:
Language.
Will the portuguese version of this contract to prevail.
Changes.
Grindr inform the user changes relevant services and / or the guidelines and any changes to these terms and conditions.
Renewals.
Grindr (directly or through an app store) will communicate the user in advance the date of renewal of the subscription services and premium subscription test before carrying out the debit on credit card or debt.
Moral rights.
Rights moral relating to content user will not be sold or refused.
Germany.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users residents in germany to the extent allowed by the law applicable:
Support the elimination of data.
User realises that through the use of services, allows the elimination of its data Grindr (e.g. messages chats) other users, not just are sent.
Liability restrictions.
The following shall apply to any conflict or incoherent speech in this way:
Ausschließlich folgt: wie wir sind wir haftbar gemäß den gesetzlichen (the haften unbeschränkt bestimmungen) für die aus der von leben, Schäden Verletzung Körper oder; (ii) eib gesundheit entstehen vorsatz; (iii) (iv); eib Fahrlässigkeit grober und dem gemäß Produkthaftungsgesetz.
Ohne dass dies das Vorstehende einschränkt haften wir für nur im holes der leichte Fahrlässigkeit Verletzung " " aus einer wesentlichen diesem vertrag. " pflicht
Wesentliche pflichten " in diesem, für die die pflichten sinne sind des vertrags sind, Erfüllung nötig day in des deren Verletzung Erreichung Vertragszwecks, auf und frage stellen würde deren Einhaltung du daher regelmäßig vertrauen darfst.
Diesen Fällen in ist die beschränkt auf und haftung; vertragstypische vorhersehbare Schäden sonstigen für keine leichte Fahrlässigkeit. Fällen besteht haftung
Soweit haftung die von nach den vorstehenden Grindr ist, gilt dies vorschriften ausgeschlossen oder beschränkt auch für die haftung von für seine, und Grindr gesetzlichen Vertreter mitarbeiter. Erfüllungsgehilfen
Diese Haftungsbegrenzungen bleibt über das ende des Vertragsverhältnisses dir und mit über die dauer der Grindr sowie Deiner services wirksam. Nutzung Grindr hinaus
Price increases.
Despite section 6, will increase prices and amend the service Grindr, to the extent permitted under german law.
No compensation.
Section 17 shall not apply to the user.
Resolution.
Grindr may close the account user only in case of breach of this contract or of the law.
Grindr emetterà repayments as required by the german legislation termination.
Grindr will reimbursement using the same method of payment used by user for the initial transaction, unless other agreements with the user.
Moral rights.
Rights moral relating to content user will not be sold or refused.
Canada.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users living in canada in the limits of the law applicable:
Settlement of disputes.
Sections 3-21.7 (arbitration) and / or renunciation of the collective action compensatory) (21.11 do not apply to user if these provisions are not applicable under the laws of his province of residence.
Section 21.8 will continue to be valid in all cases.
Rights of cancellation.
Residents provinces have the right to withdraw from service premium as required by law there.
Grindr respect those rights of cancellation.
Australia.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users living in australia in the limits of the law applicable:
Transmission of personal information abroad.
If agrees to the transfer and the processing of their data in the united states of america and in any other jurisdiction of the world, the user acknowledges that the other jurisdictions (including the united states of america) may not have the protection of privacy as established by the privacy act 1988 (Cth).
User could be without a remedy against as neither the privacy Principle Grindr or section 8.1 australian of the privacy act (law on 16c privacy) may be applied.
Retroingegnerizzazione.
Amendment disassembly, restrictions on services, decompilation or retroingegnerizzazione are liable for claims user Grindr under part iii (" acts which are not div 4a copyright infringement in computer programs ") of the copyright act 1968 (Cth).
Sumer guarantees.
Grindr responsibility for for non-compliance guarantees applicable to the consumer arising from the part of the australian consumer law (1 div 3-2 australian law consumer protection) shall be limited to:
If goods supplied to the consumer, the replacement of goods or the provision of equivalent goods (or payment of costs for the replacement or the user), or repair supply of the goods (or payment of cost to repair the user); and
If services user, in the subsequent supply of services or the payment of the cost per user for providing again services.
Argentina.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users living in argentina in the limits of the law applicable:
Cancellation within the deadline of 10 days.
The user has the right to withdraw from its services premium, within 10 days Grindr without giving any reasons.
Cancellation period will expire after 10 days of acquisition services premium Grindr.
User received proof free, the deadline for the annulment shall expire 10 days after the start of the test period free of charge.
To exercise the right to withdraw from service premium during the period of ten (Grindr 10 days, the user must inform of its decision, sending a Grindr clear statement by e-mail to the address help @ grindr.com.
Grindr to promptly user is the receipt of such annulment by e-mail.
Cancellation to meet the deadline, it is sufficient that the user sends the communication concerning the right to terminate before expiry of the period of cancellation.
There is no further tax cancellation, but are not anticipated revenue except as stated in this agreement.
User receive reimbursement proportionately to the services for the period in charge premium which services premium will not be used.
User will in any case required to pay a fee for services premium over the life of services premium until the termination (excluding, to send any probationary period Grindr charge, during which there is no payment), and therefore not user for the party will reimburse Grindr attributable to services premium.
Grindr will reimbursement in a timely manner.
Grindr will reimbursement using the same method of payment used by user for the initial transaction, unless other agreements with the user.
Policy notification and removal.
Policy notice and take given in section 22 shall not apply to users living in argentina.
User believes that the content hosted on any service of damage to the user and could be involve Grindr considered illegal, the user can clearly send the notification to Grindr, indicating the content in question and providing documentation demonstrating its identity, and a detailed explanation of the damage caused by the content.
Grindr examine the complaint and if the content is manifestly illegal (i.e. refers to child pornography, contains data which facilitate the commission of the crimes or references to race, etc.), crime or the removal of such content. Grindr will
Any content that any damage, but that can not be considered manifestly illegal could not be deleted from Grindr unless the user does not give a notification in which requires the removal of judicial content.
Notifications of any kind for these purposes should be sent to the e-mail address legal @ grindr.com.
Brazil.
The following terms shall apply to the user and replace the terms in conflict in this agreement, for users resident in brazil to the extent allowed by the law applicable:
Right of withdrawal.
User has the right to withdraw services Grindr (7) calendar days within seven without giving any reasons.
Cancellation period will expire after seven (7) calendar days from the purchase of services. Grindr
To exercise the right to cancel services Grindr during the period of cancellation of seven days, should be informed us in the e-mail address legal @ decision to cancel a clear statement of grindr.com.
Grindr to promptly user is the receipt of such annulment by e-mail.
Cancellation to meet the deadline, it is sufficient that the user sends the communication concerning the right to terminate before expiry of the period of cancellation.
Grindr will any amount paid by the user.
Grindr reimbursement will in a timely manner and within the shortest possible time immediately upon receipt of the notification of withdrawal from the user.
Grindr will reimbursement using the same method of payment used by user for the initial transaction, unless other agreements with the user.
Arbitration not applicable to the user.
Disputes arising out of this contract will be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction of user.
Notice removal of sensitive content or private.
If any unauthorised disclosure of images, video, photo or any other material user content of naked or of a sexual nature, Grindr undertakes to take all necessary measures, within the limits applicable to technical services in order to remove those contents Grindr accurately and as soon as possible, provided that the user to tell their infringement proceedings and identifying Grindr specifying the illegal content.
Also where the user is exposed to the content of other users that may be inaccurate, offensive, the user can make indecent or questionable to such content, so that it can take Grindr Grindr appropriate measures to remove them, within the limits allowed.
Law enforcement).
User Grindr agree and law enforcement for the brazilian, especially as this contract concerns the rights of privacy, the protection of personal data and the confidentiality of private communications and records.
User Grindr and agree to respect all laws brazilian applicable.
Data retention of account.
Grindr retains records under the confidentiality of applications in a controlled environment and secure for six months of subscription under law brazilian applicable.
Grindr reserves the right to make the registers applications and / or any other registers account user, including private communications in order to comply with the orders of the tribunal.
Charging.
Whenever Grindr decides to charge user part or all of the services, the user will display a message on Grindr cell, thanks to which will decide whether (i) accept the service and the corresponding expenditure, in which case it shall provide the details of the credit card; or (ii) not to accept the service and continue to use the services of Grindr free.
Limitation of liability.
Provisions relating to limitation of liability described in this agreement may as a general rule, not apply to the user, since the obligation to pay compensation is a rule of law and order in brazil.
User Grindr and are aware of the fact that the brazilian law does not provide for compensation for indirect damage, but only for the actual losses and for loss of profit directly and immediately due to injury.
Legislation on a complaints.
This contract on the prescription can not be applied to the user if brazilian law establishes a prescription for a given different or specific complaint.
In such cases, the user will be subject to a specific established under the law).
Amendments to this contract.
Grindr reserves the right to amend, at its discretion, any provisions laid down in this agreement at any time and for whatever reason, regardless of the previous approval of the user.
User will be warned of such amendments.
Validity date: 1 april 2020 or the date of acceptance of the user.
