Conditions of use
Facebook ireland limited changed its name to meta Platforms ireland limited.
We updated our conditions of use, our legislation on data and our legislation to complement the cookie from new name 4 january 2022.
Name of the company has changed, but we continue to offer the same products, including the jpa instagram goal.
Our legislation on data and the conditions of use shall remain in force.
In addition, the change of the name does not affect the use we make of the data or on their share.
Learn more on meta and on our project metaverse.
Conditions of use
Welcome to instagram.
These condition of use (or " conditions ') governing the use of instagram, except in cases of explicit indication about the application of separate conditions (other than), and provide information on service here (the " service "), instagram described below.
Creating instagram account or by using a user accepts the instagram, these conditions.
Conditions of use of destination shall not apply to this service.
Click to a summary of the contract and here for further information, which we are obliged to provide under european code of electronic communications.
For companies based in eu using shopping instagram to sell goods to consumers in the european union, there must be located more information on commercial relationship with us from consulting the notice to business that adds to our platform conditions of use.
Service instagram is one of the products provided by ireland limited. meta meta Platforms
These conditions of use are a contract between the user and half Platforms ireland limited.
Impressum
Meta Platforms ireland limited, 4 grand canal square, dublin 2, ireland
Meta Platforms ireland is a company limited registered under the laws of the republic of ireland.
Registration number: 462932
Contact e-mail:
Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz Netzdg " (")
For more information on and on how to send alerts on Netzdg content deemed under illegal, visiting our assistance centre page Netzdg for the. Netzdg
Enforcement may require information under the system for applications online through Netzdg of security forces.
Officials for the civil or administrative proceedings under the sec
5 freshfields Bruckhaus: (1) of Netzdg deringer (berlin), mbb Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater Partg potsdamer platz, berlin. 1 10785
Law on service providers in the field of copyright (" ") Urhdag
The authorised consignee under sec
20 Urhdag of for notifications in legal proceedings is: freshfields Bruckhaus deringer (düsseldorf), mbb Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater Partg Feldmühleplatz 1 40545 düsseldorf.
Information for the state authorities supervisory multimedia content
Any notifications administrative under state media treaty (german) at half ireland ltd. Medienstaatvertrag Platforms
May be sent to: facebook germany gmbh, c / o freshfields Bruckhaus deringer Rechtsanwälte mbb, 7 hohe Steuerberater Partg Bleichen. 20354 hamburg
Classification of the contents
Here we provide information on the classification of content.
Service instagram
We agree to supply the user service instagram.
Service covers all products, functions, the app, services, technologies and software instagram we provide to support the mission: to bring the user to persons and instagram elements of its interest.
Service comprises the following:
Custom provision of opportunities for the creation, connection, communication, discovery and sharing.
People are different.
We want to strengthen relations through shared experience of genuine concern for the user.
Therefore develop systems to try to understand who and what is of interest to the user and for others and use this information to help the user to create, find attend and share experience significant.
This includes highlight content, functions, which could be of interest and tenders account for user and offer ways of using it instagram according to the action taken by the individual user and all users within and outside instagram.
Promoting a positive environment, inclusive and safe.
Develop and use tools and resources to offer members of our community to help them make their positive experiences and inclusive, including cases where we could have need help.
Team systems and we also have working to combat misuse and violations of our conditions and rules and harmful conduct and misleading.
Use all the information at our disposal, including those on the user to maintain secure the platform.
Could also share information relating to misuse or harmful content with other companies or with the security forces. meta
For more information, can be consulted our legislation on data.
Development and use of technologies that help us to support consistently the growth of our community.
Organise and analyse information for the growth of our community is fundamental to our service.
A significant part of our service provides for the creation and use of cutting-edge technologies that help us to customize, protect and improve our service on a large scale for a global community.
Technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning enable us to apply complex processes in our departments.
Technologies automated also help us to ensure the functionality and integrity of our service.
Offer experience consistent and in other products without interruption on holdings of goal.
Instagram part holdings with meta technologies, systems, statistical data and information, including details of user (more details in the legislation on data, in order to provide services) better, safer and protected.
Provide also ways to companies and interact in products design systems to ensure experience meta without interruption and consistent in products on holdings of goal.
Guaranteed access to our service.
To manage our global service, we must store and transfer data in our systems across the world, even outside the country of residence of the user.
The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to provide our service.
This infrastructure can be owned or operated by meta Platforms, inc.,
Meta Platforms ireland limited or its subsidiaries.
Connection with brand, products and services of interest to the user.
Use data from instagram and from other products of companies and the partner third for destination display, tenders and other content placements we sponsored attractive for the user.
We try to make this as much as the other experiences of content relevant user instagram.
Research and innovation.
Use information available to us to develop, test and enhancing our service and to cooperate with other research in order to improve our service and contribute to the well-being of our community.
This includes the analysis of data users that facebook has and understanding of how people use our services such as carrying out surveys and tests and solving problems of new functions.
Financing of our service
Instagram rather than pay for their use, using the service governed by the present conditions user acknowledges that facebook can show whose promotion inside and placement outside products companies meta is by companies and organisations in return for payment.
Use personal data user (e.g.
About activities and interests) to show him employment more relevant.
Show facebook user placements relevant and useful without revealing her identity to advertisers.
Facebook does not sell personal data user.
Let sponsors to indicate elements such as its objectives of business and the type of public which they want their show ads.
Facebook lists the placement users who could be affected.
Facebook also provides report on the performance of their placement to advertisers to enable them to understand how users are known to interact with their contained within and outside instagram.
E.g. provide demographics and general information on interest to advertisers to enable them to better understand their audiences.
Facebook disagrees with information identifying directly user information (as the name or email address of the user that can be used to contact or identify the user) without the specific authorization by the user.
Here are available information on how work employment instagram.
Instagram user could see content published by holders of accounts which promote brandizzati goods or services on the basis of a business relationship with the trading partner mentioned in their content.
The user can find more information here.
Legislation on data
To provide our service, we must pool and use the information of the user.
Legislation data shows how harvest, and share information use in products of goal.
Document also explains how you can control their information, including settings privacy and protection of instagram.
The commitment of the user
In exchange for our commitment to provide the service, the user must take towards us commitments given below.
Instagram want: who can use our service is as open and inclusive as possible, but we want is also safe, protected and lawfully.
Therefore user is required to comply with certain restrictions to be part of the community legal instagram.
The user must be at least 13 years.
Should not weigh on user prohibitions on the receipt of any aspect of our service within the meaning of the law in force or the implementation of payments related services if the user is still on a list of subjects receiving bans.
Account user has not been disabled for violation of law or of any of our regulations.
User has not been convicted of sexual offences.
Uses instagram not permissible.
Everyone must assume its responsibilities in order to provide a safe service and open to a community extended.
User may not use the identity of other or provide incorrect information.
User is not obliged to reveal its identity, but it must provide instagram precise and up-to-date information (including information registration) which may include the provision of personal data.
User not may also recruit different from their own identity and can not create account for other people, except their explicit authorization.
User can not act illegally, misleading or fraudulent or for a purpose against the law or unauthorised.
User can not violate (or help and encourage people to do so) these conditions or our legislation, in particular the guidelines of the community, the conditions of instagram platform and regulations for developers and meta guidelines on music.
User public content must respect our rules on content brandizzati brandizzati, which requires the user to use our instrument for the content. brandizzati
More information about how to report behaviour or content is available in our centre assistance.
User can not adopt behaviour aimed at interfere with or undermine the operation that is planned for our service.
That includes the improper use of channels for alerts, dispute or, for example, submit reports or appeal appeals fraudulent or unfounded.
User can not try to create account or access or collect information in ways not authorised.
This includes the creation of account or the collection of information with automated systems without our express permission.
User may not sell, licensing or buy account or data obtained from facebook or his service.
This includes attempts to purchase, sell or transfer any aspect of account user (including its username) require, collect or use login credentials badge or other users or require or harvest names the username or password instagram or use improperly access token.
User can not publish information private or confidential another person without authorisation or carry out any action affecting the rights of third parties, including the intellectual property rights (e.g.
Violation copyright infringement of trademarks, sale of counterfeit goods and pirated).
User may use the works of another person subject to exceptions or limitations to copyright and other related rights under the applicable law.
User claims to hold or that it has obtained all the necessary rights with regard to content publishing or shares.
More information, including any content as seem to violate the intellectual property rights, is available here.
User can not amend, turn, create derivative works or date back to the source code of our products or components.
The consumer can not use a domain name or url in your username without our written consent.
Authorizations user: under the contract, the user gives us the necessary permits for the provision of the service.
We do not claim ownership of the contents of the user, but the same gives us a licence to use them.
User rights relating to its content does not undergo any change.
We do not claim ownership of content in user service or through the same and the user is free to share their content with anyone at any time.
However, the user should grant certain authorisations (known as " licence ') to enable us to provide the service.
When user shares, public or load a content is covered by intellectual property rights (e.g.
Photo or video) related to, or in connection with our service, gives us a non-exclusive licence, transferable possible in and for storage, the global sublicenza use, distribution, amending, implementation, copy, the public execution or displaying, translation and the creation of derivative works of its content (in accordance with the settings app privacy) in order to make available the service instagram.
This licence will cease to exist once the contents of the user from our systems.
User can eliminate the content individually or through the elimination of overall your account.
For more information on how we use information and on how to control or eliminate their content, can be consulted legislation data and access centre instagram assistance.
Use username, profile image and information relating to reports and actions with account, and contained sponsored advertising.
Username can be used, profile image and information relating to actions (e.g.
The likes), or reports of user (e.g.
Profiles below) under or in connection with account, advertising, and other content below or sponsored offers interacting with that are displayed on products, without any goal against him. remuneration
For example, we can show that the user has put likes a post created by a brand that pays us sponsored to show the placement instagram.
Similarly actions on other content and the other account, actions on content sponsored and followed accounts may be sponsored by people who followed displayed only have of their permits.
Abide settings user relating to advertising.
Details settings of placement is available here.
User accepts that we can download and install updates in service in its device.
Further rights that we shall reserve
If the user selects a username or similar identifier for your account, we could change it, where appropriate or necessary (e.g.
Infringements of intellectual property rights of others or use of an identity not corresponding to their).
User uses content covered by intellectual property rights we holders and made available in our services (e.g.
Projects images, video or sounds we provide and user are added to the contents created or accepted by this), we will all rights relating to such material (excluding user).
The user can use our intellectual property rights and our marks or similar parts only as expressly permitted by our guidelines on the use of the brand or after obtaining our written consent.
User must obtain our written consent or authorisation under an open source license to create derivative works, or in any other way to try decompilare our source code.
Removal content and disabling or closure of the accounts
Any content or information on user shared service may be removed if considered in breach of these conditions of use, of our legislation (including the guidelines of the community instagram) or in the cases provided for by law.
Have the power to refuse or stopping all or part of the provision of the service user (including through the interruption or disabling of access to products goal and products companies meta) immediately in order to protect our community and our services if: creation of risks or exposure legalistic to our detriment, breach of these conditions of use or of our legislation (including the guidelines of the community instagram) subsequent of intellectual property rights violation of third parties or where permitted or required by law.
Could also stop or change the service, remove or block the content or the information shared on our service in whole or in part, or interrupt, the provision of the service if we find reasonably necessary to prevent or mitigate legal consequences or administrative prejudicial towards us.
When removed content for our part, we will inform the user and the options available to it to require council another control, unless the user seriously infringes or repeated these conditions or if we do that expose or other legal responsibility to harm our community of users, damages or interfere with the integrity or the functioning of our services, systems or products, there are restrictions due to technical constraints or it is forbidden for legal reasons.
The user can consult our assistance centre if it considers the accounts have been closed for error or if you want disable or delete permanently your account.
When user requires to remove the content or your account, the process of elimination starts automatically within 30 days of demand.
Once initiated the process, the elimination of content may take up to 90 days.
During the process of elimination of content, these are no longer visible to other users, but remain subject to these conditions of use and to our legislation on data.
Once content, removal from backup systems and disaster recovery may require an additional period of 90 days.
Our right to resolution for good cause remains untouched.
Mentions specifically when some grounds breaches the obligations laid down in these conditions, laws, rights of third parties or rules on privacy, and we can not pretend that the party which holds the resolution continue contractual relationship in view of all the circumstances of each individual case and after weighing the interests of both parties until agreed resolution or the expiration of a period of notice.
A resolution for good cause is only possible within a reasonable time after the discovery of the infringement.
If the right cause is the breach of an obligation of these conditions, the resolution is permitted only after the expiry of the period of repentance unsuccessful or not granted following a warning with negative results.
However, it is necessary to grant a deadline for the repentance if the other party refuses to fulfil their obligations seriously and definitive or if special circumstances justify a immediately following the assessment of the interests of both parties.
The user can consult our assistance centre if it considers the accounts have been closed for error or if you want disable or delete permanently your account.
Content will not be deleted within 90 days after the start of the process of elimination of content and the account in the following situations:
Content user were used by other users in accordance with this licence and have not been eliminated by them (in which case, this licence will continue to apply until the elimination of content).
Eliminating contained within 90 days is not feasible due to technical limitations of our systems.
Here elimination as soon as possible the complete technical.
Where immediate deletion limited our ability to:
Investigate or investigate illegal activity or violations of our conditions and regulations (e.g.,
Identify investigate or misuse of our products or systems);
To protect the safety of our products, systems and users;
Comply with an obligation under the law, such as the preservation of proof; or
To a request from courts or administrative authorities, the police or government agencies.
In such cases, the content will be preserved for a period not exceeding what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were preserved (the exact duration according to the situation will vary).
In case of elimination or account of a user, the disabling these conditions shall cease to have contract value between the user and facebook, however this section and section below entitled " our contract and consequences of our rejection " will continue to apply even when the ad, the disabling or the account-deletion.
Our contract and consequences of our rejection
Our contract.
Using musical contained in our service shall be governed also from our guidelines on music, while the use of our bees is governed by the conditions of the platform and the regulations for developers. meta
User use of certain appointments or related services, he shall be given the opportunity to accept the additional conditions which will become part of our contract.
E.g. if the user uses functions payment will have to accept the terms of payment for the community.
If there is a conflict between these conditions, and this agreement will those conditions.
If any aspect of this contract does not apply, the remaining parts of it will remain in force.
Any change or waiver of this contract must be made in writing and signed by us.
The failure to enforce any aspect of this contract is in no way a waiver.
We reserve all rights not specifically granted to the user.
Rightholders under this contract.
This agreement does not grant rights to third parties.
User may not transfer the obligations or rights provided for in this contract without our agreement.
Our rights and obligations may be assigned to others.
For example, it could occur in case of changes in our property (by merger, acquisition or sale of goods) or by law.
Entities in charge if something happens.
Our responsibility is limited to what follows.
Under law, our responsibility is unlimited in case of injuries with negative consequences for the life, the body or health, in cases of intent, gross negligence and in accordance with the Produkthaftungsgesetz.
Without limit mentioned above, are responsible because of mild only in case of breach of an obligation " essential " within the meaning of this contract.
For obligations " means obligations essential " necessary for the execution of the contract, the infringement of which would undermine the purpose of the same and which is expected to meet.
In such cases, liability is limited to damage typical and predictable.
In other cases, there is no responsibility because small.
Management disputes.
In cases of complaints or disputes related to the use of the service from the user as consumer and user facebook agree to resolve disputes and complaints individual before a competent court of the country of residence of the main user who has jurisdiction over.
In this case, it shall apply the laws of the country concerned, regardless of the rules on conflicts of laws.
In cases of complaint or dispute arising from the use of the service in any other capacity, including, for example, access and non-exhaustive and use of service for business or commercial, user accepts the resolution before a court competent in ireland and accepts the application of the laws, regardless of the irish rules on conflicts of laws.
Materials are required.
Appreciate always feedback or other suggestions, but we can use them without any limitation or obligation towards the remuneration and we are not required to maintain the user confidentiality.
Update these conditions
We could make changes to our service and the our legislation and we could change these conditions so that reflect accurately our duty and our legislation.
Make changes not only to the provisions appropriate or incomplete and only where are reasonable in view of the user to its interests.
Unless otherwise required by law, the user changes and the choices we will notify available (e.g.
Through our service) at least 30 days prior to update these conditions and allowing consultation prior to their entry into force.
User continues to use the service, is required to comply with the conditions up to date.
Unless wishes to accept these conditions or updates of the same, the user can remove your account here.
Review: 4 january 2022
