Klarna shopping terms of service
These terms are written in italian and in english.
A discrepancy between the two versions, in english. that will
These terms and conditions are an agreement between Klarna ab (publ), including the bank its foreign operations (", " " we, " " Klarna us " or " our ") and the user (" you " and " your ") for the use of services and the functionality described in these terms, and Klarna amendments (the " services ").
Registrandoti for repair services, enters into a agreement with these terms. Klarna accepting
Recognize every time using our services, is expected to accept the current version of these terms.
Can access at any time the latest version of these terms through the jpa or on our website Klarna.
You may also download the words here.
Description of
For Klarna, shopping is not only find articles, but also enjoy a fantastic, and pay them experience shop in the super preferred an app cutting-edge shop and much more.
In short, a simple user experience both before and after having carried out a purchase.
These terms explain in detail what that means.
Please note that if you choose to pay by one of the services offered by, at the specific service could be applied Klarna additional terms.
If you decide to use financial services, these terms and the terms Klarna financial relating to service or financial services required will apply jointly between you and Klarna.
User account KLARNA
Accepting these terms and using one of our methods of payment to a dealer or downloading and checkout performing access on, which will be created a app Klarna recognize user account Klarna.
1.
Compilation automatic and preferences
In order to offer experience purchase simply and without friction, information on you and the some memorizzeremo use for compiling automatic form while you shopping.
This allows you to save time and concentrate on more important things than to complete each time the same information.
That is a little more on how it works.
Compilation automatic while you shopping with Klarna
Klarna when using for the first time, you will be asked to create a user account to make your future interaction with Klarna Klarna easier. yet
Conserveremo information into our systems so that, when you come back to us or using one of our services, you give us only a few information.
Explains all personal information that we collected in the creation of your user account in accordance with our information Klarna privacy.
Where will we be able to identify you, we could complete information about you, like some automatically name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth and details of the paper.
Compiling automatic is based on the information stored on your user account Klarna.
An example of when using the compilation is automatic when purchases directly from Klarna app.
2.
KLARNA app
Klarna app, to which you can access the mobile application or web portal, is through your online shopping, which is your assistant control center of all your purchases and all other fantastic function Klarna offered by Klarna.
Klarna app can through the pay your purchases, draw your parcels and much more.
Function passing some of these are activated the jpa, or via the web portal, by going while others can be activated to you after you've made access.
Klarna offer you the best experience and wants a chance to try shopping in a large number of shops on Klarna app.
We may not have a commercial relationship with all the stores or shown through the app. searchable Klarna
Klarna here acts as a web browser or as a search engine, web shop. simply reindirizzandoti
Functionality exactly what may differ between the various versions of the available in specific countries. Klarna app
Klarna update constantly with new and evolving function Klarna app.
Here are some functionalities which we more proud:
Function:
Display transactions and purchases with Klarna
Management payments
Simple interaction with Klarna
Examples of other features can offer based on the version of the specific country:
Shopping services as search functions, an overview of shops that we think are your interest, together with your suggestions and other offers content
Purchases using the methods of payment-even in shops which do not use Klarna still Klarna
Tracking order, delivery or package
Easy management of made and reimbursements
Overview and personal finance management
Display storage and transactions, purchases received images and other
Mark co2 emissions on your purchases
Display orders placed through shops or entity not related to Klarna
Creation and sharing of collections of goods or services to your choice
Assistant offering hints to help you insert various information (as a method of payment, details of paper, address expedition) using the compilation automatic.
Display transactions with one of our subsidiaries sofort gmbh, gmbh and Klarna inc. Billpay
Display will only take place after you enabled services of different companies.
Transaction data (e.g. name, address, bank account number / iban, bic code / sort, purpose of the payment, the date and amount, details of the order) will therefore be shared with Klarna.
As user can, at your discretion, Klarna app load, publish and share your content, such as collections, images and nickname.
Six aware that sharing content, make them publicly available, which means that some information you concern will be available to third parties and could be used and further shared by other people.
Load just, publish or sharing content you the right to use for these purposes and do not violate the law, this agreement or rights of third parties.
Accepts not load, publish or share illegal content, fraudulent, squatters, miners, that violate the rights of others, offensive or criminal (as claims against ethnic groups, child pornography or illegal violence) or; depictions transmission of content containing virus, trojan horses, spyware, adware, malware or other programmes; disseminating publicity not required (harmful spam) or any other form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, without any obligation to monitor, review, adapt or remove the contents, without warning to the user or third, to your sole discretion.
You're the only person responsible for the load, the publication and sharing of content and agrees to compensate for any damage, loss and Klarna manlevarla or cost due to loading, or the publication by content-sharing, also in relation to claims of third parties in respect of. Klarna
3.
Show purchases and transactions it
Save information on your purchases and to your transactions in Klarna app.
Under services provided under the present terms, allows you to see the information on Klarna your purchases and on your transactions in Klarna app.
If you want to know more about how this information and any other information which uses Klarna have on you, our information consult privacy.
4.
Tenders and benefits
Klarna may offer advantages as offers and discounts, special events, early access products, trade promotion offers of sellers, products and products after sample.
Tenders and the advantages that go past activities, as will depend on the number of purchases, purchases or using services Klarna amounts.
There are costs for services?
Services are free.
Please note that for specific services offered by, could be applied interest and fee Klarna.
So make sure to check the information in relation to a specific service that uses.
Better services
Work constantly to improve our services so that you can get a user experience even more fluid.
This may require changes to these terms.
In this case, you will be asked to accept the new terms before you can continue to use the services.
Personal data and privacy
Insofar determines our treatment of information, such as loading, publishing or sharing data, on you indicating in apple's app Klarna political convictions or philosophical, trade union membership and data concerning health or sex life, etc. (the so-called special categories of personal data under regulation eu (" ')) GDPR 2016/679, your express consent to release processing of such data to perform our services.
In order to offer services, we need to treat your personal data: we expect you to read our information privacy for a more detailed understanding of how we treat and protect your data.
Card payments
When performing a purchase with, you can configure and use a series of Klarna different sources of funding, including debit, credit or prepaid.
Your source of funding will be saved in your user account until the Klarna / will remove from your profile or if you will alter the user account is deleted.
By save data of your paper with this to charge Klarna authorises Klarna source of financing any subsequent use of purchases from us. when you Klarna
Charging is not carried out until we are.
If your source of funding default can not be charged on purchases, including plans for payment by instalment or subscriptions, if applicable, authorises to charge the other Klarna sources of financing, recorded on your user account Klarna.
Your obligations
You really provide correct information and use your personal identity and correct.
Any use of information that you don't belong or for other reasons, you're not authorised to use, or use of services in a manner not required, shall be considered misuse.
All data concerning misuse, suspicion, can be saved and used for risk assessments future and for the protection of the parties involved.
Klarna reserves the right to prevent further use of services.
If loads or share content on, make a right to Klarna Klarna free of charge for the use and showing the content for the provision of services.
Have the right to remove any content uploaded or user if required by law or shared if we believe that the content is offensive inappropriate, illegal that violates the rights of others, or at least questionable.
You are responsible for anything that loads or shares.
Recognize and accept that if loads, amounts or share offensive content, or which contravene or Klarna miners can reasonably assume that are violating the law, or your agreement with, we can stop or off your Klarna using the Klarna app.
Third-party services
Functions used by the user, for example the tracing of parcels, may include third-party service.
Using google maps to checkout (e.g. research in the field of your address by address) and within the jpa is subject to the current version of Klarna terms of service additional google maps / google earth and the reporting privacy google.
Also in order to prevent the misuse of via the web portal, Klarna app can use, making the user Klarna recaptcha subject to privacy and information under the service of google.
App Klarna is available through the distribution platforms of third parties (" application ") stores.
Registration may be required prior at the on app store.
Klarna has no influence on the collection, processing and use of personal data by their operators of application stores.
Duration and termination of this agreement
This agreement is concluded for a period of indefinitely.
The agreement will apply until his resolution, which may occur at any time from you or from us.
Payment pending or if you use a service provided by having a fixed duration and (Klarna which has not expired) or a service subject to a period of notice (has not expired), you will not terminate from this agreement.
Please note that, in the case of resolution, using the service, including the function provided or carried out through the app, will no longer be available. Klarna
Electronic communications
Using our services, listen and accept that bank can provide all communications Klarna ab, the information, the payment deadlines, the disclosure required by law and other information electronically to you, including through the website, the jpa or e-mail addresses Klarna you supplied to us.
Understand and confirms that, to receive and store communications, you need:
A computer or a device with mobile internet connection
An e-mail address and a number of valid cell
Update of the information contact
Klarna make sure that it's your responsibility has your current e-mail address, cell phone number, so that we can communicate with you electronically.
If you update your email address, contact the main customer service to make the change.
If electronic communication was not from you received due to an e-mail address, this communication will be that we considered obsolete as you received regularly.
Questions
In case of applications on electronic communications in general, please contact the customer service.
Sale or transfer
You can't transfer or lease any rights or obligations that have based on these terms.
Where not already permitted by the law applicable, we can transfer or lease these terms or any right or obligation under these terms at any time, provided that such transfer or assignment no your damage your rights and obligations under the present terms.
KLARNA
Klarna bank ab (publ), headquartered in stockholm, 46, 34 111 Sveavägen is the swedish entered in the commercial register swedish with registration number 556737-0431.
Its managing director is sebastian Siemiatkowski.
Klarna bank ab (publ) is authorised to provide financial services by the swedish authorities of financial supervision (Finansinspektionen).
Website Finansinspektionen can be found on the details of the registration of Klarna at the financial supervisory authority swedish and a list of countries to which took place on passport services Klarna.
Form klarna.com contact: / en / servizio-clienti.
Complaints
For complaints relating to the services of the information provided on apply Klarna https: / / www.klarna.com / en /.
Using our services, listen and accept that provides all communications relating to complaints Klarna electronically.
If you have a complaint against Klarna, you can send your complaint via the web page of customer service of using the function or chat Klarna inviandoci an e-mail.
Proceeded referee in banking (financial or banking financial italian referee "). ABF
ABF briefly, it is a system of alternative dispute resolution (adr) which is often used by customers to italy because it is usually faster and cheaper by the court.
If you're not satisfied with the decision of whether or not to stick to the ABF Klarna to you, you can still favourable decision proceeded to the court.
ABF formore information on the website you can consult the www.arbitrobancariofinanziario.it or request to branches of the bank of italy or Klarna;
Ordinary can the court as an alternative to the above, but first you will be obligated to activate a mediation procedure compulsory at:
The ombudsman financial italian banking (or " cbf ') financial conciliator banking.
For any information about professional, you can consult the website www.conciliatorebancario.it; or
One of the other mediation bodies available, specialising in banking and financial included in the register kept by the ministry of justice.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
Our contractual relationship will be governed by italian law.
Any dispute arising from or in connection with this service will be subject to the court of your home.
Last updated: 15 september 2021.
