Date of publication: 1 april 2021
Date of entry into force: 15 june 2021
Printstampa
Service contract microsoft
These conditions (" conditions ') governing the use of consumer products, of websites and services listed at the end of microsoft document here () (the " services " # serviceslist).
Providing an opportunity to endorse, use and / or ordering services, microsoft submits a tender to the user.
User accepts these conditions and an account using the services or by microsoft, use after receiving a communication on the amendment thereof.
User is required to read, print and save a copy of these conditions for reference, as this rescue operation will not be carried out by microsoft.
Where user is a micro, small or a holding a non-profit organization, you should take vision of article 15 on the waiving of rights to which would otherwise be subject under european code of electronic communications.
Right to protection of personal data user
1.
User privacy.
Microsoft protects the privacy of the user.
User should read the privacy policy of microsoft (https: / / / / fwlink? = go.microsoft.com) (the " Linkid 521839 privacy policy ") since describes the data types which collects through the user and its microsoft devices (data), the rules on treatment and the legal bases that are the basis of treatment.
In privacy policy is also described the way in which the content of the user, or use microsoft communications with other users, posts sent user microsoft through the files, services and photos, documents, audio, digital artworks, the direct streaming and videos uploaded, transmitted or shared by the user via archived, services (" user). in
Content of the user
2.
Content of the user.
Many services allow the user to store or microsoft agree with the content of the user and receive from other material.
Microsoft ownership is not asking for the content of the user.
The content of the user shall remain the property user, who is responsible.
When user to. the content of the user, with other shares is aware that these other will be able to, worldwide, use, save, record, play, transmitting, share and display such content for the purpose for which the user has made available services so free.
To make no other user should not use this option, services to share content.
User represents and warrants that, for the duration of these conditions, it will have all the rights necessary concerning the content of user loaded, or services or stored shared on through and that the collection, use and storage of the content of the user through services not any law or any third party's right will violate.
Microsoft strongly suggests the user to make backup copies of their regular content.
Microsoft can not be held responsible for the content of the user or material loaded, stored or shared by third services by microsoft.
B. insofar as necessary to provide services to the user and to third parties (including any modification of size, form or format the content of the user in order to improve storage or display), protect the consumer and services and to improve products and services, microsoft user gives a licence free for microsoft international intellectual property for the use of the content of the user, for example for the purposes of duplication, storing, transmission reformatting, distribution by means of communication and display the content of the user under services.
Published user in areas where there is publicly available online service or without restriction, the content of the user will be displayed in demonstrations or promotional material of the service.
Some services are supported by advertising.
Controls how advertising is available to page microsoft customize https: / / choice.live.com.
Microsoft does not use this user says in e-mails, chat, calls or mails nor use documents, pictures or other files personal user to create advertising directed to the user.
Criteria relating to advertising are treated in detail in the privacy policy.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Code of conduct
3.
Code of conduct.
. Not is permitted to use of content, material or actions do not comply with these conditions.
Accepting these conditions, the user has the obligation to comply with the following rules:
The. do not perform illegal actions.
Ii.
Not engaging in activities exploiting, or threaten to undermine children. safe
Iii.
Send junk nor engage in activities of phishing.
Indicates junk e-mails en bloc, post, requests for contact, sms or instant messaging communications similar electronically unwanted.
Phishing indicates sending e-mail or other similar electronic communications to induce fraudulently or illegal recipients to reveal personal data or sensitive, such as password, dates of birth, fiscal codes, numbers, credit card, passport data financial information or other sensitive data, or to obtain access to accounts or the record of documents or other sensitive data esfiltrazione, payments and / or financial advantages.
Iv.
Display publicly services for do not use or share content or any other material inappropriate, involving for example nakedness, harassment, pornography, offensive language, violence graphic or criminal activity.
V. not to engage in fraudulent activities, false or misleading, for example to extort money in disguise, impersonate another user to handle the services for increasing the number of games or manipulate the charts, assessments or comments.
There.
Not avoiding any restrictions on access intentionally or the availability of services.
Vii.
Not engaging in activities that are harmful to himself, services or for other users, such as transmission viruses, stalking, publication of terrorist activities or violent extremism on content, expressions of hatred or challenges for the violence against other users.
Viii.
Not infringe the rights of other users, for example by sharing unauthorised music or other copyrighted material, the resale or other distribution of photographs or maps bing.
Ix.
Not engaging in activities that violin the right to protection of personal data to other users.
X not help. other users to break the rules.
B. validity of contractual terms.
Microsoft reserves the right to refuse the content of the user if exceeds the limit on size file and archiving permitted under these conditions.
Also if the user bonds covered by this article violates any 3.a or otherwise substantially violates these conditions, microsoft will take against him, including actions, for example, the interruption of services or the immediate closure of accounts for just cause or the blocking of microsoft delivery of a (e.g. communication an e-mail, sharing a file or instant message sent or received through services).
Microsoft also reserves the right to remove or block the content of the user services at any time, if it considers that such content can violate the law applicable or these conditions.
During investigations relating to alleged violations of these conditions, microsoft to reserve the right to analyse the contents of the user in order to solve the problem.
But microsoft will monitor all services and will try to do so.
C. application services xbox.
User to click here (https: / / / /? = go.microsoft.com fwlink) for any information about linkid 868531 like this code of conduct applies games, applications, services and content of the online service, xbox, xbox game for windows and xbox live pass games provided by microsoft game studios.
The violation of the code of conduct following the use of services (as defined in article xbox) may result in the suspension 13.a.i of participation in or exclusion from participation in services xbox themselves, including the withdrawal of authorisations for the use of content, the decay of the xbox and loss of subscription gold account balances associated with microsoft account.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Using services and support
4.
Using services and support.
Account. microsoft.
To use many services, the user will need an account microsoft.
Account microsoft allows a user to access products, websites and services provided by microsoft and some microsoft partners.
. The creation of a account.
The user can create an account by registering online microsoft.
User agrees not to use false information, inaccurate or misleading at the time of registration to account microsoft.
In some cases it is possible that a microsoft has been transferred to the account of third parties, e.g. by user on internet service providers.
In such cases, the third can boast additional rights on account user, for example access or delete the account microsoft.
User can inspect any additional conditions provided by third, as microsoft does not hold any responsibility in relation to them.
Where user creates an account on behalf of a legal person microsoft, for example their holding or their employer, declare that i have the legal authority to constrain the legal person to these conditions.
User credentials may not transfer your account microsoft to another to another user or legal person.
To protect your account user should maintain confidential details to your account and your password.
User is responsible for all activities plays with your account microsoft.
Ii.
Use the account.
User must use your account microsoft to keep it active.
For maintaining its account services associated user microsoft and will therefore access at least once every two years, unless it is established, a longer period in the criterion related activity account microsoft at https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? fwlink = or in a bid to linkid 2086738 part to payment for services or on the basis of different regulations.
Where user does not make access during this period, the account shall be considered inactive and microsoft will be closed.
Information consequences related to an account closed are available in article microsoft 4.a.iv.2.
User to access the inbox folder of and (separately) outlook.com Onedrive at least once in a year; otherwise, microsoft will close the inbox folder of and the storage space of outlook.com Onedrive user.
User to access the services at least once every five years for xbox maintain the associated to your account microsoft. gamertag
If reasonable suspicion by microsoft that the account user risks being used by microsoft third fraudulently (e.g. as a result of a breach of the account), microsoft may suspend the until account user can not ownership. reclamarne
According to the nature of the compromise, it is possible that microsoft has a part or to disable access all of the contents of the user.
In case of problems of access to accounts, the user will visit the microsoft website at (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? = 238656). fwlink Linkid
Iii.
Children and accounts.
Creating an account using the services, the user or microsoft accepts and agrees to be bound by these conditions and declares that it has reached the age in the country where he lives or a parent or legal guardian agree to be bound by the present conditions on your behalf.
Where user does not know if you have reached the age in your country of residence or does not include this article, it must not go ahead with the creation of an account microsoft before we have requested aid from the parent or guardian.
Where user is the parent or guardian of a child, the user and the lesser agree to these conditions and agree to be bound by them.
User has the responsibility to control child during use account microsoft or of services, including purchases, both where the account of the child is already active is where it can be done at a later stage.
Iv.
Close account user.
1.
Over rights cancellation referred to in article " criteria ' following (article reimbursement), the user to cancel 9.g specific services or close your account microsoft at any time and for any reason.
Closing your account user access to microsoft at https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink 618278.
When user calls for the closure of its account, microsoft is activated the state can choose suspension for 30 or 60 days if you change your mind.
After this period of 30 or 60 days, the microsoft account will be closed.
For detailed information on the consequences of the closure of its account, the user can refer to the microsoft 4.a.iv.2 article below.
If riacceda user to your account during the period of suspension, the microsoft account will be reinstated.
2.
Microsoft user account if the user is closed (or by microsoft), as follows: firstly, will the user's right to use the account microsoft for accessing services immediately. fallen
Secondly microsoft will data or content of user account or otherwise associated with microsoft will remove the association user and its account, unless it is microsoft required by law that both are kept, returned or transferred to the user or a third party specified by the user.
May therefore user is no longer able to access services (or the content of the user in them) requiring a closed account microsoft.
User should have a backup plan magazine.
Finally user can lose access to products purchased.
B. account work or school.
The user can access to certain services using email address working or microsoft school.
Then user accepts that the holder of the domain associated with the email address to be constitutional account microsoft user and its associated subscriptions.
Also accepts that the holder domain can monitor and manage your account and access and process data user, including the content of the communications and file the user and microsoft can communicate to the holder of any violation of the domain account or data.
User also accepts that the use of services microsoft can be subject to contracts that microsoft has concluded with the user or with the organization and that these conditions can not apply.
If user now has an account microsoft and an e-mail address for a job or use school to access specific services covered by the present conditions, it is possible that he is asked to update the e-mail address associated with your account for microsoft continue to access such services.
C. additional equipment / plans data.
For use of many of the services is required, an internet connection and / or a plan data / cell.
May also be required additional equipment, such as tag, camera and microphone.
User has the responsibility to have all the connections, the equipment and / or all plans needed to use the services and to pay charges charged by suppliers of connections, equipment and plans.
Those charges shall be considered in addition to those possibly due to microsoft for services and will not be reimbursed by microsoft to the user.
User can bring to their suppliers in order to determine whether some of those charges shall apply to you.
D communications. on the service.
If is necessary to provide important information on a service used by the user, the user communications service and microsoft will send any other information required by law.
Where user tell the email address or the microsoft phone number associated with your account microsoft will send communications service on microsoft by e-mail or sms (text message).
Will to use the number to test the user's identity before proceeding with the registration and control of purchases.
Microsoft will also send the user communications on in other ways, for example through service products. internal messages
Communications received by sms charges may be applied traffic data or to messages.
Microsoft should be monitored and maintain the e-mail address specified.
Where user not consent to receive communications in electronic format, must stop using services.
. Support.
The customer care for certain services is available at https: / / support.microsoft.com.
Some services will also provide after-sales additional or under conditions separate available at https: / / www.microsoft.com / support-service-agreement, unless otherwise specified.
Assistance may not be available for versions beta or preview function or services.
Where user lies in europe, may submit it to the platform for the online dispute resolution of the european union (https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr); must use only in the form of complaint @ MSODR microsoft.com and not for other purposes.
F. termination of services users.
Where services user could be (both user that by microsoft), firstly the user's right to access and licenses to use immediately lapses software to them related is resolved.
Secondly microsoft will data or content of user associated with the service of the user or otherwise will remove the association user and its account, unless it is microsoft required by law that both are kept, returned or transferred to the user or a third party specified by the user.
May therefore user is no longer able to access services (or the content of the user they) stored.
User should have a backup plan magazine.
Finally user can lose access to products purchased.
If user has cancelled your account microsoft and has no other account able to access to services, services of user may be cancelled with immediate effect.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Using app third-party services
5.
App using third-party services.
Services can let the user access to products, services, websites, content, material, games, connections, skill, additions or applications third autonomous (bot companies or persons who are not microsoft) (" app ") and third-party services from buying them.
Different services also enable the user to find, microsoft require or interact with services and third parties or allow the user to app share their content or their data and the user understands that, through the use of services, the microsoft and services are app third at its disposal.
The app services third will enable the user to store data or the content of the user at the publisher, the provider or operator of app services to third parties.
App third the services are provided with a privacy policy specific or the user is obliged to accept the conditions before you can install or operate the jpa or service of third parties.
User can inspect article in which they set out further conditions for 13.b applications purchased through certain referred to microsoft or its subsidiaries store holds the ownership and management (including, for example, store, store on xbox and microsoft office on windows). microsoft store
User should look at the conditions and reporting privacy third before purchasing, use, app services or require third link your account microsoft to them.
Any conditions of third do not change the these conditions.
Microsoft not normally licenses user any intellectual property under the app services to third parties.
User agrees to take all the risks and responsibilities arising from their use of these app third-party services.
Also agrees that microsoft is not responsible to the user or other users of data or services provided by the app services to third parties.
Inizioinizio returned to page
The availability of services
6.
The availability of services.
Services app. to the services or material or third products offered through the services will not be available, may be offered regularly only for a limited period of time or vary depending on the country / the geographic area, the device user or other external factors, such as the internet connection or network.
Where user changes the position associated with your account, you may need to buy microsoft again products available and that it had paid in the country / in the geographical area).
B. microsoft undertakes to maintain services assets and operating; however, are not provided with a level of quality and guaranteed all online services are subject to malfunctions and occasional interruption.
Blackout or in the event of an interruption of the service, the user may not be able temporarily to recover the content of the user.
Microsoft advised the user regular backup data and content of the user services or archived in using the services of app archiviarlo third.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Updates for services or software and changes to these conditions
7.
Updates for services or software and changes to these conditions.
To microsoft will inform the user if it wishes to. changes to these conditions.
Microsoft changing these conditions where necessary (s) in accordance with applicable law, including, for example, a change in the law, (ii) following a communication and / or in an order under the applicable law, (iii) following the evolution of the services, (iv) for technical reasons, (v) for operational requirements or (vi) for improvements to the conditions for the benefit of the user.
Microsoft notify user modification before it takes effect via the user interface, an e-mail or other appropriate means.
Microsoft gives the user the opportunity to cancel services at least 30 days before the modification enters into force.
Use services after the date of entry into force of the amendment is to accept the new conditions.
If does not accept the new conditions, the user should stop using services and closing your account microsoft in accordance with article 4.a.iv.
This communicated explicitly by microsoft will change when the user will inform the to these conditions.
B. automatically the version of the software microsoft can be monitored, which is necessary to provide the services, and downloading software updates or changes to the configuration, without any cost to the user, in order to update, improve and develop further services.
It is also possible to seek the user update your software to continue to use the services.
Such updates will be subject to these conditions, unless they are accompanied by additional conditions or by any other condition, in which case will apply them.
If does not accept the additional conditions or other conditions applicable to updates, user can not use nor receive updates.
Microsoft shall not be obliged to make available any update to support or provide version of the system for which the user has bought or receives in the software, the licence, the contents or other products. app
C microsoft is constantly committed to ensuring. the improvement of services and, at any time, changing services, function access to eliminate or discontinue app third-party services, including, for example, the cases in which, under the contracts concluded by microsoft with third parties, is no longer allowed microsoft made available materials of third parties or it is more feasible for microsoft provide such materials, the technological advances or comments customers indicating the need for a change.
Microsoft inform in advance the user if an amendment services prevent access to content of the user.
For pay services they will also inform the user in advance, microsoft other changes to the services.
Except as required by the applicable law, microsoft is not required to enable a new download or replacement of the material, of digital products defined in article or applications purchased previously. 13.k
If microsoft a service to payment will cancel the user, on a proportional basis, the amount of payments made for the remaining part of the service to which the user is entitled at the time of cancellation.
D user. that can use material protected by digital rights management (drm), including music, films, books, games and other software drm can contact online rights, as well as a server automatically download and install updates drm.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Software license
8.
Licence software.
Unless it is accompanied by a licence agreement (for example, where the microsoft specific user uses an application included in microsoft windows, in which case the software is governed by the licensing conditions for the microsoft windows operating system software), any software provided by microsoft user within the service is subject to these conditions.
Applications purchased through certain, store or its affiliates microsoft holds the ownership and management (including, for example, microsoft office store, and microsoft windows store on store on), are subject to the conditions of the xbox article below. 13.b.i
Microsoft gives the user the right to. to install and operate a copy of the software to device on an international basis for use by one person at a time, under the use of services user, provided that the carrier complies with these conditions.
Regarding certain devices, that can be software for personal use and non-commercial preinstalled services.
Software or website that is part of the services may include code of third parties.
Code scripts or third, linked to, or referred to in this software or website, are licensed to user by third parties of the code, not owners by microsoft.
Any communications relating to the code of third shall be included for information purposes only.
B. software is licensed, not sold and microsoft reserves all rights to the software not specifically granted under these conditions.
This licence does not grant the user, and no right to the user can not illegally.
I. circumvent or circumvent any measure of protection in this technological services or to software or they related;
Ii.
Disassembling decompilare,,, modify or exploit any crack emulate or any other aspect of the software services included in the services or accessible via, except for these cases where such activity is expressly permitted by the law applicable in the field of copyright;
Iii.
Separate software components or services for use on different devices;
Iv.
Publish duplicate software or services, into a loan or grant them noleggiarli lease, export or sell, importing unless specifically approved by microsoft distribution;
V. transfer software, any software licenses or any right of access to services or using them;
There.
Use services in any way that would interfere with the unauthorised use ' to ' in ways not authorised that would interfere with the use of the funds by other or access to services, data, account or network;
Vii.
Allow access to the services or modify any device authorised (including microsoft, for example, xbox and microsoft surface) by applications third unauthorised.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Payment terms
9.
Payment terms.
Where user acquired a service these payment conditions apply to the acquisition and are deemed accepted by the user.
. Costs.
If part of the services is associated a cost, the user accepts payment. corrisponderne
The agreed price for services include all applicable taxes, unless otherwise specified.
User is the only responsible for the payment of such taxes and other costs.
Tax shall be calculated according to the place where there is the user at the time of registration of the account, unless otherwise specified microsoft.
After microsoft has communicated to the user had not received payment in accordance with the agreed deadlines, will suspend or cancel services if the consumer fail to honour its commitment in due time.
Where services are suspended or cancelled on grounds of non-payment, the user will no longer be able to access or use the account or the associated content.
Access the internet via a network company or other private network that the place where you will find your mascheri customers may result in the application of different from those shown for the place costs where there is actual user.
According to the place where there is the user, for certain transactions may be required in foreign currency conversion or the development in another country.
When user using a credit or debit card to pay these services, the bank could charge him for additional costs.
For further details, the user should contact the bank.
B invoicing user account..
When recording a service for payment, the user will be asked to indicate a method of payment for the service.
Except skype for all services, the user can access and change the billing information and the method of payment on the website for acct. mgmt microsoft (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink regarding the 618281) and software products and skype, visiting the account portal at http: / / skype.com / go /. myaccount
User also agree to allow microsoft to use information account updated with regard to the method of payment selected provided by the issuer or network bank payment applicable.
User agrees to timely update information relating to their accounts and other data, including the e-mail address and details of the method of payment, in such a way that microsoft can conclude transactions and contact him in case of need in relation to the transactions.
Where user should stop the use of the method of payment and does not provide any alternative method, having received a communication with appropriate advance warning, microsoft may suspend or cancel the revenue service for good cause.
Changes invoicing to account will not take effect on the costs charged on account billing user before microsoft could reasonably implementing the change request of account information billing.
C. billing.
Indicating microsoft a method of payment, user (s) claims to be entitled to use this method of payment and that all the information provided for the payment is true and accurate, (ii) authorises the cost of services or microsoft to charge the content accessible via the method of payment indicated and (iii) to debit the cost of every authorises microsoft features to payment services to which chooses to undertake the registration or who chooses to use, as long as these conditions are in place.
As specified, microsoft will issue (a) in advance invoice (b) at the time of purchase, (c) immediately after the purchase or (d) in recurrent basis for services subject to subscribe.
Microsoft may also charge the amount approved by the user and will communicate in advance to the user changes the amount to be paid for the services subject to recurrent subscriptions and, in case of change of price will offer the user the option to override the services before the change is effective.
Microsoft invoice for periods may issue simultaneously with regard to amounts that have not been invoicing previously developed.
D. recurring payments.
When buys services by a monthly, quarterly or subscription, for example, annual user accepts to authorise payments and recurrent that such payments are made through the method and under the microsoft intervals agreed until the resolution of recurrent service for its part or subscription of microsoft.
User shall cancel services in use before the next date invoicing to prevent following the payment turning into continuing.
Microsoft provides user instructions on how cancel services.
Allowing recurring payments, user authorizes a payment instrument used to store microsoft and as transfers of funds or debits electronic bodies or as payments via electronic devices by specific account user (for payments through the automated clearing house (automated clearing house) or similar) or objections account specific user (for payments with credit card or similar) (collectively, " electronic payments.
Subscription costs are generally charged before the period of subscription required.
Where payment is not made or any transaction by credit card or other method that is refused or refused, microsoft or its services providers shall reserve the right to collect any consideration applicable on insufficient funds, or refused to implement the elements returned and payment as electronic payment.
. Statement and online and errors.
For all services, with the exception of skype, microsoft user a statement will provide line via the website for acct. mgmt microsoft (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? fwlink =), from which the linkid 618284 customers may show it and stamparlo.
Regarding skype, the user can view the statement online through access to your account at www.skype.com (https: / / www.skype.com).
Is the only statement that microsoft provides.
By service and the country might be delivered an invoice with vat.
If invoice in has been made a mistake, microsoft him immediately when they'll will correct or will be reported by the user and as a result of monitoring.
Microsoft advised user inform you of the presence in invoice an error obvious within 120 days of initial appearance appears easier to solve it at the time.
User may address requests for such assistance customers as specified in article 4.e.
F. criteria reimbursement.
User will be entitled to a period of reflection period ') (" cancellation of fourteen (14) days from the date of purchase, with or without reason.
If service has been partially granted at the time of cancellation, user will reimbursement proportional.
User acknowledges that the reflection period shall expire at the end of the provision of the service, in which case the purchase will not be repaid.
Where user purchases from microsoft, the right of cancellation digital content will cease when will begin on download.
Notwithstanding by the law applicable or a particular provision of services, all purchases are final and grants.
Information and instructions on how to cancel all the services which are not skype and require a on a form, if the reimbursement user is entitled to a refund, is available on the website for acct. mgmt microsoft (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? = fwlink linkid). 618284
Regarding skype, the user should complete the form by the information provided here (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? = fwlink linkid). 618286
If considers have received by mistake by microsoft, a charge user should contact microsoft, which will immediately controls.
Recognition repayment or a claim by microsoft does not imply any obligation to recognise the same repayment or a refund similar in the future.
These criteria do not affect any reimbursement rights under the applicable law.
For more information on the terms of repayment, the user can consult the arguments of the guide (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? = fwlink linkid). 618283
G. termination of services.
User to cancel services on the management services and of subscriptions available on microsoft account (https: / / account.microsoft.com /) or assistance customers in rules set out in contacting former article 4.e.
Cancelling payment services cut debits and prevents the future service turn into continued.
User should make new reference offer on services, because (s) may not receive any refund at the time of cancellation, (ii) may be obliged to pay the cost of cancellation, (iii) could be obliged to pay all the costs charged on its billing for services account before the date of cancellation and (iv) may not be able to access your account and use having cancelled services.
Microsoft will data user mode described in previous article 4.
If user cancel services, they after the expiry of the period of validity or, where the account is turnover on a regular basis, at the end of the period in which the user has requested an annulment.
If user to engage in a procedure or by the payee's bank transfer chargeback on payment services, believes that the user has canceled the microsoft service when was executed payment original and user authorises to annul service immediately microsoft enjoyed and / or to cancel any content against this received payment.
H offers. for periods of test.
Where user are playing an offer for a trial period, it is possible that he is asked to cancel the department or departments test by the time he was informed at the time of acceptance of the offer in order to avoid that at the end of this period, the service to become continued and the related costs being charged.
. The promotional offers.
Occasionally microsoft can provide services for a trial period during which will not be charged to the user any amount.
Microsoft reserves the right to charge to the user an amount for those services (according to the normal tariff) where defaults to supply conditions.
J. changes to prices.
Where an offer services includes a fixed price, this price will remain in force for the period of validity.
To continue to use the services user will have to accept the new offer to the new price.
Where services are offered on a regular basis (e.g. monthly), without a period of time, and if it is not specific to an offer to assessment, microsoft may change the price of services where add function insofar as new or improved, the costs of the provision of the service increased accordingly or as a result of changes in market (due, for example, labour costs, currency fluctuations, amendments to regulations, inflation, rates / of charges for licences and infrastructure costs and management).
Microsoft will inform the user at least 30 days before the change in the price becomes effective.
User will have the opportunity to cancel services before the price is amended in accordance with previous article 9.h.
When microsoft will let the user the change in price, the reasons will also be passed and purpose of the increase.
Microsoft remember the user that the new price will enter into force if he does not destroy services and also how it is possible the remembers written off.
K. payments to the user.
If debt towards the user, the latter microsoft agrees to provide microsoft promptly and accurately all the information necessary for the execution of payment.
User will be responsible for any taxes and charges relating to the payment received.
Should also comply with any condition microsoft to obtain the right to receive payments.
Microsoft to cancel any payment made by mistake user or require their return.
User agrees to work with microsoft to carry out the refund.
Microsoft will also reduce unannounced, payment paid to in order to offset any previous user overpaid.
L. late payments.
Where delays in payment, the costs incurred by microsoft for the collection of overdue amounts, including lawyers ' fees and other costs or legal costs are borne by the user, as permitted by laws and regulations.
Microsoft may suspend or cancel services if the consumer does not make a full and timely payment after sending by microsoft a reminder, announced suspension and / or cancellation of services, where it is asked the user to make payments within the appropriate period.
User can avoid the suspension or the cancellation of services if making payment required within a period of time, appropriate established in reminder.
Where the amount missing is marginal, will apply a different procedure.
Missing amounts less than 2 % of the total value of the invoice will always be considered marginal.
Suspension or cancellation of services for non-payment can cause the loss of access to accounts microsoft.
M. good gift.
Redemption and the use of good gift, except for good gift skype, shall be governed by conditions for the good gift https: / / support.microsoft.com / microsoft (help). / / 10562 microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions
Gift skype information on good are available in driving page skype (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? = 615383) Linkid fwlink.
No method of payment by current account.
Microsoft account with the user might experience a current account suitable for use as a method of payment.
Suitable current accounts include accounts with financial institutions capable of receiving direct debits (e.g., a financial institution based in the united states which supports payments through the automated clearing house (ach " automated clearing house or "), a financial institution which supports the european single area payments in euro (single euro payments area or " sepa ") or " ideal " in the netherlands).
Apply conditions also accepted by the user adds to account when their current account microsoft as a method of payment (e.g. the mandate " in case of a sepa payment).
User represents and warrants to be the holder of the current account registered or being authorised to record and to use this current account as a method of payment.
Recording selecting its current account or as a method of payment, user (or who act authorises microsoft on its behalf) to perform one or more objections to the total amount of the purchase or the cost of subscription (in accordance with the conditions of service subscription) through the current account (and, if necessary, to carry out one or more credits in the current account to correct errors, making a refund or for similar purposes) and the user authorizes the financial institution at which they are deposited the current account to deduct these charges or to accept these credits.
User includes this authorisation will remain fully until binding and effective data from current account account will remove microsoft.
User should contact as soon as possible the customer care in a provided for in the article where it considers have received by mistake 4.e a charge.
Laws applicable to the country of the user may also limit the responsibility of the user in the event of fraudulent transactions, erroneous or unauthorised carried out through the user's current account.
Recording or choosing a current account as a method of payment, the user reflects, to understand and accept having read these conditions.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Legal person contracting applicable law and forum for the settlement of disputes
10.
Legal person contracting applicable law and forum for the settlement of disputes.
Where user resides in (or, in case of a company, the main place in which the company carries out its activities in both), iceland, norway, switzerland and lichtenstein in the united kingdom or in the european union and free services or payment if it uses, the legal person contractor will be limited, one place microsoft ireland operations microsoft, south county business park, dublin 18, ireland entered Leopardstown in the commercial register (registration office) with the irish companies number, vat: the 8256796 256796 u and registered address 70 sir john rogerson's quay dublin 2, ireland.
All complaints related to free services and payment will be governed by the laws irish, but won't be deprived user safeguards compulsory consumer laid down by law of the country where microsoft provides services used by the user and in which the user has his habitual residence (or, in the case of a company, for the main place in which the company carries out its activities.
Relatively jurisdiction, user and microsoft agree to choose the competent court of the country where microsoft provides services used by the user and in which the user has his habitual residence (or, in the case of a company, for the main place in which the company carries on business) for all disputes arising from these conditions or they related; alternatively, the user can choose the competent court irish.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Guarantees
11.
Guarantees.
Law recognises the user certain rights, including the consumer debt by microsoft to provide services with care and skill reasonable.
Nothing of these conditions is to restrict or exclude the responsibility for any infringements by microsoft itself than microsoft laid down therein.
Without prejudice to cases in which microsoft has cloaked in bad faith or any defects can not be used services due to possible shortcomings and without prejudice to products, microsoft provides services " payment skype as they are, " " with the possible defects. " " and " subject to their availability
Microsoft does not guarantee the accuracy nor the timeliness of services.
User out and accepts that computer systems and telecommunications are not free from errors and occurring time of inactivity.
Microsoft can not guarantee that the services will be continued, timely, safe and free from errors.
Microsoft, its subsidiaries and its retailers, distributors and suppliers do not recognise any guarantee or contractual condition.
User guarantees are granted must be provided by law; not, however, give further microsoft additional guarantees.
Microsoft prejudice guarantees, including mandatory implicit (quality not lower than the average) merchantability, adequacy for a specific purpose, expertise and not breach of rights of third parties, as much as permitted by the law applicable.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Limitation of liability
12.
Limitation of liability.
Microsoft is not responsible for the equipment to. and contents of the user or material from third parties, including links to websites or third activities provided by users.
Such material and activities are not attributable to represent the views of microsoft. microsoft or
Microsoft b. where will be responsible only have been breached bonds of the contract or otherwise if substantial required by the applicable law.
C microsoft., its delegated acting on its behalf and / or their legal representatives will not be responsible for indirect damage, including the financial loss, as the loss of profit, except in case of serious misconduct or microsoft, their delegates intent on its behalf and / or the act related legal representatives.
D. responsibility for any lack of errors microsoft pursuant law, including the responsibility by law to default of the guarantee will not be affected by the limitation of liability.
The same would apply to the responsibility of microsoft, their delegated acting on its behalf and / or their legal representatives where illegal or negligence that is causing death or damage to man.
. Microsoft and is not responsible for any errors or delays in meeting the envisaged obligations under these conditions, provided that these errors or delay is caused by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of microsoft, such as labour disputes, force majeure, wars or terrorist activities, damage, accidents or intentional conform to government bodies or applicable law.
Microsoft must work in order to reduce the effects of such events and ensure the implementation of the remaining bonds.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Specific conditions for the use of services
13.
Specific conditions for the use of services.
Conditions referred to in articles preceding or following article 13 shall apply to all services.
This article contains specific conditions for the use of services, in addition to the general conditions.
These specific conditions for the use of services in the event of discrepancies with prevalence conditions.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Xbox
Xbox..
Non-commercial use. the staff.
Service xbox, xbox games online game studios (https: / / /) (including games www.xbox.com xbox-game-studios), applications, subscriptions Mojang (e.g. pass pc, xbox game console, xbox game xbox game pass), the ultimate pass services (e.g., xbox live) and content provided by microsoft (xbox) are collectively services ' intended exclusively for personal use and not for commercial users.
Ii.
Services xbox.
When user is to receive services, information about the gameplay, xbox and use of activities and services will be monitored xbox games and shared with third games for microsoft developers and developers third games can operate and provide services xbox games.
Where user chooses to connect your account services microsoft xbox this service is not to your account microsoft or to log in to your account services xbox to access a service not (for example, a microsoft publisher and microsoft app games not reward) services accepts that: (a) microsoft can share limited information on the account (including, for example,, multiplayers scores, scores of gamertag games, historic games and) with that party not friends list based on the microsoft indicated in privacy policy microsoft and (b) where is allowed by the privacy settings, the part not can also microsoft xbox access the contents user via communications within the games, where the user has made access to its accounts with that party not microsoft.
Also where is allowed by the settings related to privacy both, communications for contacts authorised by the user, microsoft may publish the name, the image of the player, gamertag motto and user and avatar clips and play games used by the trader.
Iii.
Content of the user.
In setting up the community services, user gives microsoft xbox its affiliates and its charge and valid throughout a right sublicenziatari the world to use, modify, distribute, transmitting, share and play display the contents of the user or the name, the, the image of the player gamertag motto or user for services avatar published xbox, wholly or in part, by other means or processes in any materials or media.
Iv.
Operators games.
Some games use may managers, representatives or host.
Host managers and games are not spokesmen for microsoft and their opinions do not necessarily reflect those of microsoft.
V. children on xbox.
If user using services xbox is a child, the parent or guardian may check on various aspects of the account and receive reports on the use of services by the xbox user.
There.
Currency games or virtual goods.
Services xbox may include a virtual currency games (e.g., gold coins or points), by or on behalf of microsoft by made-to-order, where the actual monetary instruments is considered under the laws of adult user of their country of residence.
Services xbox can also include components or digital goods, which can be purchased from virtual or on behalf of microsoft using monetary instruments actual or the currency of the games.
Currency games and the virtual goods can never be redeemed in exchange for actual monetary instruments, goods or other elements of monetary value of microsoft or elsewhere.
Apart licence limited, personal, non-transferable and non-assignable in revocable for using the currency games sublicenza goods and services, the user only virtual xbox will have no legal or ownership in respect of this currency games or to such goods associated with one or more virtual or game appear or have app games in services or in relation to any xbox origin other attributes associated with the use of services or stored in the xbox. xbox services
Microsoft will change regularly its offers on the currency of game or products virtual.
Vii.
Software updates.
For any device capable of connecting services, microsoft xbox can automatically check the version of the software of xbox or software and software updates of app xbox download or changes to the configuration of xbox or of app, including those which prevent the xbox user access to services using games or xbox, xbox unauthorised use or app hardware devices unauthorised with an xbox.
Viii.
Gamertag expires.
User to access the services at least once every five years, xbox otherwise will lose access to your account and the associated gamertag can be used by other users. gamertag
Ix.
Software for fraud and cheating.
With respect to any device capable of connecting services, microsoft xbox can be monitored automatically does not contain hardware or software products not authorised to implement fraud in violation of the code of conduct or tampering or of these conditions and download updates or changes to the software configuration, including those which prevent the xbox app user access to services, or to use hardware components or xbox software products to implement fraud or unauthorised tampering.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Store
B. store. "
Store ' means a service that allows a user to browse, download, purchase, evaluate and comment on the term " application " applications (games) and other includes digital content.
These conditions governing the use of certain store referred to its subsidiaries or microsoft holds the ownership and management (including, for example, microsoft office store, and microsoft windows store on) " on xbox store
Office store ' means a store for products office and app, microsoft office sharepoint, exchange, access and 365 project (2013) or any other subsequent versions or experience with mark office store. "
Microsoft store on windows ' means a store that microsoft or its affiliates holds the ownership and management, for devices such as telephones, windows pc and tablet, or for any other experience with mark microsoft store and accessible on such devices windows. "
Microsoft store on xbox ' means a store referred to microsoft or its affiliates holds the ownership and management, available on xbox, or any other experience with mark microsoft available on xbox store.
. The licensing conditions.
Microsoft publisher identify for each application made available in the store.
Unless application is not supplied with licensing conditions specific conditions permit standards for the application, available at the end of these conditions, constitute a contract between the user and the editor of the application in which it sets out the licensing conditions which apply to the use of an application through a store that microsoft downloaded and its subsidiaries holds the ownership and management (excluding office store).
For clarity, these conditions apply to the use of services and services microsoft paid.
Article 5 of these conditions also apply to any service and purchased through a third app store.
Applications discharged through office shall be governed by licensing conditions not store standards for the application and shall have licensing conditions specific.
Ii.
Updates.
Microsoft will automatically check the availability of updates of applications used and shall be the download, even if the user has not implemented access to store appropriate.
If prefers not to receive automatic updates for applications of store, user can change the settings of the system or the store.
Some applications office hosted in whole or in part online store will be updated at any time by the developer of applications and the user's authorisation may not be necessary in order to update.
Iii.
Votes and comments.
If user sends a vote, or a for comment or another application of the store, may receive a digital product e-mail by microsoft with content from the publisher of the application or the product;
These types of messages come from microsoft; microsoft does not share e-mail addresses of the user with publishers applications or other digital products purchased through the store.
Iv.
Security alert.
In order to avoid possible damage, sick or tired eyes, the user should stop periodically using games or other applications, in particular when it has found fatigue or pain during use.
Try malaise, if the consumer should take a break.
Sick could mean feeling sick, dizziness, disorientation, chinetosi headache, fatigue, tired eyes or dry eye.
Using applications could be a source of distraction and alienation from the surrounding environment.
User attention to danger of tripping, staircases, netherlands, ceilings or value may be fragile stuff that damage.
A very small percentage of people will be subject to seizure, as a result of exposure to certain visual images, such as flashing lights or schemes, which may appear in applications.
Subjects previously have never had epilepsy there might be a condition undiagnosed which can cause such attacks.
Some of the symptoms that may be found include dizziness, view abnormal, contractions, limb, disorientation, spasms or tremor confusion, loss of consciousness or seizure.
If any of these symptoms, the user to be immediately the use of applications and seek medical attention; if the user has previously suffered from symptoms related to seizure, should seek medical attention before using applications.
Parents should monitor the use of applications by their children, in order to establish whether the emergence of such symptoms.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Function family account microsoft
C function. family account microsoft.
Parents and children can use the function of the family of accounts, including microsoft safety, to build a microsoft family relationship of trust based on shared understanding of behaviour, web sites, app, games, and physical location costs which are considered appropriate in family.
Parents can create a by going at https: / / family / family (or following the instructions account.microsoft.com on the device or on the xbox and windows) inviting children or other parents to join.
For family members are available numerous features.
User accepting of creating a family or enter it should carefully read the information provided part.
To behave in a similar way when buying digital products accessible from the family.
Creating a family or entering members, user agrees to use that family under its purpose and not so unauthorised access to information illegally another person.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Message group
D. messages group.
Microsoft allow the different services user sending messages to other users through heading or sms (" messages ") and / or allow microsoft and subsidiaries controlled by microsoft to send these messages to users, and to one or more additional users on your behalf.
When user asks microsoft and subsidiaries controlled by microsoft to send these messages user or other users, represents and warrants to microsoft user itself and each person addressed to agree upon receipt of such messages message and any other text message related type administrative from microsoft and the foreign affiliates controlled by microsoft. "
Text messages of an administrative nature " messages are of a particular service transnational periodicals, including microsoft, for example, the " messages " welcome or instructions on how to stop the receipt of messages.
User or group members who do not want more receive these messages may, at any time refuse explicitly to receive other or by foreign affiliates controlled by microsoft by microsoft, follow the instructions provided.
Where user does not wish to receive these messages more or participate in group agrees to refuse the exact instructions given by the programme explicitly or the service applicable.
Where user has reason to believe that a member of the group does not wish to receive these messages more or participate in group agrees to remove it from the group.
User declares and also ensures that, together with each person receiving messages microsoft understands that each member of the group is responsible for the costs incurred by their manager, telephone messages including the costs of international messages may be applied when the messages are transmitted by numbers based in the united states.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Skype, microsoft teams and Groupme
And skype, microsoft teams and. Groupme.
The emergency services.
Major differences between the fixed or mobile telephone service and skype, microsoft teams and Groupme.
Microsoft shall not be obliged to provide access to emergency services for skype, microsoft teams and (except for skype towards phones Groupme in a following) in accordance with established by the laws, regulations or by national legislation or local applicable.
Software skype and products are not intended to support or the implementation of emergency calls to hospitals, the police, emergency medical unit or other types of services which make a user in contact with the staff of emergency services or bodies responsible for public safety (" emergency services ").
Only skype to function to emergency services can support telephone calls in a very limited number of countries and exclusively for certain platforms and versions of the software.
Details availability and on how configuration this feature is available at the following address: https: / / / / emergency. www.skype.com go
After connect call emergency telephones, the user should indicate to skype its position in order to enable the implementation of appropriate action by the emergency services.
Microsoft it provides no guarantees about the outcome of the emergency call.
Further information on the calls to the emergency number 112, dedicated for the eu, are available at www.skype.com / / emergency. go
Ii.
Modification of the products to payment skype.
If microsoft contributions products payment disadvantageous for the user changes skype will provide it notice of at least thirty (30) days and inform him of having the right to stop using the product before they made the changes.
Changes are deemed accepted if the user do not stop using the product before they become effective.
When notice, microsoft will inform the user this condition.
Iii.
Beeswax and broadcast.
User if you wish to use with any broadcast, must follow the skype ' conditions of service broadcast " available at https: / / www.skype.com / go / legal.broadcast.
User if you wish to use an application programming interface (api) applications displayed or made available by microsoft, the user must comply with the licensing conditions applicable available at www.skype.com / / legal. go
Iv.
Conditions of use.
Criteria proper use will apply to the use of software and products from the user. skype
User can inspect the conditions laid down in order to prevent abuse and improper and situations which may limit type, duration or volume of calls or messages available for the user.
These conditions shall be incorporated in these conditions under this reference and are available for the user at http: / / www.skype.com / go / terms.fairusage.
V. maps.
Software skype and products that will enable the user function shall contain data to a service of maps or send to use this service to draw himself on a map.
Using such functionality, user accepts these conditions and conditions relating to google maps available at http: / / www.google.com / intl / en _ to / help / _ maps.html. terms
There.
Use personal / non-commercial.
Software skype and products are intended exclusively for use personnel and non-commercial.
User is not permitted to use to work for their skype commercial communications.
Vii.
Number skype / skype to go.
Where microsoft provides the user a number or to go, user skype skype agrees not to have the number or have the right to retain this number forever.
In certain countries the user may receive a number by a partner rather than microsoft itself and in this case is microsoft may have to conclude a specific contract with our partner.
More details on number are available at skype https: / / go.skype.com / home.skype-number.
Viii.
Skype manager.
' Management account manager is created and managed by skype user, acting as a single administrator of a group and not as a legal person skype manager trade.
User can connect your account microsoft to a group manager (single " account related) skype.
User administrators may appoint additional their manager, accept these conditions provided skype.
If user with numbers to an account related is skype responsible for compliance with all requirements related to residence or the position of users of your account related.
If user chooses to remove the link from an account related a group manager, any allocation skype subscriptions credit or numbers are skype skype and material or the content of the recoverable user associated to account unrelated will no longer be user-accessible.
User agrees to process personal data your account connected in conformity with all applicable laws on right to the protection of personal data.
Ix.
Tariffs and repayments skype.
Tariffs for calls to phones that are not in a subscription provide a set-up charges (debit) and a fee for each individual called per minute as stated on page www.skype.com / go / allrates.
Amounts for calls will be deducted from balance credit skype.
Microsoft will change tariffs for calls to the telephones and numbers which are not part of a tariff premium subscription.
If substantial changes and not beneficial to user (e.g. in case of increased charges), will inform the user via email microsoft or otherwise considered appropriate at least thirty (30) days before changes take effect.
Past 30 days, the new tariffs will be applied to the next called user.
Tariffs currents are available at go /. / www.skype.com allrates
User should not calls if does not accept the new tariffs.
Debits for parts of minute and fractions of a monetary unit will be rounded up to the whole unit closer.
Unless otherwise indicated, all prices for products are the tax inclusive applicable, skype payment plus vat.
Vat is calculated on the basis of billing address specified.
User expressly waives any right to vat refund by microsoft where the amount of vat, which microsoft shall correspond to the tax authorities, for whatever reason is less than the amount of vat applied to the user.
Products skype to payment are not available to customers in the following locations: mount athos, canary islands, the french overseas departments, aland islands, channel islands, heligoland, bsingen, ceuta, melilla, / buesingen livigno, campione d 'italia and italian waters of lake lugano.
If user makes use of a product for payment, the reflection period skype available will purchase can not be cancelled and cancelled or reimbursed.
Spending credit skype, the award of the skype or the use of a subscription number shall constitute " complete " provision and / or " use " of a product to payment skype.
User accepts expressly that numbers can be allocated before the end of skype reflection period and provide non-repayable after the allocation.
Outside reflection period, only the subscriptions are not used or not overdue are repayable skype under these conditions.
The reflection period and reimbursement shall not apply to products to payment (s) purchased through a skype third partner, (ii) paid in cash through payment methods of third parties (e.g., a portfolio for cash payments), (iii) not directly purchased online (e.g. by microsoft vouchers or) or (iv) prepaid cards posted to the user's account by third parties.
Despite above, the user will have right under the law applicable to a refund, at the request of any balance subscription paid in advance where steps the number to another skype provider.
X. credit skype.
Microsoft does not guarantee the user will be able to use the balance of the credit to purchase all products skype payment skype.
Where user does not use the credit for a period of 180 days, skype microsoft will make that credit inactive.
User can engage the credit skype through the appropriate link available at https: / / www.skype.com / go / store.reactivate.credit.
User can access the option when purchasing credit Autoricarica skype, by selecting the appropriate box.
Then whenever the balance of the user will fall below the skype threshold set from time to time by skype, with the same amount will be reloaded and through the same payment method chosen by the user.
Where user that activates the has purchased a subscription by a method Autoricarica payment other than credit card, or (), paypal Moneybookers on credit balance Skrill skype with the amount needed to purchase will be reloaded the next renewal.
User deactivate the may at any time by access and Autoricarica modifying settings to the account in portal skype.
Xi.
Tariffs messages.
Groupme teams use when numbers and microsoft based in the united states for each group created.
Every sms sent to or received by a number or microsoft means sms Groupme teams sent to or received international by the united states.
User should consult their operator information on tariffs international associated.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Bing and msn
F. bing and msn.
Material bing. the and msn.
Articles the text, photos, maps, videos, video readers and other material available on third and also through bot, msn, bing applications and programmes are microsoft exclusively for personal consumption and not trade.
Other uses, such as the download duplication or redistribution of such materials or the use of such materials or products to produce products for personal use, are permitted only as much as specifically authorised by microsoft or by entitled or permitted by the law applicable in the field of copyright.
Microsoft or other entitled reserves all rights to the material not specifically granted by under the microsoft licensing conditions.
Ii.
Bing maps.
User can not use the image of the united states, canada, mexico panoramic, new zealand, australia and japan to use related to public administration without the written approval separate from microsoft.
Iii.
Bing places.
When user provides it with data or the content of the user to places, gives a licence bing microsoft and intellectual property in respect of the free world to use, play, save, modify, aggregate, transmitting, or distribute promote display as part of a service and grant in these rights to third parties. sublicenza
Inizioinizio returned to page
Cortana
G Cortana..
The personal non-commercial use.
Cortana is after-sales service staff of microsoft.
Functionality, services and content provided by (collectively, " services " Cortana) are intended exclusively for use Cortana staff and non-commercial.
Ii.
Functionality and content.
Cortana offers a number of features, some of which are custom.
Services Cortana will enable the user access to services, data or function provided by other services or by app services third microsoft.
The conditions for the use of specific services contained in article 13 shall also apply to the use of services accessible through services Cortana microsoft.
Cortana make available to the user information just to help out in the planning and the user, the must decide. esaminandole
Microsoft does not guarantee the reliability, availability or timeliness of experience provided by custom Cortana.
Microsoft is not responsible for the fact that a feature or prevent the user Cortana posticipi receiving, analysing or send a communication or a notification or obtain a service.
Iii.
App services to third parties.
Providing its services will suggest the user app Cortana third-party services and help to interact with them (services or powers third).
If user so wishes, to help to achieve the required services, can exchange with app services Cortana third data, such as the zip / postal code and the questions and answers returned by app services to third parties.
Cortana may allow the user to purchases via the app services using third preferences and account settings which established directly with these app third-party services.
The user can disconnect the service and services used by app Cortana third party at any time.
Use services to connect with the app and the Cortana third-party services is governed by article 5 of these conditions.
Publishers app and third-party services can alter or discontinue the function or functions of these app services or third integration with services Cortana.
Microsoft is not responsible for software or user provided by these producers.
Iv.
Cortana devices.
Devices Cortana with products or devices are able to access services Cortana or which are compatible with a product or device services Cortana.
Devices Cortana include devices or products with third are not owned by microsoft and that microsoft does not produce or develops.
Microsoft is not responsible for such devices or products of third parties.
V. software updates.
Microsoft can automatically check the version of the software services, to provide the services necessary operation Cortana and download updates or changes to the software configuration, without any charge to the user, or require manufacturers of equipment to maintain updated software services Cortana of Cortana.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Office services
H. services of office.
Microsoft 365. the home, microsoft, online Sway, 365 personal office and any other service to subscribe for Onenote.com microsoft office or 365 mark are intended exclusively to use office staff, non-commercial by the user, unless the latter does not have rights to the commercial use under a specific contract concluded with microsoft.
Using app, such as word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, and publisher, in microsoft access Onedrive 365 family, microsoft and other services subject to 365 personal subscription of microsoft is governed by the licensing conditions 365 additional available at http: / / aka.Ms / and these conditions useterms.
Ii.
Outlook.
Outlook includes the use of bing maps.
Any content provided via maps, including the bing, may be used only within geocode product through which the content is provided.
Using bing maps is governed by the conditions for the use for the end user of bing maps and the privacy policy microsoft available, respectively, the addresses /? = 9710837 and go.microsoft.com linkid / /? Linkid = go.microsoft.com fwlink 248686.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Health services microsoft
The microsoft. health services.
The microsoft. band.
Device and application band are not medical devices and microsoft are to be used exclusively for purposes related to fitness and welfare.
Are not designed or intended to be used in the diagnosis of diseases or other health or for the care, the reduction, treatment or prevention of diseases or other health.
Microsoft is not responsible for any decision taken on the basis of the data received from microsoft band.
Ii.
Bot health.
Bots health, which may include action plans, analysis, and other functions are not reminder medical devices and are to be used exclusively for purposes related to fitness and well-being with a programme prepared by a healthcare professional.
Are not designed to be used in the diagnosis of diseases or other health or for the care, the reduction or treatment of disease or other medical condition or is intended to replace the medical advice provided by professionals.
User takes full responsibility regarding the use, for its part of bot health.
Microsoft is not responsible for any decision taken on the basis of the data received through the bot health.
User should always consult a doctor for any questions about medical conditions, diets, fitness or welfare programmes before using the bot health.
User must not ignore the advice of a physician or delay the professional use of medical care because of information consulted or services available through.
As technology, the bot health may not work as expected for many reasons, including the loss of power or connectivity.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Digital products
J. digital products.
Microsoft groove, through film and tv, microsoft's xbox and any other future service, services and related to allow the user to obtain, microsoft may, listen, display, reproduce or (as appropriate) read music, images, video, text, books, games or other material (" digital products which can be obtained from the user ") in digital format.
Digital products are exclusively for personal entertainment and not for commercial use by the user.
User agrees not to redistribute, transmitting, or publicly run or publicly display copies of digital transfer product.
Digital products will be owned by microsoft or third parties.
Wherever user includes and shall give that its rights with regard to digital products is limited by these conditions, the law on copyright and the rules on use available at http: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? Linkid = fwlink 723143.
User accepts that under no circumstances will try to change the digital products obtained through one of the services, for example with a view to mask or modify the ownership or the origin of digital products.
Microsoft or owners of digital products will remove products digital services periodically without notice.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Onedrive
Onedrive:.
. The memory allocator.
Where user has stopped in your account much smaller than that allowed under Onedrive conditions for the use of subscription service charge or at payment and does not respond to communications microsoft Onedrive urging him to fix the account by removing the content in excess or the transition to a new subscription plan with more memory within 30 days of receipt of the notification (or any longer period specified in the communication), microsoft reserves the right to close the account of the user and to eliminate or disable access to its contents to Onedrive.
Ii.
Provision of the service.
Under factors, such as the equipment, the connection to the internet and efforts to maintain the microsoft and integrity of the service performance, the user can occasionally experience delays in loading or in sync content on Onedrive.
Iii.
Communication deadline.
Microsoft user will advance at least one month before closing the account for inactivity in accordance with article Onedrive 4.a.ii.
Where user is a subscriber to, not close the account for microsoft Onedrive inactivity during periods of user have been paid using Onedrive.
Iv.
Changes serving Onedrive.
Microsoft communicate with at least 30 days in advance if any changes in the service charge or to payment should prevent the Onedrive user access to its contents to Onedrive.
V. commitments for payment.
If microsoft reduces the limits records of or cancel the service, the Onedrive user to cancel its Onedrive subscribe to payment and receive reimbursement by microsoft Onedrive proportional to service not used.
Microsoft communicate this change to the user in advance of 30 days and the user to proceed with the annulment within the period specified in the communication.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Microsoft Rewards
L microsoft. Rewards.
The microsoft. (the " programme ") Rewards allows a user to score points for research activities, such as qualifying riscattabili purchases and other offers of microsoft.
Tenders may vary depending on the market.
Research is the act of a single user who places of the text with the aim of obtaining a manually good faith, through research results according to their needs and bing does not include query from a bot, included a macro or another instrument or fraudulent whatsoever (" automated research ').
A purchase is the process of purchase of goods or download and purchase of a licence for digital content, is free of charge to microsoft (" premium "). payment
Points microsoft Rewards are not offered for any purchase made by microsoft.
Occasionally microsoft can provide additional opportunities to earn points and each tender will only be available for a given period of time.
Points earned could be redeemed in exchange for premiums listed in the dedicated place at https: / / / (" awards ') aka.Ms redeemrewards.
For more information, the user can refer to the section Rewards available to page (https: / / support.microsoft.com) (frequently asked questions ") " support.microsoft.com.
1.
Program requirements.
User shall have a valid and its devices must account microsoft meet the minimum requirements of the system (https: / / / /). account.microsoft.com rewards
The programme may join users living in markets listed in the faq.
Each user can not have more than one account of the programme, even if has and e-mail addresses households have a limit of six account.
The programme is intended for use only personnel and can not be used for commercial purposes.
2.
Points.
User can only share the points within its family microsoft (transaction subject to possible restrictions) or to donate nonprofits indicated in page ransom, can not sell them.
Points are not personal ownership of the user and the user will not receive either cash or money in return.
Points are awarded the user on a promotion.
The consumer can not buy points.
Microsoft will limit the amount of premiums per person for points or family or for a given period (for example, a day) provided it is not at the expense of user in breach of the principle of good faith.
User can not acquire more than points per calendar year in the programme. is
Points earned in the programme are not valid for other programmes offered by microsoft or third can or should be used in conjunction with them.
Points not redeemed if the user has earned or purchase expire points for 18 months.
3.
Prizes.
User can redeem the award or can donate points to a non-profit organization indicated visiting the page ransom (https: / / /) or by registering to make aka.Ms redeemrewards offers automatic nonprofits through a programme of donations.
Can premium particular is available in a limited quantity and will be given to those who will request first.
Can user are required other data, for example postal address and phone number (not a number or green), and that the voip is also asked for a code of fraud prevention or to take out additional legal documents to redeem the award in exchange for premiums.
Once ordered a premium, the user can not undo nor with the demand that it be made return it points, except in the case of defective products or, where so required by the law applicable.
Where user orders a premium exhausted or unavailable for other reasons, microsoft will replace it with a premium which is comparable or redeem points.
Microsoft premiums offered on the page can be updated by surrender or to give specific offer prizes.
For awards may be planned age limits.
These requirements will be included in the tender specification.
User is responsible for all federal, state and local taxes and any other cost for the acceptance and the use of the prize.
Premiums will be sent to the e-mail address associated with microsoft user, so the user account will have to take his address updated.
Premiums are to send will not be issued again and consequently will be lost.
Premiums may not be sold.
Points offer additional information about how to automatically nonprofits are available to the page frequently asked questions relating to dona with bing https: / / www.microsoft.com / rewards). / give-mode-overview
4.
User annulment of participation in the programme.
Where user does not wish more participation in the programme must explicitly expressed their Rewards microsoft refused to follow the instructions available in the appropriate page (https: / / / / optout? confirm rewards account.microsoft.com = false).
Following the rejection, user immediately all points available to lose.
Account programme user can be removed if the user does not make at least access within 18 months.
Also microsoft reserves the right to cancel the account programme a user specific if it considers that the user is altering, using improperly or depriving the programme or defaults to these conditions.
In case of cancellation of the programme (from the user or microsoft) or if the plan is suspended, the user will have 90 days to redeem the award; otherwise, those points will be lost.
When cancellation expires on user's right to use the programme and to others.
5.
Other conditions.
Microsoft reserves the right to set the user as unskilled, disable access to the programme or its user account for premiums and / or retain points, premiums and donations for charities, if it considers that the user is manomettendo improperly aspects of using or programme, is not likely to receive a prize for legal reasons (e.g., the laws on export control) or will be engaged in activities that do not comply with these conditions.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Azure
M. sql server.
Azure using the service shall be governed by specific conditions of the contract under which the user has obtained the services as set out in detail in the page legal information microsoft sql server at http: / / aka.Ms / Aa7z67v.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Various
14.
Various.
This article and articles 1, 9 (for amounts incurred before the date of these conditions), 10, 11, 12, 16 and those who for their conditions apply after its expiry will extend their validity after the termination or cancellation of these conditions.
Microsoft will yield, or otherwise dispose of transfer their rights and obligations under these conditions, in whole or in part, at any time without notice, provided that such supply, transfer or availability user does not undermine.
User can not yield, transfer or any other way have of these conditions or any rights of use of services.
These conditions constitute the entire agreement between user and microsoft in relation to the use of services and shall prevail over any previous contract between the user and microsoft on the use of services.
All parts of these conditions apply as much as permitted by the law specifies.
Where a court or an arbitrator may be considered part of these conditions not feasible as it is written, these conditions will be regarded as replaced with similar conditions and feasible to the extent permitted under the law applicable, but the remainder of the conditions will not change.
These conditions are solely for the benefit of the user and microsoft.
Means excluded other parties except the successors in title and reinsurers to microsoft.
The headers are purely indicative.
15.
Forgoes provisions on protection of the end user.
Where user is a micro, small or a holding a non-profit organization, he renounce all rights that otherwise would under european code for electronic communications (directive) article 102 (1), 2018/1972, 3 and 5, article 105 (1) and article 107 (1) and 3.
16.
Provisions for export.
User will have to fulfil all laws and all the national regulations and relevant international export control applicable to software and / or services, including restrictions regarding the destination end-users and uses.
Further information on the geographical constraints and their export are available on page https: / / www.microsoft.com / exporting.
17.
Reservation of rights and comments.
Except as expressly laid down in the present conditions, microsoft grants the user or any other rights of any licence under patents, know-how, copyright, trade secrets, marks or other intellectual property belonging to microsoft or related to legal persons or controlled by microsoft or by legal persons related, including, for example, social reasons, distinguishing marks, logo or symbols equivalent.
If user provides microsoft proposals and ideas, suggestions or comments, including, for example, ideas of new products, technologies, promotion, names product comments on products and improvements products, " comments '), provides for microsoft, free of charge, without royalties or other bonds in its own eyes, the right to realise, producing, create work, use, share and derivatives market their comments in any way and for any purpose.
User will not provide any comments that is subject to a licence which requires microsoft to license to third parties its, his or her software technologies have included the documentation for user comments.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Communications
Communications procedure for complaints and to propose violation of intellectual property.
Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties.
Any complaint concerning the violation of intellectual property, including claims for copyright infringement, to be submitted by the user in entity designated by microsoft.
For details and information contact, the user can visit the page with information relating to communications and procedures to propose rights complaints regarding violation copyright (https: / / www.microsoft.com / info / cpyrtinfrg.html).
Microsoft uses the procedures established under title 17 united states code to respond to communications relating to article 512 copyright infringement.
Microsoft may also in some circumstances or solve the user accounts of deactivate services which could be transgressors. microsoft recurrent
Communications and procedures for doubts on intellectual property in advertisements.
User can look at the rules on intellectual property (https: / / / /? = go.microsoft.com fwlink) concerning the microsoft Linkid 243207 doubts about intellectual property in the network of advertising.
Copyright information and marks.
Services are protected by copyright  microsoft corporation and / or of its suppliers, one microsoft way, redmond, wa, usa. 98052
All existing rights reserved.
Conditions incorporate the guidelines relating to trade marks (microsoft https: / / www.microsoft.com / en-us / legal / / / /) usage intellectualproperty trademarks (changes general.aspx periodic).
Microsoft names, and the logo and icons for all products, the software programs and services may be microsoft registered trade marks or unregistered group of companies in the united states and / or microsoft in other countries.
List trademarks microsoft available to page https: / / www.microsoft.com / en-us / legal / / / En-us.aspx is not complete intellectualproperty trademarks.
The names of products and real companies may be their owners marks.
Any rights not specifically granted under these conditions shall be confidential.
Some software products used on certain websites microsoft servers are based in part on the work of the independent jpeg group.
 1991-1996 thomas g. lane.
All existing rights reserved.
Software gnuplot " " used in some servers websites for microsoft has  1986 1993 williams, colin thomas  kelley.
All existing rights reserved.
Communications medical.
Microsoft advises medical or health or not diagnosis or treatment.
User is required to consult their doctor or other qualified health care practitioner for any questions about medical conditions, diets, programmes or welfare. fitness
User must not ignore the advice of a physician or delay the professional use of medical care because of information consulted or services available through.
Shares stock price indices (including the standard and indices).
Financial information provided through the services are intended exclusively for personal use and not trade.
User can not use data or marks financial in relation to the issue, the third licenzianti creation, sponsorship, for trading, marketing, or for promotion of financial instruments or investment products, including, for example, derivatives and structured products, investment funds, eft or, where the price investment portfolios, income and / or the instrument's performance or the product of investment are based on, are related to, or are meant to keep track of financial data) without having concluded a specific written contract with the licensor third.
Communication financial.
Microsoft is not a broker / operator in exchange or a financial advisor recorded under the federal law on securities in the united states or laws on securities other courts and not advised to individual users purchase, sell or invest in securities or other financial products or services.
No information contained in services is an offer or an invitation to purchase or sell whatever.
Microsoft licenzianti and its prices or data indices they support neither advise particular products or financial services.
Contained no information services shall be construed as professional advice, including, for example, tax or relating to investment advice.
Communication standards h.264 / avc and mpeg-4 video, visual Vc-1.
Software may include technology decoding video h.264 / avc, mpeg-4 and / or visual, which may be licensed Vc-1 for, and which consists of the mpeg L.l.c a format for the data compression of information video.
Mpeg l.l.c., the requires the following announcement:
This product is licensed under the licences for the portfolio of patents h.264 / avc and mpeg-4, for using staff and visual Vc-1 non-commercial by a consumer in order to (a) in accordance with the standard (" video encode video standard ") or (b) decoding video h.264 / avc and mpeg-4, visual encoded by a consumer in a busy Vc-1 staff and non-commercial activities and / or received by a supplier of video authorised to distribute this video.
Licences shall not extend to any other product, even where that product is included in this software in a single article.
No licence shall be granted or is implied any other use.
For more information, user should contact the, l.l.c., visiting the mpeg website the mpeg (https: / / www.mpegla.com).
For reasons of clarity, this communication does not limit or prohibits the use of software provided under these conditions for the normal use trade are's own commercial activity carried out and do not include (s) the redistribution of software to third parties or (ii) the creation of material with technologies to meet the standards for the video distribution to third parties.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Licensing conditions standards for the application
Licensing conditions standards for the application
For applications offered in the european economic
Microsoft store, microsoft windows and xbox on store on microsoft store
These licensing conditions are a contract between the user and the publisher of the application.
User should read them carefully.
These conditions are valid for software applications that the user download from microsoft store, microsoft windows or store in microsoft xbox (each of which is to store indicated in these licensing conditions with the " store "), including any updates or supplements relating to the application, unless the application is not supplied with specific conditions, in which case will apply them.
Where user will not accept these conditions, will not have any rights and will use the download or application.
Publisher applying indicates the legal person granting the licence application user, as specified in the store.
Where user is complying with the present licence conditions, the rights will be granted following.
1.
Rights installation and use.
User may install and operate the application on devices or the windows as described in the xbox rules of use (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? Linkid = fwlink) microsoft. 723143
Microsoft reserves the right to modify at any time its own rules of use (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? = fwlink Linkid). 723143
2.
Internet based services.
. Consent to the use of the internet based services or wireless.
Where application is connect computers on the internet, including by a wireless network, to use the acts as a consent to the transmission of information standard on the device (including, for example, technical information about the application software, system and device and the peripheral) for services based on the internet and wireless.
If as regards the use of services accessed during the use of the application are provided other conditions also apply these conditions.
B. misuse of internet based services.
User can not use the internet based services in any way that could affect the use of themselves harm or intentionally or by other wireless network.
User can not use the service to try to access so unauthorised and by any means to services, data, account or networks.
3.
The licence.
The application is not sold, but it is licensed.
This agreement gives the user only certain rights to use the.
If under contract between microsoft and the user, the use of applications devices is no longer any user enabled licence fees associated will.
Publisher applying reserves all other rights.
In maximum permitted by the law applicable, the user can be used only as expressly permitted the application in this agreement.
In doing so, the user must comply with any limitation technique of application that allows them to use it only in certain ways.
User can not:
A. around technical limitations present in application;
B. decompilare or the application, except and only disassembling for cases where such activity is expressly authorized by the provisions of the law applicable in respect of copyright for the computer programs;
C. perform multiple copies of the application than specified in this contract or permitted by the law applicable, despite this limitation;
D. publish or otherwise make the application available to allow the duplication by others;
E. rent, rent or borrowed the application;
F. transfer application or this contract to third parties.
4.
Documentation.
If documentation is provided together with the application, the user will use it for the purpose of personal reference and duplicarla.
5.
Restrictions relating to technology and export.
Application may be subject to the laws and regulations of the united states or on the control of the applicable international technology or export.
User will have to fulfil all laws and all the national regulations and relevant international export control applicable to the technology used or supported by the application.
These laws include restrictions on destinations, end-users and the end-use.
For more information on products with mark, the user can visit the microsoft website for the export of microsoft's products (https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? =). fwlink linkid 868967
6.
Technical support services.
User shall contact the publisher to determine whether the application is available technical support services.
Microsoft producer hardware and the operator are not responsible for the provision of wireless telephone technical support services for the application, unless one of them is the editor of the application.
7.
Full agreement.
This agreement, any privacy policy applicable, any additional conditions relating to the application and conditions for the supplements and updates constitute the entire license agreement for the application concluded between the user and the editor of the application.
8.
Applicable law.
. United states and canada.
Where user has acquired the application in the united states or canada, these conditions will be covered under the laws and interpreted state or province where is resident (or, in the case of a company, for the main place in which the company carries on business), and this law will apply to complaints which defaults and to all other contractual, including those complaints which defaults legislation consumer protection, breaches of rules on unfair competition and the illegal civil independently of the principles governing the conflict of laws.
B. outside the united states and canada.
If user has acquired the application in any other country, these conditions will be governed by the laws of that country.
9.
Legal effects with this contract is granted certain rights.
The licensee may be given other rights under the law of the country of residence.
This agreement does not affect the rights of the licensee that the law of his country of residence does not change.
10.
Exclusion of guarantees.
Application is licensed as ", " " with all the defects " and ". " subject to their availability
Publisher application, on behalf of himself, microsoft (if is not the publisher of the application) microsoft, the mobile telephone operators on the network is distributed application, each of their subsidiaries and the respective suppliers or those acting on behalf of microsoft (" interested parties ') do not give any guarantee contract related to the application or condition additional.
User guarantees are granted must be provided by law; not, however, give further microsoft additional guarantees.
Insofar maximum permitted by local laws, the parties concerned, including the implicit exclude any compulsory guarantee guarantees (quality not lower than the average) merchantability, adequacy for a specific purpose, safety, comfort and not breach of rights of third parties.
11.
Limitation on remedies and against.
. The editor of the application will not be responsible for the user or other material contained third, including links to websites third and activities provided by users.
Such content and activities are not attributable to the application or represent the views of the publisher of application. editor
B. publisher of application will be responsible in the event that only have been breached substantial licensing conditions. of these bonds
C. the editor of the application, its delegated acting on its behalf and / or their legal representatives will not be responsible for damage unforeseen and / or financial losses in connection with any damage, including loss of profit, indirect, except in cases of serious misconduct or the publisher of their application, dolo acting on behalf of delegates and / or their legal representatives.
D liability. any pursuant to law the publisher of implementation, including, for example, the responsibility under the law on product responsibility and legal responsibility for failure of the guarantee will not be affected by the limitation of liability.
The same would apply the responsibility of the publisher of their application, acting on behalf of delegates and / or its legal representative if illegal action or negligence that is causing death or damage to man.
And complaint. no other contractual and outside what is proposed in legal subparagraphs (a) to (e) of this article 11 may be proposed under these conditions for the licence application and / or derived from the use of the application or services made available through the application.
Inizioinizio returned to page
Services including
Products, app services below are covered by contract of service, but may not be available in microsoft's market user.
Microsoft account
Account.microsoft.com
App device health
App research bing
App maps
Assistant support and restoration of microsoft office 365
Bing app
Bing dictionary
Bing image and news (ios)
Bing maps
Bing search apis / Sdks
Bing translator
Bing webmaster
Bing.com
Bingplaces.com
Ask Cortana
Cortana skills by microsoft
Cortana
Default homepage and new tab page on microsoft edge
Should center app
Dictate
Education.minecraft.net
Face swap
Family account microsoft
Feedback Intake tool for maps (aka " Azure Azure ") maps feedback
Film and tv, microsoft
Forms.microsoft.com
Forzamotorsport.net
Games Minecraft
App websites games, and published by microsoft windows
App games, and websites xbox game studios
Groove music pass
Groove
Groupme
Lineback
Microsoft 365 business standards and microsoft 365 apps *
* Until will set a domain for the use of these commercial services.
Once it is established, will trading conditions microsoft separated.
Microsoft 365 consumer
Microsoft 365 family
Microsoft 365 personal
Microsoft academic
Microsoft Add-ins for skype
Microsoft Bots
Microsoft Educator community
Microsoft health
Microsoft launcher
Microsoft math Solver
Microsoft pay
Microsoft pix
Microsoft research interactive science
Microsoft research open data
Microsoft search in bing
Microsoft Soundscape
Microsoft start
Microsoft teams
Microsoft translator
Microsoft Xiaoice
Minecraft realms plus and Minecraft realms
Mixer
Msn dial up
Msn explorer
Msn food and drink
Msn money
Msn news
Msn premium
Msn health and welfare
Msn sport
Msn time
Msn travel
Msn.com
Next lock screen
Office 365 pro plus optional connected experiences
In microsoft office 365 consumer
In microsoft office 365 family
In microsoft office 365 personal
Office web (previously office online)
Office store
Office Sway
Office.com
Onedrive.com
Onedrive
Onenote.com
Outlook.com
Pages bing
Paint 3d
Presentation translator
Photo array windows
Rinna
Rise4fun
Reduced bing
Seeing the
Send
Desktop wallpapers microsoft
Skype in the Classroom
Skype manager
Skype.com
Skype
Smart search
Snip insights
Spreadsheet keyboard
Store
Sway.com
To-do.microsoft.com
Translator for microsoft edge
Translator live
Urweather
Ux.microsoft.com
Video breakdown
Visio online
Web translator
Whiteboard.office.com
Windows live mail
Windows live writer
Windows movie maker
Windows store
Xbox game pass
Xbox live gold
Xbox live
Xbox music
Xbox store
