Myheritage-terms and conditions
The latest update of these terms and conditions it was day 18 april 2020.
Unless you controlled by that date, we expect you to do that now.
The translation in italian of our terms and conditions below is not reported version binding.
Practicality pure to is provided for information purposes.
The english version of the terms and conditions that is legally binding.
Welcome to Myheritage
Myheritage is an online service which enables its members to create sites and family in order to create profiles and print their trees, share family photo, flock to liaise with the members of the family, perform dna test receive genetic analysis to the health and genealogy participate in scientific studies and seek their own family history with the aid of advanced research instruments (the " service ").
Service is owned and operated by Myheritage ltd. (
Below simply " ', ' we ' or ' Myheritage our.
For you ' or ' your ' means a user of the service, older than adult 13 years (in some countries the minimum age is 14 years, see the section " children of 13 or 14 years users " below).
Any use of the service and / or website (the website ") " Myheritage is subject to compliance with these terms and conditions.
Please read them carefully, because, using the website, you make to them and to conclude an agreement with us on this basis (this ' agreement ', irrespective of your entry in as a member state ') (" Myheritage.
Website Myheritage (the " website ") is one of a group of sites of our ownership and management (" the group ') which includes other Myheritage website websites Myheritage. *
On tier one and other fields Geni.com.
This agreement shall apply to any use of the service, including for example but not exhaustive: (a) the sending of samples for the extraction and processing of dna, (b) loading in digital format of genetic information exported from other services, c) reception and dna interaction with genetic analysis provided by genealogical services ' website (dna for the "); (d) the receipt genealogy, consultation and interaction with genetic analysis for health (the " health services "); and dna and finally) downloading of your dna data together as the raw (called " dna) services.
Unless expressly indicated otherwise, the service also includes services for all aspects of the dna this agreement.
Unless taluna accepts the provisions of this agreement, please do not use the service and the website.
We reserve the right to amend any of the following provisions at any time, discretion, and any change will at our into force immediately following the publication on the website.
User agree to be bound by any amendments to this agreement should continue to use the service after that these changes have been published.
Service
Sites family Myheritage
Myheritage enables its members to create and publish contained within family of sites, and allows them to control and Myheritage restrict access by other users of the group to such material. Myheritage.
Given the nature of the service, please select the information that you want to publish carefully sites family, and refrain from Myheritage publish any illegal content or inappropriate.
Us we do not change the content or monitor by users, but included we reserve the right to remove anything that comes to our attention and which, in our view, constitute a breach of this agreement.
Not be limited to and non-exhaustive are followed some of what you publish, transmitting, or send by astenerti available through the service or otherwise render the same in connection with:
Photographs or other materials containing nudity, sexuality, pornography, and / or any other obscenity vulgarity content offensive.
Anything that might infringe or jeopardise the confidentiality of other entities, including members of the same family tree.
Our service allows users to establish specific settings privacy on names, dates, mail addresses and other information personal identification.
Please make use of those approaches and to respect the confidentiality of others.
Photographs or mail addresses of living people (other than yourselves, if published without consent.
Any information relating to children or to children suitable for their personal data identified, or addresses or other means of communication with the same without the express consent of the parent or guardian.
Any content, of which it has ownership or that no one has the right to use.
Any content that violates or limits ownership or other rights of others, including copyright and trademarks.
Are extremely sensitive to the respect of copyright and intellectual property of others.
Bear in mind that the content, including photographs, although from a site which states belong to their or who they published creators, and can not be reproduced without the consent of the owner.
Any obscene content, indecent,, offensive, illegal, degrading, defamatory improper was false, misleading mischief,, threatening, or encouraging the molesto racial hatred, religious or ethnic.
Anything that could cause to any person alarm, discomfort, anxiety, shame, offense or danger.
Anything that might be harmful to legal proceedings which the user is aware that it is against the law or to promote or facilitate illegal activities.
Any computer virus or other codes harmful or dangerous.
Anything that violates our privacy policy.
Is prohibited:
Seize identity of another person or be falsely its identity or status in any other way.
Appear as an employee or a representative of Myheritage ltd.
Or any of its subsidiaries.
Acts persecutors obstruction or keep in regular contact or insistent in relation to other users without their consent or encouragement, or after this consensus or encouragement is expressly or implicitly failed.
Send email trade spam, large quantities of unsolicited email or any other mail can the consignee (s. / upset
Use our website or the service in a way that harms our name or our reputation.
Restrict or impede the use or this website or service to other people.
Use for commercial purposes any part of our website, or the use or access to it.
Perform tasks that require any form of payment by members and / or users of sites of family or any other area of the site Myheritage.
Promote or offer for sale products and services, unless this is not expressly allowed by us and by law (in which case must be observed all further requirements that we stipulated related to these activities).
Insert on our website or service link aimed at sites outside the third group. Myheritage.
Unless received our expressed prior consent, is prohibited copy or electronically store all or part of our website or of its contents, and make available, distribute, sell or offer for sale all or part of our website or of its contents, or downloading data from systematically content and or through the website to create or increase another database for any purpose.
Is strictly prohibited extract acquire and / or collecting any data or page from the site without our explicit prior written consent.
Also strictly prohibited any product (including Myheritage resell for example, the excavations) without our dna Myheritage explicit prior written consent.
Buy support and then resale to third parties is dna Myheritage strictly prohibited.
Any activity related to website, which comes to our attention, and can we break the law applicable, discretion, simple brought to the attention of the competent authorities will be.
Sites family is a place where members Myheritage share their contents with other members.
This could create differences between states.
The following guidelines should be followed by all members Myheritage, you including:
Members must obtain permission from family members living before loading information them on a website family and concern, in case of loading, the responsibility lies on the holder unauthorised site-the family state has created.
If we receive complaints relating to information relating to a person or his family, published on a website of close family against the will of the latter, we reserve the right to remove this information from the site of family, even if the holder wishes site leave.
In case of disputes with the member of the site, we reserve the right to ban such member and remove it from the service to our discretion.
If the state is in possession of a subscription, we will perform the repayment of payment for that state.
The right of a family to request not to be included on a site family system at least holder's site for you...
If riscontriate on a site family or anywhere else in the website personal data entered by other members and which removal, you can send a request that you wish to address and give us a week to privacy @ myheritage.com study.
Will, firstly, to settle the dispute amicably site contacting the holder family entered the information or who is responsible for it and give time to tell us.
Work with the applicant in order to ensure that this information is effectively removed from the site.
If necessary, we will help the applicant also to remove this information by search engines like google, but bear in mind that such removal by google and other search engines is outside our control and not part of the responsibility.
Copying information or photo from other sites family without the permission of their holder is prohibited, and members who infringe that prohibition are exposed to the risk of being banished from service at the discretion of Myheritage.
To copy information or photo from sites or external services and family must have sites publish them obtained the prior consent of the owners of such material.
Invite other members on a site family, or accept their request for participation will give those members access site family, and they could copy part of it.
In such cases, the responsibility is holder site family, or the state that made the call or accepted the request for participation, and not Myheritage.
Where a call was sent by mistake, the holder or accepted site family may remove that member from the site of family access to it. revocargli
Sites family basic are open to visitors, but the details of the members of the family tree living, with the exception of only name, are obscured.
Privacy holders to optimise can make private albums of photos or the entire site, and deactivate the function for the trees. smart matching ™ pedigree
Smart matching ™ is a service with the family tree trying makes discoveries matches user, but this is a benefit for privacy incident: that holders of other sites family can see the parts of the family tree that have a match their (with the exception of persons living in common obscured) will not.
If it is a disorder must function off smart matching by clicking on " my privacy ™ " in the drop-down menu in the top-right of the website, then click on " content " under the name of your tree, by unchecking the function " smart " and finally enable matching ™ by clicking on the button " save.
Leaving active function for the family tree, smart matching ™ user takes responsibility that other states can see part of his family tree.
We reserve the right to our absolute discretion to refuse, omit or remove any content published by users and / or on any site or family, limit, suspend or exclude access to all or a permanent part of the website and / or service at any time, for whatever reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any responsibility, financial or otherwise.
We will also have the right to our absolute discretion to refuse, omit or remove any site family at any time, for whatever reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any responsibility, financial or otherwise, if we believe that the site family in any way infringes this agreement.
Once loaded or published on the website content, including trees pedigree and photographs, these could become accessible to all visitors of the website or one of the sites of the group, depending on the settings Myheritage website accessibility choices by the user.
Accessibility settings, according to these users other sites would be capable of displaying, copying, download, edit or delete certain content in store by the user.
User accepts that other users to have access to their website family and can add or remove material or otherwise modify its site family.
Information visualizzabili and available research will be published vision or listening to third.
User may remove content previously published on its website; however, where a copy thereof has been discharged or otherwise by third parties, it filed away might still be publicly visible.
Other users may contact you through our website on the content to you loaded.
Could send an email notification when he received a new message on our website.
You can change settings email settings area in section " inbox " should not receive that notice. preferiate
Dna services
This section is devoted to services, including dna, among others, the order of support, the expedition to us Myheritage dna samples of dna, the use of such samples, acceptable dna markers nucleotides, mutations or (" results ") from dna haplogroups they or you loaded on the website extracts and the results of genetic tests results including genealogical dna matching dna and the estimated ethnic (overall called the report ") and the results of the genealogical dna genetic analysis to the health of dna results which include the report on the genetic risk and the report on the condition of healthy (overall called the bearer for health ', and dna reports in combination with reports the " report ' dna genealogical dna and your rights, obligations and restrictions on the use by your services dna.
Please note that for using services should register on the dna as a member, while it is not necessary to take out a subscription.
Use services is subject to this agreement and the dna privacy policy of Myheritage.
Services genealogy dna are currently not available for residents of the following locations: israel, iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria (" places restricted for services genealogy. " dna
Dna health services are not available for residents of following localities israel, france, germany, austria, austria, switzerland, the states of rhode island, new jersey and new york, and iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria (" places restricted services saniari dna.
Allowing services dna, sending a dna sample for testing or loading or the dna results moving on a website, the user has eighteen (18) years or older and not be resident in places restricted for services genealogy and / or dna in places restricted for services relating to dna, respectively, saniari listed above, and declare that i have read, understood and consented to be bound by this agreement and to be linked to the collection and the use of dna sample and results of dna, as well as to calculating and providing by our relations dna applicable.
Also user stated that any dna sample from him and any information provided by him transferred or loaded the results of its individual linking a dna or his dna or only as regards the use of services genealogy dna the dna of a person for whom the user is a legal guardian or has obtained the authorisation to provide legal its dna.
Notwithstanding above, the use of services for law enforcement, dna tests those criminal investigations, surveys " cold case ", identification of persons unknown location of relatives died of deceased persons using the dna of corpses and / or all the similar purposes, is strictly prohibited, unless we do not get an order by a tribunal.
Our policy is to protect the privacy of our clients by judicial inquiries.
All these provisions apply to both dna tests produced by our services dna analysis and examinations of dna with us shared by loading by users, on the direct transfer of data from another service dna analysis, or any other means by which users can provide their information on dna.
Sending dna samples to user gives Myheritage Myheritage permission to pull out, directly or indirectly, the dna from the sample, to carry out genetic analysis of dna by using the technology currently available or to be developed in the future, to disseminate the results of the tests by the user their dna relations and, as far as the only reports on dna, also to others genealogy authorised by the user and storing the samples for any further genetic analysis (e.g., to provide examinations dna or an account of dna more precise and detailed, and other results by genetic analysis may be carried out further in the future, with the approval of user) and explicit to allow the user to download dna tests, always subject to the conditions and in accordance with this agreement and with the privacy policy.
User claims to be aware that at the time of download tests) this dna: creates a copy and download ceases to be protected by the system security and privacy; 2) the download and the Myheritage following its conservation tests have to be made dna under its responsibility; and 3) Myheritage shall cease to have any control over the dna tests and will not be responsible to the downloaded user or third parties in relation to that download and / or preservation.
We do not claim any ownership rights on dna samples, results of dna and / or on genetic and information on health genetic references contained in the reports on the dna.
Genealogy genetics and any information on the health gene is obtained from the dna samples, arising from dna tests and / or required from dna, continues to belong to the person from which the sample was taken, and is subject only to rights guaranteed under this agreement. to Myheritage
Also inviandoci, samples and / or dna tests, user says that he does not include acquire any right on any research or commercial products that could be developed by us and they can have a relationship with its dna.
We will, at the request of the user, the destruction of dna sample from him provided.
To ask for the destruction of their dna sample, please contact us using the addresses indicated in section " contact details ' down.
Also each user may at any time, eliminate their examinations and reports of dna from the using the function the page " clear support dna, or manage applying to serve customer care for consideration Myheritage on your behalf.
Inviandoci dna samples and / or loading dna tests on our website, user gives us a licence, which is free from royalties valid throughout the world to use its dna sample, and solely for the purpose of services of dna tests genealogy them and the resulting record of dna, dna as well as any dna sample and / or dna results sent user originating from people who have the authorization given legal as described in this section, and the resulting report dna in minimum measures necessary to enable us to provide the user the service.
This licence is not, as it may be revoked at perpetuates any time their examinations and the report by finally dna from the and applying to destroy their dna samples.
Accepting this agreement user we request from any repayment, manleva action or legal proceedings related to the dna test, the dna samples, examinations of dna and / or to report dna, including but not limited to and non-exhaustive that errors, omissions, claims to slander, for violation of privacy, rights of advertising, suffering mental or economic damage.
This section is still in force in the relationship between the parties after the user has ceased to use the website or services of dna.
User confirmed that the presentation of a dna sample, for its part is not subject to any prohibition or restriction of export in the country where is.
He states also agree to have the power, under the laws of the state or the order in which lies, to make the declarations referred to in this agreement and not specifically the application of any law or regulation relating to dna samples, examinations and / or the reports and their storage dna of its status or system of residence.
User accepts that the dna samples are kept in the united states, as provided for in this agreement.
We reserve the right to our absolute discretion to reject, block, refuse to publish or remove any record of dna and / or dna tests provided by the user or ourselves further to the formulation of dna sample user, or limit, suspend or terminate definitively this agreement or the user access to preclude all or part of the services dna at any time, for whatever reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any responsibility, notwithstanding reimbursement than possibly spent for the purchase of dna Myheritage via our own channels support.
Fitness
Use and registration services are not valid in places where dna such services are prohibited.
Dna services may be only users greater than eighteen (18) years and legally able to conclude a contract with us.
Please servizautorizzando not to use such services, user dna represents and warrants that (a) the dna sample and / or the dna results he sent belong to him or solely in respect of services of dna, someone for the genealogy which has the legal authority to share the sample and / or the dna results; (b) has eighteen (18) years or more; and (c) its use services dna does not violate any law or regulation applicable.
If less uses the services of dna, the parent or genealogy, the guardian of the minor will be held responsible actions of the child.
If exclusively for the purposes of services dna user genealogy sends a dna sample of a child, should be the parent or legal guardian of the child and provide written confirmation of this in a format deemed acceptable on our part if required before they are given the dna results and reports of dna for the minor concerned genealogy.
If the user has reason to believe you have diseases, disorders or infectious conditions please send us your not contagious diseases, illnesses or sample as long as these conditions have not been treated or have ceased to be contagious.
We reserve the right not to treat the dna sample the user to dispose of its examinations and dna and settle report its inclusion unannounced where we feel there is a breach of this agreement or part of it.
Extinction report
This section applies services dna during use or used in the past.
User may remove dna tests associated to its account at any time for any reason, the terms on which they were loaded by us or by the user.
We reserve the right to remove the examinations and / or the record of dna user and / or to end the inclusion at any time without notice.
Even after the end of inclusion, remain strong property rights established by this agreement.
Non-commercial use by members
Services dna are intended for their own private use and information only for the members, and may not be used for commercial purposes or research, unless this has not been the subject of a written request from us and has been expressly approved.
Is forbidden misuse and / or unauthorised services, including the collection of dna tests and / or reports of dna.
We reserve the right to protect and enforce all the rights associated with the services offered dna.
Property rights content
To. we do not claim any ownership rights on dna samples, results underlying dna or on any result dna submitted by the user via services, and the dna genealogy and information on health genetic genetic contained within relations dna.
After loading tests on dna website or having sent a dna sample, the user continues to be owner of the sample, of the relevant tests dna and the genetic information on health and references contained in the minutes for dna, and genetic maintains the may make use wishing to.
Inviandoci a dna sample and / or loading of dna tests on a website, user grants, represents and warrants to have the right to transmit that material to use it, change it, and publish Myheritage create works arising from it, exclusively through and through services dna for commercial purposes or not, and for the activity of (and its successors and possible Myheritage franchisees).
B. services include dna dna tests and reports dna of users, members and other licence. concessori
Except content by one user, or loaded unless it is expressly permitted by the privacy settings of a user, it is forbidden to copy, modify, translate, publish, distribute, perform, spread, transmit show or dispose of any content in the site or accessible through it and / or services dna.
Dna samples and examinations dna; reports dna
User bear full responsibility for the dna samples sent to and for examinations of dna subjected Myheritage services, as well as dna any material or information transmitted to us or to our members and for all the interaction with other users.
Myheritage does not control or adopted any action resulting from your participation in services relating to dna.
Myheritage therefore is not offer any responsibilities in relation to any action stemming from your participation in services to dna.
Give guarantees, expressed as regards the implicit or examinations and reports of dna, and the correctness, completeness, completeness, reliability, quality and infallibility,, safety or compatibility website adequacy in order or services dna or the report of dna.
Using services user claims to know that dna, in possession of information could be unexpected by examinations and by reports of dna, which could give rise to strong emotions and which could affect his life and his worldview.
User could find out things about himself that could and that may not have upset him the ability to control or change (for example, that his father isn't his father or your ethnicity genetically is not what he thought it was, or events related to its ancestry) or surprising that has a higher than average risk of developing a condition incurable as alzheimer's disease).
Once it has obtained this information, knowledge is irrevocable.
We assume that the information that could provide the user, both now and in the course of genetic research, are welcome or positive.
These findings may have some social consequences, legal or economic.
User says me his using services and reception of dna dna could have far-reaching implications resulting reports not only for himself, but also for relatives or for other family members, since they share the same dna.
User concerns for these serbian taluna, please do not use potential consequences services dna.
Genetic information user shares with other people could be used against the interests of consumers.
Should therefore be exercised in shared with others.
Even if you share genetic information (such as the dna results and / or reports dna health) at present meaningful limited or have no meaning, it could mean something in the future, as new discoveries are made.
In future, businesses or insurance companies may require such information.
The genetic information act (gina) was approved Nondiscrimination in the united states in 2008, and some, but not all, states and countries have legislation protecting individuals with regard to their genetic information.
Consult a lawyer to include the degree of legal protection of genetic information before share with anyone.
If user exports its data analysis and load them on a dna Myheritage health service third-party for analysis health could be exposed some genetic information not reported on, which did not substantiate Myheritage Myheritage.
Myheritage does not assume responsibility for these information, because, for certain variants, dna data could be made with a name wrong.
Export data to dna from and the subsequent loading on a service Myheritage third-party are made at its peril.
More information on health services dna
User is authorised to use services dna for health only if it has at least 18 years of age.
Questionnaire health
Before provide reports dna health, but some information reported by reporting themselves, on the history of the user and family members of his family, by a questionnaire (respectively information questionnaire on health and the questionnaire on health).
Information questionnaire on health will allow us to determine the eligibility of the entity for some or all of the reports dna for health (the creation and / or transfer of which, in rare cases, may be denied) and, if the user is suitable for some or all reports dna to health, such information may also allow us a questionnaire on health easier dissemination and communication to the user reports themselves.
To this end, shall be completed the questionnaire on health in its entirety.
Before entering in health information relating to other questionnaire, we must obtain the agreement of those concerned.
Information questionnaire health will be stored and used in accordance with the privacy policy.
Questionnaire health you can add new questions and issues, where we need new information to update the report dna to health or to create new ones.
Then user will receive an e-mail about it.
The user has the opportunity to delete or modify information questionnaire health customer care by contacting the.
Read the privacy policy for more information.
Genetics is only part of the picture
Reports dna health shall provide information on genetic risk based on the evaluation of specific genetic variants, but not to state the entire genetic profiling.
Reports dna health does not detect all genetic variants related to a given disease and the absence of a variant tested does not exclude the presence of other genetic variants which may be related to the disease.
Also most diseases, genes that we know are responsible only for a part of the overall risk.
Other factors, such as the environment and lifestyle, may influence the risk of developing a given disease and, depending on the conditions may be predictive factors here.
If data indicate that the user is not at risk genetic high for a disease or condition, the situation requires however caution.
The opposite is true: if the data indicate a high risk for a genetic disease or condition, this does not mean that the user will necessarily that disease or condition.
All results reports dna to health must be confirmed and complemented by additional tests and information and medical clinics.
Only don't rely on health report dna
Dna health services are not designed to detect, prevent or treat independently disease or any disease or provide the user any information health current without medical information and clinical or be used to make decisions medical, including the possible use of medicines and the dose of them.
Also may be necessary to obtain further services by your doctor, by an adviser or another healthcare professional, genetic in order to obtain more accurate results in relation to diseases or diseases referred to in the report dna to health.
Services dna for health do not include medical assistance, advice or do not wish to be medical practice provided by either to create a relationship between Myheritage paziente-fornitore and user. health Myheritage
Services dna for health are purely for the purpose of research, information and education.
The use of any information provided under services of dna for health (including information potentially released which could be identified on the basis of the report on health and deli dna of literature or scientific research) is exclusively to peril user.
Reports dna to health do not constitute a substitute visits a doctor or other health professional, the medical advice, professional diagnosis, advice or treatment by the doctor or other qualified health care practitioner, able to examine the state of health in the overall medical management.
If doubts or concerns arising from dna to health or report answers to diagnosis, treatment or cure, prevent any disease or other relief medical condition, or damage to health and / or the state of health in general, you must contact your doctor or another healthcare professional.
Genetic research is not exhaustive and continues to progress
Note that many genetic discoveries that may occur in dna report on health have not been clinically validated and technology we use (the same as used by the scientific community) has not yet been used on a large scale for the clinical trials.
Also due to technical changes in our test apparatus some reports for health dna or some variation in a specific report may not be available to the user.
Risk presented variant could be calculated based on ethnic groups which do not correspond or are not relevant to their own ethnicity and therefore do not reflect accurately the risk to the user.
In future, the scientific community could demonstrate that the previous research are incomplete or inaccurate; scientific research future could change the interpretation of results of dna.
The progress of scientific knowledge, our report dna to health can change and reflect different results in the future.
For example, we could change the set of the genetic predisposition user changes considered for a specific disease.
Also we could assign values or different classes the changes so variants that are now shall be classified as harmful in the future and will amend the benign report dna to health.
Another example: we can change the level of estimated risk for a certain disease.
We can also add conditions or illnesses after receiving reports of dna health than the diseases and diseases listed in the pages of, when reports order preacquisto.
Other firms offering a test of genetic risk can detect variants genetic from the same disease, then results can be achieved using a different test a holding different.
We could also use different mathematical tools and to assess the existence of a statistical summaries change and / or the level of risk.
We reserve the right to update the report dna for health on the basis of new information, data or scientific findings.
Also reserve the right to notify user any changes to the report of dna to health.
Some people may try to receive the results genetic health anxiety.
This is normal.
Then user to advise their physician or other healthcare professional before providing the dna sample for services dna to health.
Invite user to talk to an adviser, a genetic health professional with special training in the field of genetic conditions and / or a geneticist, certified by the board of directors clinical doctor before providing the dna sample, for further information and so that we can make an informed decision on the dna test.
Note that the dna results and / or the report for health chosen dna to share with your doctor or other health professional may become part of their medical records, and thus become available in the future to other health professionals and / or insurance companies.
Where an insurance company ask the user if he becomes aware of medical condition through genetic information and user does not disclose such information, this may be considered a case of fraud.
Our laboratory is authorised in texas as a laboratory, but not all states clinical or countries require that our dna for health services are subject to licence.
Therefore, we are not approved by all the state authorities, universally federal or international for genetic testing performed medical purposes and sickness.
In some member states or countries we offer our services dna health as we do not have the necessary licences.
For the processing of client orders us residents is obligatory prescribing a doctor to prepare and issued to customers reports dna to health.
We work with a network of independent doctors and consultants genetic, llc () (" Pwnhealth www.pwnhealth.com "), to provide a Pwnhealth supervision analysis Myheritage dna health.
For review by a doctor and Pwnhealth a consultant genetic personal information of the user, including information on health, the questionnaire dna results and reports of dna to health, will be shared in confidence with Pwnhealth.
Share service is collected by Myheritage on behalf of Pwnhealth and is included in the total price of Pwnhealth services dna to health.
Analysis Myheritage dna health has been authorised or approved by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) of the united states.
The fda does not require that this test is subject to verification of the fda before the placing on the market.
User manlevare and agrees to its subsidiaries, keep free, Myheritage employees, managers, agents, licensees, manager, staff members and third parties acting on our behalf, as well as their respective officials, agents, partners and employees, from any loss, responsibility, claim or claim for damages, including any reasonable legal costs, due or arising from its use advanced or access to services and from any involvement of dna that use.
Use of the data
Members users or otherwise the website and / or services have the option of using dna genealogy relations genealogy of another member dna only to the extent permitted by privacy settings of this state and only relationships genealogy dna designated as available for the other members.
Where user collects and / or advertise the dna results and / or relations dna in a website or different application or otherwise use them outside services dna, it is noted that the dna results and / or relations dna will be used in accordance with the terms and the policies of these other websites and / or applications and that such use is exclusively for own peril.
Privacy and security
For detail on our practice on a privacy, please consult our privacy policy
Limitation of liability
Subject the content of the " (limitation of liability " at the bottom (under the section ', limitation of liability and compensation Liberatorie "), is the attention of the user services shall be managed in our dna structures in the us.
Give no guarantee that services are appropriate or dna availability for use in other countries.
Disposer access or uses services dna from other jurisdictions does for its will, and it is accountable to its local law.
Other parts of the website
As a member, the user has the possibility of publishing contained in other parts of the site, such as the forum for assistance.
Publish comments is also possible under the content in other users.
We reserve the right to remove any element content or published which we believe in any way infringes this agreement, we discretion, with or without notice, and without any responsibility, financial or otherwise.
Backup service Myheritage
Myheritage provides a service optional backup data available after registration to payment.
Backup this service is subject to this agreement and the terms and conditions for specific additional service backup.
Licence for restricted
Grants user a licence to use the service for personal use, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement (the " license ").
The service is not conceived and does not confer any licence for commercial use.
We reserve the right to eliminate in whole or in part the service at any time.
Is strictly prohibited download all or part, or any function, as well as any area of public service.
The re-release online or in any other form of contents of public areas is forbidden.
The violation of this licence could lead to the immediate cessation of the inclusion of user and could lead to legal action for injunction, damages and / or any other forms of repair.
Using the service and any other software service is allowed only granted by online and is not allowed, copy or distribute it, download reuse unless software, be explicitly stated that this software is designed to use and that the licence for that use offline is given together with the software.
Copyright
Except services dna, as outlined above, publishing content on the web user gives us a licence free from royalties, valid throughout the world, and continues to host such content, not exclusive, publish them and distribute them. copiarli
Integration correlation with our partners, Myheritage which family, and historian Rootsmagic Aldfaer does not embrace the publication of genealogies Coret content.
Information matching the software and the websites of the responsibilities conferred on us our partners are never used for purposes other than matches, and will not be from us never published, sale or licensed to any third party.
We have received no licence for this information, and they are available to us and then automatically removed after the calculation of matches.
Users partners could receive notifications matches matches of the family tree (smart) with our users, but these are not matching our users will not receive notifications bi-direzionali: of matches with users of smart our partners and will not be able to display their data.
All content published on the website, with the exception of content in by users, tests dna samples of dna and the genetic information contained in the reports of dna, are owned or our third who have given for them a licence limited.
The content in sites family are owned by the person who created them, are under the control of the administrator of the family relationships on which are published, and are we hosted in accordance with the terms of this agreement.
Myheritage is protected by copyright under copyright law recognised by the united states and israel, international conventions and other laws on copyright applicable.
Code application can not be edited strengthening or changing our software and the application in any way.
Not can be done, to allow or authorize the amendment, the creation of derivative works, translation, the reverse engineering, the dismantlement or of the decompilation any of our applications, hackeraggio any of the components, or any part of downloadable themselves.
Digital millennium copyright act (dmca)
Our policy is clear answer complaints alleging violations of copyright that conform to the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (law on copyright in the digital millennium. " " dmca
Dmca protection the holders of copyright who believe that on the internet is produced material that violates the rights under the law on copyright in the united states.
To learn more about, visit the website of u.s. dmca copyright office (office for copyright u.s.) at http: / / www.copyright.gov / legislation / dmca.pdf.
If you're holding copyright or their agents, and you in good faith that this content on the web site violates the copyright, you your file a complaint under our agent delegate for the dmca copyright by post at copyright notice, agent for the attention of: legal department, Myheritage, po box 50 terminal park, Or, israel, or by yehuda 6037606 email: copyright @ myheritage.com.
Complaints shall comply with the current regulatory requirements under dmca when are presented.
Please include in your complaint the following information: • a natural or digital signature a person authorised to act in the name of the holder of an exclusive right, who is being violated by material (or the materials).
• identifying the work covered by copyright, who is being violated or, if a single notification relates to several works under copyright contained in website, a list examples of such works.
• identification of the material that is harmful or be the subject of the activities and be detrimental to should be removed or at which must be inhibited access and information reasonably sufficient to allow to locate the material (provide the Myheritage url is the best way to help us locate quickly). content
• information reasonably sufficient to allow contact the complainant, such as a Myheritage address, a telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which contact the complainant.
• a statement that the complainant believes in good faith that the use of the material in the manner described, complaint is not authorized by the holder copyright, its agent or by law.
• a statement that the information contained in the notification is true and, or sworn statement, that the complainant in falsehood has the power to act in the name of the holder of an exclusive right, who is being violated.
If you are not certain to be rightholders on a particular work or of the fact that the material covered by the complaint is actually a breach, please consult a legal adviser or other consultant, as can not provide Myheritage legal advice.
Note: the dmca sanctions on false claims.
Marketing departments
Added serving, listen for use by our of your contact details in order to offer goods or services which supplement the products or services Myheritage you initially requested.
These promotional offers may be carried out by mail, telephone or direct mail.
Whether or not to receive commercial offers by mail, you can do it at any time by the link to the email or by setting your indicated in disiscrizione preferences mail.
Goto section preferences email in our privacy policy.
Whether or not to receive commercial offers telephone or direct mail contact us at @ privacy or mentions this request when you talk to myheritage.com a person of. Myheritage
Fee payments
Subscriptions
Myheritage offers plans subscriptions to payment in addition to the basic free access to the site, which include: plan site family, the family site premium plan, the plan data and the Premiumplus comprehensive plan.
All subscriptions more automatically to ensure the continuity of service.
This means that, once became a member, the user will be renewed subscription subscriber automatically and we will take charge amounts corresponding to the duration of the subscription by the means of payment chosen, unless the user does not make decommissioning or cancel the following the instructions provided for in this subscription agreement.
According to the united states legislation plans subscriptions to payment and purchases are currently not available for residents of the following countries: iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria.
All physical goods and requiring an expedition from us purchased are subject to a contract of carriage.
This means that the risk of loss and licences for these articles lies on the delivery of such buyer since articles on the carrier.
1.
Option decommissioning the renewal
User may choose not to renew your subscription and turning to the page log in carrying out my purchases (choose the plan concerned, click on " details view " and then on the annual renewal ") or " stop calling to + (toll-free number 1-844-994-1888 Myheritage in the united states; see page contact us to check telephone numbers available in other countries).
User not tells us you want to abort its subscription with at least one day before the end of its period of subscription, the payment for the current renewal will be carried out following.
2.
Test free
Subscriptions test free will be charged until the end of the probationary period.
You can undo a subscription test free at any time during the probationary period, going on page, without my shopping charged any amount.
On this page, click on " subscriptions data " or " complete " then on subscriptions " see details " and then choose option ' end now, it's for the " free subscription selected.
To starting a test free, it is necessary to provide their extreme charges.
When supply them and accept the terms and conditions, authorises to the cost of their Myheritage addebitarti automatically subscriptions to annually recurring, as payment since ends proof free.
Cardholders visa will be advised by e-mail seven days before the end of the test free.
3.
Redemption policy
For Myheritage the satisfaction of customers is important, and why we offer a guarantee of return of money within 30 (30) days.
If user is not satisfied with the plan signed may request a full repayment contacting support customers within thirty (30) days of subscriptions are taken out.
Guaranteeing refund money applies to subscriptions (,, or premium Myheritage) and complete data Premiumplus not products, like the school sent and posters of the family tree Myheritage dna.
All repayment will be effected by the same means of payment used to purchase from.
Please provide a reasonable period of time for receiving of reimbursement.
4.
Prices may change
Occasionally prices could be changed by Myheritage.
For information on current prices, see the price list.
Prices might apply taxes and customs charges according to country where additional you reside.
Following each payment Myheritage email details you will send the acquisition and the amount charged.
By 5.
Renewal connections to price blocked
Subscriptions bought with a price guarantee blocked (" price) are blocked subscriptions to at the same price will renew which they were originally purchased.
Changes prices connections will affect the cost of not renewing a subscription price blocked.
If you have a subscription price blocked, until the substance, at the time of keep annual renewal will always charged the same price blocked.
If, however, stop a subscription to price the renewal and let him locked annullandone lapse, you don't have the guarantee can regain in future at the same price.
Payment for services dna
If not yet registered user will be required to undertake the registration to at the time of order a trousseau Myheritage dna.
Registration is free.
Store credentials will need access to display on the website examinations and the record of dna.
1.
Substitutions
Where occurs either of the following, the user is asked to contact us using the addresses indicated in section " contacts " at the bottom, and we will be sending a new support dna at recorded at the time of purchase replacement without additional costs:
Trousseau dna has not arrived at the address of the user within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase.
Trousseau dna hasn't come to our laboratory within thirty (30) days from the date of dispatch by the user.
Trousseau dna received is damaged.
2.
Cancellation and repayments
User decided to cancel the order of support dna before the dna sample has been received by our lab, is entitled to a refund.
To cancel the order and demand repayment will have contact us using the indicated in section " addresses " at the bottom contact.
Reimbursement include the cost of test kit dna, but not the shipment costs, expenditure customs or taxes import.
All repayment will be effected by the same means of payment used to purchase from.
Please provide a reasonable period of time for receiving of reimbursement.
Not may be granted no compensation for the excavations which are already being dna analysis in our lab or whose analyses have already been completed.
Once a dna sample is prevented in our lab and has been accepted, the full cost of support grants. dna becomes
Please note that the scientific procedures can sometimes be delayed for several reasons.
Times analysis may vary depending on the workload of the laboratory or quality of biological sample.
The date indicated for the outcome is a simple, and does not constitute a guarantee of prediction delivery.
3.
Recovery of dna analysis following failure of laboratory procedure
Could laboratory is unable to develop your sample, and the laboratory procedure can produce mistakes.
If analysis of your dna sample fails, we will send you a new support for the dna analysis without additional costs to let you get us a new dna sample.
Trousseau for the dna analysis will be sent to registered address when purchasing.
As procedures formulation meet our high standards, a small fraction and not known data generated during the laboratory procedure may be understood or incorrect (" errors. " laboratory
As the possibility for this is known in advance, users are not entitled to such errors laboratory occur when repayments.
4.
Prices subject to change
Prices may be amended by Myheritage at any time.
Liberatorie, limitation of liability and compensation
Liberatorie
. Under no circumstances, to the maximum extent authorised by law in force, and its officials, agents, Myheritage representatives, employees, and are responsible for any licensees associated incorrect or inaccurate in relation to the information service, which is caused by the users of website for members, from our advertising or trading partners, or any equipment or programming related or used in the functioning of the website or services.
Myheritage is not responsible for any consequences related to the dna tests and / or the record of dna, whether they are correct or incorrect.
B Myheritage. and its licensees and affiliated are not responsible for the conduct, online or offline, of any of the members or other users of the website.
Under any circumstances, to the maximum extent authorised by law in force, respond to any loss or damage, including the loss of data or information, physical injury or death and impact on privacy that arise from the use by any person of the website or service, from any information published on the website or communicated to the members or other users, or by any interaction between members or among other users of website, both online and offline.
C. information products and services contained in the service and on the website may contain inaccuracies or typographic errors.
Information is regularly updated and amended.
D Myheritage. for any errors or do not respond, interruption, deletion, deficiency, delay in operation or in transmission, failure to lines of communication, stolen, destroyed, alteration or unauthorised access to communications of members or users; and it is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any network or telephone line, computer systems online, server or providers, computer equipment, software, failures in e-mail or accounts due to technical problems or internet traffic congestion or on any site, or any combination of these aspects.
Myheritage and its members are not liable for any damage or injury to computer equipment of any user of the website, or state, or any other person in relation or as a result of the use of website, for display, playing or downloading of any material on the, or at least in relation to the service.
And. the service and the website " as they are provided " and " come available " and unless it is forbidden by the law applicable, Myheritage of any kind, any guarantee who deny explicitly expressed or, including, but not limited to implied guarantees, marketability, a particular purpose, capacity to title and not breach and satisfactory quality or guarantee that the website will be available in any particular place or time without interruption and security; guarantee that any errors or defect is correct; or that the service is immune from virus or other harmful components.
We do not guarantee anything specific through the use of the service.
Service may contain links to websites third-party that are not our property nor controlled by us.
We have no control and we do not assume any responsibility on the content, policies and practices none of these sites of third parties.
User relieve us expressly from all responsibility arising from the use of websites and services of third parties.
We do not ensure, we achieve or we take no responsibility for any specific line, resources, test, medical or other providers of health care, drugs, medical devices or other procedures or biofarmaci views, or any product or service offered by third parties through the service or advertised website or any linked by hyperlinks, or present in any publicity, or other or other banner information that may be mentioned on this website.
We part or in any way any transaction between the control user and supplier third of products or services.
We and our third-party providers give any guarantees on the suitability, or accuracy of the content of the website reliability for any purpose.
Under no circumstances for us or our suppliers will be responsible for any harm third direct or indirect, punitive, or other special, including but not limited to and non-exhaustive foregone income, a loss of data or any other damage under contract, or any other non-contractual equitativo, although nature of this possibility. preavvisati
F Myheritage. may, purely discretionary to preview, revise, be checked, remove or edit examinations or reports of dna.
Limitation of liability
Myheritage under any circumstances (or its supplier third) will be responsible to the user or third parties on any damage, indirect, incidental, special or consequential exemplary punishment-including damage arising from the use or misuse of the service or any part of it, even if this possibility. preavvisati
Without prejudice to any forecasts against provided here, our responsibility (or that of our supplier third) against user or any third parties for whatever reason and irrespective of the type of action, will always be limited to any amount user service pagatoci during his period of subscription.
We do not assume any liability for any (s) or inaccuracies in content errors, oversight; (ii) damage to the person or property of any kind, arising from the access and the use of the service; (iii) unauthorised access to our server and / or to any information they contained; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission of service or to the same; (v) any bugs, viruses, or similar, that can be transmitted trojan from or through the service; and / or (vi) any loss or damage caused by the use of any kind of service by the user, whether as collateral, contract, or other illicit title.
These limitations of liability apply in maximum extent permitted by the law applicable.
Because some states / systems do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for damage or incidental, such a limitation could in consequenziali part not apply to the user.
If the user is dissatisfied by some aspect of our service, or somewhere in this agreement, the sole remedy is stop using the service.
Allowances
User says and keep his free manlevare Myheritage employees, subsidiaries, managers, agents, licensees, manager, staff members and third parties acting on our behalf, as well as their respective officials, agents, partners and employees, from any loss, responsibility, claim or claim for damages, including any reasonable legal costs, made by third parties through or arising from its use or access to the service, its violation of this agreement and / or any breach of the above statements or guarantees and / or if any information published by user on a website, or otherwise sent in through the service, or pervenutaci our responsibility towards third cagioni.
Limitation period in relation to the services dna
User accepts that, irrespective of any laws against (in the statutes or maximum extent permitted by the law applicable), any request for compensation or legal action resulting from the use of dna or services to this section or related to this, it should be taken within a (1) year from the time that originated the reason for this request for compensation or legal action, or will be definitively. for
Additional conditions for members
1.
Registration and security
A. during the registration procedure, the user should provide an email address, the full name and must choose a password.
Such information shall be provided correctly, comprehensive, precise and up-to-date.
The violation of this obligation constitutes a breach of this agreement.
User claims to be aware that we can not (s) indicate or use the name or email address of another person in order to identity; (ii) use crawling around the name or email address of another person without his consent; (iii) provide a year or date of birth false; or (iv) use a name or email address that we considered at our total discretion, improper or offensive.
B. to use the service should be greater than 13 years, unless the laws of the state of residence or from which he uses the service do not provide otherwise (for more information see the section entitled " children of 13 or 14 years users " below).
Registration and access to the website are as declaration have made at least 13.
Users below the age of 13 years but less than 18 years will have to submit the written consent of parents or legal guardian in order to use the service (for more information see the section entitled " minor " below).
C. user is responsible for any use or activities on the website through your password and storage of secrecy passwords.
We ask to reveal the password to none of our representatives.
Disclosure password to allow access to the website to third parties is expressly forbidden and constitutes a violation of this agreement.
Please tell us an email sent to our main address or the address if it has knowledge or privacy @ myheritage.com is suspected some unauthorised use of their subscription, or any other known or suspected breach of security.
Any fraudulent activity, illegal or illegal in any way could lead to cessation of subscription user at our sole discretion, and the user may be reported to the police authorities.
2.
Amendments to this agreement and the service
We reserve the right to our absolute discretion, to amend this agreement or service at any time.
Changes service will be published on the website.
If the user does not reasonable or does not accept any part of this agreement or any change in the agreement or service please stop using the service.
Continue to use the service now or after any amendments to this agreement shall be regarded as acceptance of the amendments, and they must be observed.
Please therefore carefully monitor the updated version of the agreement, to make sure to be familiar with.
Where this agreement is modified in substance, the label will appear immediately visible, alongside the updated link ' terms of service ' refers to this agreement, in the lower part of the pages of the service.
Label updated, will be removed after 30 days, or even before if the user visit page of terms and conditions to look at it.
3.
Users allowed to age
Except services dna (see previous (" within the section " services " fitness ") users to have dna request made at least 13 years of age to create an account on Myheritage.
In some jurisdictions, the age limit could be higher.
Providing false information to create an account is always a breach of this agreement.
This includes accounts registered for minor 13 years for work more subjects.
If your son (less than 13 years) created an account on Myheritage, you can show him how to his account, selecting " delete it by going account settings from the " account in the top right-hand corner of the page, and then click on " erase my account. "
Segnalarci if you have an account by a less than 13 years, please send us the details via e-mail to the address privacy @ myheritage.com.
Quickly to remove all accounts will be child less than 13 years being reported to us.
In most systems, the service (excluding services dna) require users to be more 13 years in order to create an account.
We strive to create a service global uniform standards for all, but we must also respect the local laws.
In accordance with the laws in force in spain, israel and south korea, have been demanding users who live in these countries have made at least 14 years before creating an account and use the service (but not services dna).
If your son (less than 14 years) resident in spain, israel or south korea has created an account on Myheritage, you can show him how to his account, selecting " delete it by going account settings from the account in the top right-hand corner of the page, and then click on " erase my account. "
Segnalarci if you have an account by a less than 14 years resident in spain, israel or south korea, please send us the details via e-mail to the address privacy @ myheritage.com.
We will immediately to delete any accounts for less than 14 years resident in spain, israel or south korea being reported to us.
4.
Minors
Except services dna (see previous section under within the section " services " fitness ") minors (dna years of age 18) may use the service only after having made at least 13 years (see previous section users below 13 or 14 years), and after having obtained by the parents or guardian consent for the use of service (' consensus ').
Children who have not been such a consensus can not use the service until the age of 18 years.
In some countries, the service could present a special form obligatory consensus of the parent / guardian when a user identified as minor falls or access the service.
Form consensus is required in this to a parent or guardian to enter your full name and your email address, and some boxes with which claims to selezionale be a parent or guardian of the child, to accept this agreement and the privacy policy of service, and to take responsibility for the use of service by the child.
If there is this consensus, the service module can not be used until it is completed.
If the user is not a child, the module allows the user to say and to include the year of birth right.
Once completed and sent the form consensus, the service the details of the agreement, but not documenterà will any other use of the data of the parent or guardian inserted onto the form.
Disputes and applicable law
This agreement and any dispute concerning the service will be subject only to the laws of the state of israel, regardless to any provision of conflicts between laws, and the user shall find that any legal proceedings on the implementation, implementation and / or application of this agreement will be subject to a reservation of jurisdiction for the courts of tel aviv, israel.
User also agrees that the service should not be considered a subject of law, and not involve legal liability towards, nor does it specify, in general nor Myheritage systems different from the israeli government.
In the unlikely event that has not been possible to resolve a dispute with the user after trying to seek an amicable settlement, any claim must be made in a personal capacity and not as an actor or representative representative of a group in relation to any collective action or proceeding representation.
User claims to know that this agreement, both sides agreeing to waive right to participate in collective action.
Agreement indivisible
This agreement, together with the privacy policy, the informed consent dna (the " informed consent ") and any other document published by Myheritage on the website or condition (where applicable), is the agreement between the user and indivisible in relation to the website and the Myheritage service.
Exercise failure on our part to human rights or option provided for in this agreement and / or informed consent should not be regarded as a renunciation of such rights or faculty.
The titles of sections of this agreement are places for comfort, and did not simple legal value or contractual effect.
This agreement and / or informed consent operate to the maximum extent permitted by the law.
Clause if some of this agreement and / or of informed consent is against the law, or anything, this clause is considered inapplicable divisible by this agreement and / or the informed consent and has no impact on the validity and the applicability of any remaining available.
This agreement, and every law or license in it, will not be granted transferred or leased to others by the user, but only from us without restriction.
Any attempt to transfer or transfer in breach of this provision is null and ineffective.
Fornissimo if there a translation of the english version of this agreement, in case of conflict the english version. always would prevail
Contacts
Or doubt if you ask this agreement on a website, the service or on any other matter related to the following address or, you can contact us visit our centre assistance.
Customer care
Myheritage ltd.
Po box 50, terminal park, and israel, yehuda 6037606
Https: / / www.myheritage.com
