Conditions of use of Oculus
Last updated: 11 april 2022
These conditions of use apply if the user uses an account for accessing products Oculus. Oculus
When using your facebook account to access products, user must consult the Oculus conditions of use additional and conditions of use facebook Oculus, governing the use of products from the user. Oculus
User accepts that the conditions of the store to apply to its purchases and download Oculus made by of from the date of store Oculus entry into force of the conditions.
Accepting these conditions of use or use of products with a user account OCULUS OCULUS acknowledges that the brochure is legally binding and agrees to comply with the conditions set out below.
User is referred to the present conditions of use in their entirety.
If the user does not accept these conditions of use, should not have access to our products and use them. OCULUS
These conditions of use contain terms and conditions relating to the user and his important use of products, including unless OCULUS user decides to do so, a provision for a binding arbitration for the settlement of disputes (except certain complaints relating to intellectual property and other complaints specified minor) and a surrender of certain rights processes by jury and / or the collective action.
User is referred to the " dispute resolution " (section 19) in its entirety.
Some terms and conditions may be applicable to users in the united states. non-residents
User please read the section 27 to determine whether these conditions apply to you.
User stated that it has reached the age in which he resides or, if the jurisdiction has aged 13 years (or 14 years if south korea) and resides in the age of statutory, to use the products under the supervision of the parent or OCULUS a legal guardian accepting to be bound to these conditions of use.
Children must ensure read these conditions of use with the parent or guardian so that both know their rights and responsibilities.
Facebook facebook (", " " we, " " we " or " our / a / i / and ') provides hardware and software products for virtual reality, joint and increased (" ") and manages a platform with xr the brand, where users can download Oculus, send and interact with content and services related to obtain or our products xr (as described in section 1 further, " products '). Oculus
User lies in the european region (according to the definition at http: / / / / / / this legal store.facebook.com territories), " facebook " means any legal entity meta Platforms limited.
If the user is in any other place, " facebook " means the legal entity meta Platforms inc.
These conditions of use (" conditions ') apply to the acquisition, access to and use of products from the user. Oculus
These conditions do not change in any way the conditions other contracts user may have concluded with facebook in relation to products, services or anything else.
Products Oculus when used on behalf of a legal person, the user represents and warrants to be authorised to accept the present conditions on behalf of the legal person, and that this legal person assumes responsibility towards us in the event of breach of these conditions by the user or the legal person.
We reserve the right to modify at any time these conditions at our sole discretion.
In case of amendments to these conditions, we shall give adequate notice at provided by sending an e-mail user and / or publishing a notice by products Oculus.
If we make a change of administrative, we could indicate by changing the date of last update at the beginning of these conditions.
The continued use of products from the user will accept Oculus conditions changed.
If the user does not accept the conditions for as amended, shall discontinue the use of products and eliminate (https: / / Oculus / my / privacy /) the secure.oculus.com your account.
Invite user to consult regularly the conditions to make sure you have understood the conditions applicable to its access to products and to their use. Oculus
1.
Products Oculus
Our aim is to enable people to have significant interactions regardless of physical distance.
To achieve this, we are providing the user products described below Oculus.
Oculus to provide these products, we must pool and use personal data user as shown in our privacy policy, available at https: / / / / / / this legal store.facebook.com privacy-policy-for-oculus-account-users.
Supply devices, content and innovative systems.
Offer a wide range of products, services, software platform, physical websites, app that allow users to access content and dive in and get services linked to our worlds xr products.
Use data at our disposal to provide the user these products and to improve the ecosystem of xr.
Offer experience custom for the user.
Oculus experience with products differs for each user.
E.g. any user products may have a chance to see Oculus thousands of contained only.
Use data available (e.g. information on connections carried out by the user, choices and selected by the user, actions and checks by the user to customize the) elements shared his experience.
Connection with people and experience relevant to the users.
Help user to find and connect with individuals, groups, events and other experiences of its interest through the products that the same use. Oculus
Use data we have to offer suggestions user and other subjects, such events to join and people who might wish to be your friend.
Ties stronger improves the community and we believe that our products are most useful when Oculus enable people to connect with other people, groups and experience of their interest.
Chance and to communicate in relation to the topics of interest of the user.
Users Oculus can be heard on products and communicate with friends, family and others in several ways, for example, creating or participating in sharing photos events or experience or adding content into a virtual environment multiplayer.
We developed (and are continuing to explore new ways of exploiting the) technology, as augmented reality, for sharing content more expressive and inside or through products involving Oculus.
Discovery content, products and services that could affect the user.
Could show the user offers and other promotions that allow it to discover content, products and services offered by facebook and from the many companies and organizations who use our products Oculus.
Conducted detrimental and combating of our community protection and support.
People may have significant interactions only if they feel safe.
Have dedicated team and develop advanced engineering systems to detect misuse of our service, towards other harmful conduct, violations of our conditions and rules and situations where we might be able to support and protect the community Oculus.
Where we learn a content or conducted consisting in the misuse of our products or in violation of our conditions and Oculus regulations, adopt appropriate measures, such as removing the contents, by blocking access to certain functions, disabling an account or enforcement contacting.
Share information with other holdings facebook (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /) when discover misuse 111814505650678 or harmful conduct in the use of one of our products Oculus.
Use and development of advanced technologies to provide services functional at all.
Develop advanced technologies, such as the use and artificial intelligence and learning systems for automatic offers a better service and more useful to all users of the products. Oculus
E.g. use the information at our disposal to develop models which make foreground content attractive for the user.
Develop automated systems also to improve our ability to identify and remove illegal activities and dangerous that might jeopardise our community and the integrity of our products Oculus.
Searching for ways to improve our services.
Are involved in research and we work with others to improve our products Oculus.
One way to achieve this is to analyse the data available to us and understand the way in which people use our products Oculus.
Supply experience consistent and without interruption.
Our products help to find and connect with the user individuals, groups, companies, organisations and other subjects of its interest.
Design our systems so as to provide the user experience coherent and without interruption in the various products on holdings of facebook (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /) that uses. 195227921252400
For example, some of our products Oculus allow users to connect with their friends on facebook.
Rating access global our departments.
To deal with our products at a global level, we need to store and Oculus distribute content and data in our data center and systems all over the world, even outside the country of residence of the user.
This infrastructure can be owned by facebook technologies, llc, facebook technologies ireland limited, inc., meta Platforms
Meta Platforms limited or of its subsidiaries, or managed by them.
2.
Fitness.
Registration and account
Oculus products are intended solely for users who have made at least 13 years (or 14 years if reside in south korea).
Registration Oculus products or their use by users under the age of 13 or 14 years (if reside in south korea) is not authorised or licensed and constitutes a breach of these conditions.
User represents and warrants to (a) does not appear on the list Specially designated nationals (list of nations with special list, " list ") sdn designation by the office of foreign assets issued control (supervisory authorities of the external trade), (b) does not appear on the list or list entity list list Persons Denied the department of commerce of the united states or other lists of export control of the united states, (c) not use proxy ip or other methods to fabricate the place of residence, (d) do not use products if the existing laws in their own country Oculus the ban in accordance with the present conditions and (e) there have been previously the suspension or revocation of rights relating to the use of products Oculus.
For access and use certain functions products, the user may need to create a Oculus account.
Creating an account, user agrees to: (i) provide information account accurate, up-to-date and complete; (ii) protect his password not share it with other people and accept all risks linked to the unauthorised access to the account; (iii) tell us in a timely manner at http: / / www.facebook.com / whitehat / if a security breach or otherwise discovers suspected in connection with products Oculus.
3.
Equipment, software and updates
Could take several tools and software to access and use them. products Oculus
Also we might have to automatically update some software user products obtained by new software, or provide the user Oculus that could include corrections of bugs, patches, functions, improved and, for new versions plug-in missing ensure the proper functioning of products Oculus.
Using Oculus products, user accepts these automatic updates.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion and where it is technically possible to disable access user products or the possibility to use them if we believe Oculus that there may be risks to health and safety or violations of our standards of the community (also named rules and the rules on facebook) behavior in contracts, vr, laws, regulations or legislation.
We guilty if we decide to remove, disable or remove the user access products Oculus or the possibility of using all or part of them. products Oculus
4.
Use of content and user products Oculus
4.1content and software license.
Abilitiamo unless otherwise agreed, if the use of software, content, elements or any other material ownership of virtual or licensed by " software ") and content (Oculus, let the user a licence limited non-exclusive, which can not be given in to access, install and use a sub-licence in case the software and content exclusively for personal non-commercial purposes, provided that the user respects these conditions.
User undertakes not to use, copy, modify, adapt, do reverse engineering, disassembling, decompilare decrypting, date back to the source code, prepare derivative works, license, sell, distribute, hire, transfer, expose and produce publicly sent play streaming, disseminate or use in any other way software and content, subject to the expressly permitted by us or by the law applicable.
Unauthorised Oculus is strictly prohibited products; it will withdrawal of the licence granted under these conditions.
No charge or licence is granted to the user developing or otherwise, the implied out of licences and rights which they are expressly granted.
4.2 Oculus runtime software.
Under present conditions, including the licence provided in section 4.1, the user can access the software of (" runtime runtime Oculus), installing and using it.
In order to optimise the use, security and the overall experience through our products, the user can use only runtime Oculus with us and with hardware devices approved by software developed using the software development kit Oculus, as stated in contract for rift licence.
We also request user use only version of runtime more up-to-date.
User acknowledges that contains information and that such information runtime owners shall not be disclosed by the same user other natural persons or legal persons.
4.3third party content.
Use user of services provided by third parties (app or contained " contained of third parties ') made available through products Oculus might be applied with the further contracts end-user.
In case of conflict between contracts and the provisions contained in these conditions, it is the conditions.
Facebook declines any responsibility on access or use by the user of the contents of third or any content or features found in the content of third parties whose rights are granted user solely for the purposes of a licence between the user and the supplier of such content of third parties.
Facebook under no circumstances will be considered as the grantor of the licence of the content of their rights of use and third or facebook does not assume any obligation or provide any declaration or guarantee with regard to content of third parties.
User if we are not proposing a licence agreement for the end user when she won the use of such content of third content third is subject to the following conditions of the licence: (a) the third party providing the contents of third (and not facebook) is considered the grantor of the licence of the contents of third; (b) the third part gives the user a licence limited and non-transferable to access and use the contents of third exclusively for personal non-commercial purposes; and (c) the user can not modify the contents of third or disassembling decompilare wholly or partially, or create works derived from or grant in any rights relating to or associated sublicenza content of third parties, except as covered by the third party expressly or by the law applicable.
If a content provider third violates of our legislation, we can remove the contents of third parties or disable.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, we will be responsible in the event of removal or disabling content of third parties.
4.4 Oculus trial access to products.
Could offer evidence free or other versions of the products to allow the limited Oculus to form an idea of user products before purchasing the full version. Oculus
These versions may be limited, functions foresee a period of limited use or involve other restrictions.
4.5.
Oculus availability of products after their acquisition and updates.
Oculus certain products may be based on services provided by third parties in relation to all or certain features.
Oculus thereof may not work correctly or become unusable when these third services shall suspend.
4.6support.
Facebook is responsible for all applications billing relating to the purchase of products and assistance on the platform Oculus Oculus.
Facebook does not have the obligation to provide assistance in relation to content of third parties.
The user can through the portal page assistance to contact us https: / / if you need help. support.oculus.com
4.7availability.
Products Oculus and the contents may not be available in all the territories and jurisdictions and we could restrict or prohibit the use of all or part of the products and content in certain areas and Oculus jurisdictions.
4.8network costs.
Could be attributed to the user costs for services involving traffic data by its network provider or other costs by third parties that might result from the use of products Oculus.
User accepts responsibility for these objections.
User is not who supports the costs that the user has been authorized presupporremo by the latter.
5.
Buying products Oculus
5.1purchasing Oculus products from Oculus.
User Oculus may acquire products except for personal use or as a gift, unless otherwise provided for explicitly in these conditions.
User can not buy products from for commercial use or for Oculus Oculus resale, although it may use products to develop and test software content, Oculus or intended for distribution by facebook app or of its subsidiaries.
When carrying out an order or a purchase, the user should provide us with information which address and the billing information.
User represents and warrants that all information shall be accurate and shall ensure that such information will be kept up to date.
Facebook declines any responsibility in relation to information not precise or information and not become obsolete assumes the obligation to try to establish what information is contact or dispatch corrected.
Mostly products Oculus, the user can manage their own information in account settings.
For purchasing products pending expedition, the user can update their information at any time prior to dispatch at http: / / / history /. we will not accept payments shop.oculus.com for purchasing products until the acceptance of the order (the user is asked to consult the section below).
After carrying out an order, the user might receive our statement acknowledging the order (" order confirmation.
It must be appreciated that the order confirmation does not imply its acceptance.
Acceptance order user will be sending us a communication which confirms the user confirmed setting the order or the sending of products, if applicable (" acceptance of the order ").
The contract between us and the user in connection with products be concluded as from the sending Oculus applicable user of acceptance of the order on our part.
Dates or appointment we (or sending indicated courier) represent only a and not a guarantee estimate.
The risk of loss of physical products purchased and responsibility of insurance goes to the same user upon delivery of the products.
No provision in these conditions affect the statutory rights for user to refuse that, once physical products received from that, there are damaged or defective.
5.2pre-orders.
Possible preordini could be before the launch of a new product Oculus.
Oculus preordinato user prices of the product shall be indicated when the user shall include taxes and charges preordine, if applicable.
The preordini do not ensure the delivery of a product Oculus.
Oculus preordinato when the product is ready for dispatch or delivery, we will contact the user to provide confirmation of purchase (including postage and taxes, if applicable).
This communication is the acceptance of the order.
5.3 our right to reject your order.
At any time before the acceptance of the order, we reserve the right to refuse the order of the user.
In such cases, we will try to warn the user.
Refusal may occur for various reasons, including the cases in which: (a) can not be given the product, for example following the user Oculus the depletion of the availability of article or an error in price at point of sale; (b) the user doesn't live in a country or a geographical area from which it is possible to buy products; or (c) the user Oculus sort a number of products higher than that allowed. Oculus
If the user has already paid, pay back the full amount, including any postage charged.
5.4your right to cancel or return physical goods.
The user has the right to cancel the order or the product at any time before preordine physical expedition and acceptance of the order.
After dispatch of products, the user has the right, within 30 days following receipt thereof, to withdraw from the contract and return products.
This right shall not apply to products that have been used or not be repayable, including meta states articles or products or modified according to the instructions of the custom user.
Products have to be returned in full and in the original package, together with the proof of purchase applicable.
User is responsible for the cost of refund products goal.
If at the time of repayment, let the products have been used, damaged, which are not in a position to be resold or lacking some components, we reserve the right to charge to the user 15 % for the costs of restoring or reduce otherwise the amount of reimbursement against him taking into account the damage, the use or component missing.
To cancel the order or return products, the user must inform facebook of its decision following the instructions at http: / / support.oculus.com
.
5.5 content transactions.
User may have the opportunity to purchase digital content through products. Oculus
User could also have the option to buy additional features or improved or multimedia content within certain products (collectively, " purchases in Oculus app ").
Prejudice indicated in these conditions, any responsibility for the transactions entered into by decliniamo user with with regard to content of third parties or third purchases in app for the contents of the farm or purchases in third app transfers under the contents of third parties.
5.6errors.
We try to ensure the utmost accuracy and to eliminate the errors relating to our products Oculus.
But nor do not declare to ensure that the products or price information is accurate Oculus, complete, reliable, up-to-date or without errors.
In case of mistakes, we reserve the right to correct them and accordingly the next user (if applicable), the correct price debiting or to cancel the order and provide a reimbursement of the amount charged.
If we get a error in the price or other clerical error on a product to be delivered, or to send yet Oculus user to inform him of the error, you the possibility of continuing with the purchase him to the right or to cancel the order.
If we fail to contact the user using information provided by the latter during the preparation of the order, we will consider the order cancelled.
5.7account.
The purchase of certain products could be limited only to registered users Oculus.
The user is responsible for all costs related to his account.
Levy amounts outstanding, we can try also trying to charge further amounts on payment instrument user, using agencies the recovery of claims or other means available under the law.
User decide to remove the account, we reserve the right, subject to the restrictions laid down by the applicable laws, to require amounts or costs incurred prior to disposal. supplements
Re-record user to be able to pay all amounts outstanding will your account.
5.8virtual items.
Purchase user of an article or virtual currency game within the products is a payment for a licence Oculus limited non-assignable for access to such content or function and their use in products Oculus.
Articles virtual (including the characters and names of characters) or the currency of game available for the products purchased or user in Oculus may only be used in connection with products Oculus, where were acquired in or developed by user following the game.
These items can not be redeemed, and outside of the products marketed reimbursed for money or other articles Oculus.
Can modify or suspend articles virtual or currency game at any time.
5.9pricing and payment.
We could accept different types of payment, including credit cards and debt and payments out of the service payments facebook. and paypal
Could apply additional conditions by the supplier payment service user.
By an order or a user claims to be authorised preordine to use the method chosen and payment to charge the amount of the order on autorizzarci method of payment in question.
By providing the information payment, user allows us (or authorises a manager payments) to develop and third store information on payments and other related information.
According to the place where there is the user or has applied for the consignment or the delivery of the products, may use an agent, Oculus Oculus a subsidiary or affiliate (including facebook technologies for orders ireland limited outside of the united states and canada) to produce the payment and dispatch.
If can not be verified the method of payment to user or is a method invalid or not acceptable for other reasons, we could suspend or cancel the order of the user.
User is responsible for resolving any questions relating to the preparation of his order.
Prices are subject to amendment without notice.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel at any time orders at our sole discretion.
5.10taxes.
If purchasing or use of the products is subject to taxation on use or Oculus sales, duties and other taxes or duties government (" "), the user could charge imposed the amount provided for by such taxes.
Applicable taxes could be displayed at the time of payment.
User is responsible for taxes due in relation to its use of the products Oculus.
5.11.
Cancellation of content and refunds.
All purchases of digital content are definitive, unless otherwise provided by law or as indicated in our regulations on reimbursements of content furniture (https: / / / / /) and legal www.oculus.com mobile-content-refund-policy rift (https: / / / / /). legal www.oculus.com rift-content-refund-policy
Once purchased the content, we call on the user to download them, and / or access in a timely manner please install them.
User accepts that digital content are provided immediately after the completion of the purchase and recognises any rights under the law of losing to withdraw from the order and receive a rebate.
Laws certain jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of liability or removal of certain rights under the law, so this waiver of rights under the law could not apply to the user.
If is unable to download the contents purchased, the user can access it or put them through the portal assistance to page contact us https: / / support.oculus.com.
6.
Use acceptable
Accessing Oculus or use user products agrees to: (a) does not have access to products or use it to interfere, Oculus undermine, affect or prevent someone to make the best products, including, for example Oculus and non-exhaustive, behaviour or content, nagging, threatening, intolerant, diffamatori miners, vulgar, or in any way offensive, obscene pornographic; (b) does not harm, disable or jeopardise the functioning of product, overloading Oculus; (c) does not in any way access products or use them for illicit purposes or any Oculus unauthorised or take, to promote or illegal activity or other activities which do not comply with these conditions, the standards of the community (also called rules, regulations behaviour of facebook) vr or other conditions or regulations provided in connection with products Oculus; (d) do not use or attempting to use the account of another user without his permission; (e) do not change, adapt, tampering with or copy products Oculus; (f) do not use
7.
Content of the user
Our Oculus products may include functions and areas where the user interactive may send, to publish, to send by e-mail or transmitting otherwise or interact with the contents, including, for example, not exhaustive, text, images, photos, videos, sounds, environments or functions of virtual reality, software and other information and material (collectively, " contained user ").
Unless agreement, we do not claim any rights on the ownership of the content of the user.
User use contained covered by intellectual property rights that we have made available through our products (e.g. images, projects, Oculus sound and video or provide are added user to content himself created or shared on products), we will all rights Oculus relating to such content (excluding user).
Sending content user through products, user gives us a right Oculus valid worldwide non-exclusive, transferable, free from, which may be given in totally royalties (i.e. can give it to other sublicenza people) to use, copy, view, store, adapt, perform the contents of the user and distribute publicly in connection with products on holdings of facebook (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /), under the settings 195227921252400 privacy applicable (https: / / / / privacy /). my secure.oculus.com
This right is when user delete the contents of the user or his account, unless they have not been shared with third parties and content that they do not have them removed.
User accepts irrevocably all actions or omissions made by us or by authorised persons may not follow any moral rights (or similar rights) in content of the user.
Whether what user, user accepts our music include guidelines on music (https: / / / / / / this legal store.facebook.com music-terms).
User is the only responsible for the content of the user that makes available through products Oculus and represents and warrants (a) to be the sole and exclusive copyright all contents user providing or that it has obtained all rights, licences, authorisations, the consensus and the necessary to grant us rights specified in liberatorie this section; (b) that the supply of user content and the consequent using them for our part, patents, copyrights, trademarks, respect trade secrets, moral rights or other intellectual property rights or rights of owners or image or privacy third-party or the laws and regulations applicable; (c) that the contents of the user meet our standards of the community (also called rules and the rules on behaviour in facebook) vr.
Provide do not approve either guarantees relating to views, views, advice or suggestions published or sent by users.
Facebook declines any responsibility in about the content of user made available through products and does not assume the obligation to Oculus control them, editing or monitor them.
But reserve the right to our sole discretion, remove, or change the contents of the user monitor at any time and for any reason, including the content that violate the intellectual property rights or that are otherwise opposed to these conditions.
Developers if the user is sending user for or on the products contained, recognises and accepts that contracts Oculus which concluded with us as a developer this section conditions may replace.
8.
Privacy policy
Our privacy policy, which is available to page https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com this illustrates how we treat data, privacy-policy, including the way in which rounding them up, use and divulghiamo.
In addition, certain third parties (e.g. developers of the content of third and producers of mobile computer or other means of user) may collect information on the user when the user using products Oculus.
Those third parties have their own information on privacy and information about the user harvested in treat compliance with such information.
Invite user to read these information privacy before to provide information to third parties.
Meta is not responsible for the accuracy of the information on privacy of third parties or shall ensure that those third parties is compatible with their information on privacy.
9.
Additional conditions
These conditions do not replace or modify but they have added to the other contracts with facebook, or with their subsidiaries, which may include, for example and non-exhaustive contracts with developers, the particular conditions of use of the device, the standards of the community (also called rules, the rules on facebook) and the conditions relating to vr behaviour in competitions, competitions or promotion.
If user buys physical products from facebook, could be applied regularly other conditions of sale or promotion.
Purchase and use of content of third from the user may be subject to additional conditions, including, for example and non-exhaustive, contracts with the end user information and the privacy of others.
Invite user to read through the contracts and the standards of third before entering the contents of third download them or using them.
The user can also have access to services provided by other products holdings (facebook https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /), which may suffer 195227921252400 to additional conditions.
10.
Classifications
We can show classification systems age, comfort and of digital content based on information from developers such content.
We can not guarantee that classification systems of digital content will always be precise promise which do not involve materials or harmful, offensive or indecent questionable.
11.
Ownership and intellectual property
Products Oculus unless otherwise specified, are owned by facebook, of our subsidiaries or of our licensing and are protected by concessori copyright, trademarks and other laws of the united states and other countries.
User undertakes not to remove, alter or cover notices relating to copyright, trademarks, trademarks service or other rights owners integrated into products or associated Oculus.
Oculus Oculus, vr,, touch and go, rift Oculus the logo of Oculus Oculus marks (" ') are registered trade marks marks or Oculus facebook technologies llc.
Marks Oculus and its affiliated companies can not be copied, or used, wholly or partly imitated, without the prior written consent, except as authorised by the guidelines on brand applicable.
Trademarks everyone else, marks, trademarks and logos service, other descriptions are trademarks of their proprietary marks or full and not be used without the permission of their holder.
Details guidelines on brand, you can visit our resources centre brand (https: / / oculusbrand.com).
12.
Feedback
Although the contents user, the user can send questions, comments and suggestions, ideas, projects, notes, drafts, original or creative or other information materials on facebook and on our products (collectively, " feedback ") Oculus.
User accepts that facebook and its affiliated companies can use the feedback in any way without any obligation to him.
13.
Conformity to standards and export rights rights of government
User undertakes to abide by all laws on export controls in the united states and other government authorities, including, for example and not exhaustive, the ear (export administration regulations, regulations on management of exports) the united states (" read. " export
User undertakes not to export, directly or indirectly, or downloading ri-esportare products Oculus: (a) to natural persons, legal persons or countries prohibited exports laws including any programme of u.s. sanctions; (b) to persons present in the list, in the list, Persons Denied sdn in list or other entity lists of export control; (c) for reasons prohibited exports laws including the spread of nuclear weapons, chemical or biological or development of rocket technology.
User declares and also ensures that no federal agency of the united states has suspended, revoked or denied his rights export and is not part of the sdn list.
Products Oculus, including all the software, technical data and the related documents are " products available on the market " (") according to the definition of " COTS title 48, (see section 2.101 code of federal regulations, code standards by the executive departments and the federal agencies).
Provide Oculus products for final use of government of the united states only in accordance with the following points: (a) products Oculus are licensed only as articles COTS; (b) the government of the united states have the same rights as other end-users under these conditions.
This business licence is provided in accordance with the customary (technical data) to section 12.211 (federal acquisition regulation, rules on acquisitions), section federal (software), and make the 12.212 for transactions of department of defense of the united states, the section (technical data-commercial products) 252.227-7015 of defense (federal acquisition regulation supplement, DFARS supplement to the regulation on acquisitions defence-related) and the section federal (rights of commercial software for computer 227.7202-3 or documentation of computer software) DFARS.
If a government agency of the united states requires further rights must directly with facebook to determine whether the negoziarli parties may agree on an amendment acceptable to these conditions, which must be included in all contracts or agreements applicable.
14.
Reports concerning intellectual property
In accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (" ") and the other applicable laws DCMA, we have adopted legislation which entails the closure, in circumstances appropriate and our sole discretion, user accounts held transgressors recurrent.
Our sole discretion could also restrict access to products and / or Oculus user accounts off that do not respect the intellectual property rights of others, regardless of the presence of any recurrent transgressions.
Where user considers that a content this or made available in products does not respect the copyright which the Oculus one user holds in relation to which exercises control or, he may inform our appointed agent this breach using the following contacts:
Designated agent
Meta Platforms, inc.
1601 willow road
Menlo park, california, us 94025
Telephone: + 1 (650) 543 4800
E-mail: ip @ oculus.com
User should see 512 (c) (3) the u.s.c. (united states code, u.s. code) title 17, available at https: / / www.copyright.gov / information on the requirements for title17/92chap5.html # 512 communication.
Alerts deliberately false abuses relating to material or activities, the user is required to repay any damage, including costs and legal costs, supported by us or the alleged following the removal of such materials transgressor or activities or access to the same disabling because of our reliance on such an alert untrue.
15.
Hyperlink
User is entitled limited and does not only create text to our websites for hyperlink non-commercial purposes.
However, the user can not use our logo or other symbols of our property to delay to our sites without our express written authorisation.
Products Oculus may contain links to websites, app or other services of third user acknowledges that, using the link third could display offensive content, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise unsuitable.
User recognised and accepted that we are not responsible for the availability or the accuracy of the property of those third parties resources or contents, products or services made available through these resources.
We do not approve or control the resources of third parties and give guarantees of any kind in respect of those resources.
Where access or use of the resources of third parties, the user must also bear in mind that are applied conditions and rules of those third parties.
16.
Exclusion of liability
16.1 before use products, the user is required to read OCULUS the important warnings and indications on health and safety and accessible to page https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com this using products, OCULUS health-and-safety-warnings.. user represents and warrants have read and understood those warnings and indications.
Could update or modify these warnings and indications, therefore the user is asked to consult them regularly.
Developers can provide further warnings and information on health and safety in relation to specific contents of third parties.
User represents and warrants that read all special and particulars on health and safety before using products OCULUS.
16.2 user recognised and accepted expressly that access to products and their use is to its OCULUS risk exclusively.
In relations between the user and facebook, as much as permitted by the law applicable, the products are supplied in the state where OCULUS and are subject to their availability
Facebook declines in each declaration, guarantee and condition (explicit or implicit, oral or written), including the implicit guarantees of merchantability, eligibility for a specific purpose and not violation.
Facebook also does not state or ensure that (a) the functions contained in products are accurate or meet the needs of the OCULUS user, (b) the operation of the products takes place safely, without interruption OCULUS, errors or viruses or (c) the flaws in products are correct. OCULUS
No information, guidance or communication, oral or written issued by facebook constitute a guarantee.
These exclusions responsibility guarantees apply as much as allowed by the applicable law.
Laws some member states or courts do not allow exclusions responsibility of some or all of implicit guarantees therefore exclusions responsibility of this section may not be applicable in respect of user.
17.
Clause manleva
User agrees to defend and keep free and its facebook manlevare subsidiaries, independent contractors and service providers and each of their administrators, officials, employees and agents (collectively, " parts ") complaints by third parties, facebook, damage costs, responsibilities and costs (including, for example, legal expenses and non-exhaustive reasonable) caused arising or (a) relating to the purchase or use, or the impossibility of use of the products by the user; b (Oculus) in breach of these conditions or other conditions, special regulations, or indications from facebook or by third parties in relation to these products from the user Oculus; (c) the violation of applicable laws or rights of third parties; (d) the content of the user or the feedback provided by the user.
18.
Limitation of liability
Parties facebook will not be held liable for loss of earnings or other damage, special punitive, indirect or CONSEQUENZIALI accidental arising from, or related to the use or the impossibility of use of the products by the user, even if OCULUS part of facebook has been warned of the possibility of such damage.
Overall responsibility parts arising from or relating to the use or facebook the impossibility of use of the products shall not exceed in any case the sum OCULUS 100 dollars (usd 100) or the amount paid by the user to use our products OCULUS.
These exclusions of responsibility for some damage and limitations of liability will apply as much as permitted by the law applicable.
Laws some member states or courts do not allow limitations or exclusions responsibility of some damage, therefore some or all exclusions and the limitations of liability above may not be applicable in respect of the user.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within these conditions, we have no responsibility for fraud or exceptions or limitations for deaths or other personal injury caused by our negligence or intended to affect the rights of the user provided for by law no RINUNCIABILI.
19.
Dispute resolution
Calls user to read the following section carefully as it provides to undergo a binding arbitration (renouncing the trial by jury) for all disputes (other than intellectual property and the complaints specified complaints minor) with facebook and the way in which the user can only obtain redress from facebook (waiver of collective of collective action or to arbitration or its representative actions arbitration).
19.1.
Binding arbitration, disputes and complaints minor.
User facebook and agree to waive its right to trial by jury or the right to deal with any disputes in court and accept instead of relying on a binding arbitration (i.e. to devote the dispute in one or more persons impartial resolution which will provide a final and binding).
However, the user has the right to apply to a court responsible for complaints minor, when they are with all requirements applicable to the court in question, including any limitations of jurisdiction and of the amount in dispute.
User agrees to submit a dispute to a competent court for complaints minor of san mateo county, california, or for residents in the united states, a court responsible for the management of complaints minor county.
" Dispute with, " as used in this section 19, means any dispute, legal action, complaint or dispute arising from or related to facebook in relation to these conditions, the topics covered in these conditions or access to and use of products, including, for example and Oculus non-exhaustive, disputes concerning contracts, damage to the person, civil liability, guarantees, laws or regulations or based on law or on the principles of fairness, and disputes concerning third parties (e.g. developers of the content of third), except for disputes, legal action, complaints or disputes relating to intellectual property rights facebook (such as trade marks, dress, names to domain, trade secrets, copyright and / or patents).
User facebook and give the referee the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute concerning the interpretation and the validity or the applicability of these conditions or the formulation of this contract, including the possibility to resort to arbitration on any dispute concerning the complaint and invalidity or in these conditions or part of annullabilità them.
19.2no Arbitrations class, class actions or representative actions.
User facebook and accept the personal disputes and exclusive resolution the same through arbitration individual, without recourse to arbitration collective collective actions or other processes representative.
None of the parties accept the arbitration or collective where a person has a dispute arbitration representing another or other people.
Nor facebook user or accept that a dispute can be established as collective action or representative within or outside the arbitration or on behalf of another person or of other people.
19.3federal Arbitration act.
User facebook and accept that these conditions affect trade between member states and that the application of section 19 is governed, played both from the point of view and implemented according to the federal substantial and procedural act (" "), Arbitration faa title 9 section 1 and following the greatest extent u.s.c. permitted by the law applicable.
19.4confidentiality.
Referee facebook user, and shall ensure the confidentiality of the proceedings, including, for example and non-exhaustive, all information collected, processed and presented for the purposes of arbitration or in relation to the dispute and. / / and the referee has the authority to take decisions appropriate to safeguard the confidentiality, unless the law requires otherwise.
19.5process.
Our objective is to resolve complaints in a fair and fast.
Therefore facebook user for any dispute against agrees to contact first facebook to try to resolve the complaint informally, sending a written statement on the complaint (" communication ').
Communication must be sent to facebook by registered mail to the following address: general counsel, Oculus, road, menlo park, 1601 willow ca, usa. 94025
Communication must contain (a) the name, address and e-mail address of residence and / or the number of cell associated with the user; (b) account Oculus describe the nature and the reason of the complaint; and (c) indicate the specific remedy wanted.
User fail to reach agreement and facebook to resolve the complaint 30 days after the receipt of the notification, either party may, in accordance with section 19, initiate an arbitration procedure or start proceedings in court.
Facebook user and accept that any dispute should be initiated within one year from the date on the complaint.
Otherwise the dispute is permanently closed.
If facebook user and fail to resolve a dispute and the user does not commence action before a competent court for complaints minor, the user or facebook should submit the dispute to binding arbitration promptly at the office of the american association (" aaa ".) Arbitration
Aaa refuses or where the is unable to manage the arbitration and facebook user access to a forum arbitration or accept an arbitrator agreed by both parties.
If after a reasonable efforts, and facebook user are unable to agree on a hole arbitration or an arbitrator, the aaa or a competent court or arbitration forum will choose a referee.
Arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the rules of the consumer (" rules of Arbitration aaa aaa ").
Rules aaa of and other information relating to can be found at aaa https: / /, calling the number or 1-800-778-7879 www.adr.org by sending a at 120 e-mail broadway, new york, ny, floor 21 10271, usa.
Accepting these conditions, the user (1) acknowledges having read and understood the rules of the aaa or (2) refused to read the rules of the aaa and they waive all claims on the iniquity of the provisions of aaa.
User facebook and accept that these conditions regulating the arbitration and that the rules of the aaa applicable are subject to the procedural changes that could make the aaa periodically.
Under limits laid down by the faa and the rules of these conditions apply, the adjudicator's authority and aaa exclusive jurisdiction to take all decisions relating to the procedural and substantive dispute; this does not include the power to conduct arbitration as not collective or representative actions allowed under present conditions (as above).
Referee can lead only individual arbitration and can not gather more people or complaints any type of procedure or representative chairing or presented on behalf of collective procedure more than one person or on more than one person.
Unless referee not determined that the arbitration is redundant or introduced for improper, all fees and facebook will pay expenses related to deposit and the pay and expenses aaa of the referee.
If referee provides for user compensation exceeds the value of the final offer conciliation submitted in writing to us prior to the selection of a referee (or if it was not submitted an offer prior to the selection of an arbitrator), we shall pay user the sum higher between compensation established by ruling or the sum of usd 5000 and, where applicable, we will pay the remuneration of the legal adviser of the user and any expenditure (including expenses and pay back the costs related to technical advisers) incurred by the user or his reasonably legal advisor for the survey, the preparation and the patronage of the complaint by the user in arbitration.
Refused the right to obtain compensation of honorary legal expenses relating to arbitrations and not unfounded involving us and the user.
19.6right to opt out.
User may waive this arbitration agreement.
Then or user or facebook to the other party, may impose to participate in an arbitration procedure.
To renounce, the user must send us a written statement within 30 days from the date on which becomes subject to this provision on arbitration.
User must include your name and address of residence, the e-mail address used for the account (if it has an account Oculus) and a declaration stating clearly want to give up this arbitration agreement.
Waiver requests should be submitted to: general counsel,, willow rd., 1601 Oculus
94025 menlo park, california.
If a court or an arbitrator limitations of this section decides that one can not be applied in relation to the application for a particular remedy or measure (e.g.
An intervention emergency), this request (and only this request) should be excluded from the arbitration and will be submitted to the court.
Unless user decides to do so, the provision on the settlement of disputes of section 19 will continue to remain valid also following the cessation of these conditions.
Courts in some countries may not allow the user to accept an arbitration agreement.
User lies in one of these countries, will apply the rules in force in the country concerned.
20.
Applicable law
20.1.
Laws california state, excluding the provisions on conflict of laws, regulate access to products and its use by the Oculus user.
Oculus access to products and its use may be settled by other local laws, state, national or international.
20.2.
Insofar as the provisions of section 19 are not applicable, the user accepts also any dispute, actions, complaints or under these conditions disputes which arise and that can not be solved through informal negotiation are resolved only in a court in the federal district of california northern or into court located in san mateo county.
User agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in question in order to resolve such disputes within the limits of the law.
Courts in some countries may not apply the laws of california to certain types of disputes or to allow the user to accept the jurisdiction of california.
User lies in one of these countries, will apply the rules in force in the country in question in relation to the controversies products Oculus.
In particular, if the user is a consumer who habitually resident in a member state of the european union, apply the laws of the member state in question of any complaints, legal or disputes arising or related to these conditions against facebook or products. Oculus
Complaints, legal actions or disputes can be resolved before any competent court of member state which has jurisdiction under the complaint.
In all other cases, the user accepts that complaints are resolved exclusively in conditions set out in these conditions.
21.
Modification of the products Oculus
Facebook reserves the right to amend, suspend, interrupt or remove disable access to products or the Oculus at any time and themselves without warning.
Under no circumstances facebook will be responsible for removal or deactivation of the access to any party or function of the products Oculus.
22.
Resolution
We reserve the right to revoke the user's right to access products and use them if does not respect the Oculus these conditions or other conditions or regulations mentioned therein or if it creates risks or exposures against possible legal facebook.
23.
Clause salvatoria
Where a provision of these conditions should be considered illegal, blank or for any reason, this provision will be unenforceable considered and applicability and validity of the expunged other provisions in these conditions are not in any way prejudiced.
24.
Transfer
User may not assign these conditions or any of the rights granted without prior written authorisation referred by facebook and any sale without such authorisation shall be considered void attempted.
According to that limitation, these conditions are fully applicable for binding us and of our successors and cessionari.
25.
Exclusion of waiver
Omission by facebook in enforcing or apply one of the provisions of these conditions or in to exercise any right or action required by these conditions or the law is not forgo any right to facebook to use or rely on available, on the right or the action in this case or another case.
Instead layout, the right or the action has and will continue to be fully valid and effective.
26.
Contacts
For questions or doubts relating to these conditions or to our products, the user can contact us via the Oculus portal care at https: / / or e-mail address to send us support.oculus.com contact @ oculus.com.
27.
Special provisions applicable to users outside the united states
Some specific conditions which apply only to users can be found at german https: / / / / / / this legal store.facebook.com. calls on the user to terms-applicable-to-germany read these conditions if lives in germany.
If the user is a company based in the european union or the united kingdom and public contained on the platform to end customers located in the union directed Oculus european or the united kingdom, you can find more information about its business relationship with facebook platform to business, which by consulting the opinion adds to these conditions.
