These conditions of use are effective from 28 january 2022.
Welcome to paypal
These are the contractual conditions between the user and paypal (europe) S.à r.l.
S.c.a. et cie, (" ") governing the use of paypal account and services by the user and paypal paypal " are defined conditions of use. "
These usage conditions applies only to those accounts users resident in italy paypal.
If the user is a natural person shall be at least 18 years and full legal capacity to enter into a contract in order to open an account paypal and use services paypal.
If the user is a company, it should be incorporated in italy.
These usage conditions do not apply to the use by the user of the service, paypal covered separately from agreements Xoom legal Xoom.
Paypal services to use, it is necessary to open an account paypal.
Opening using a paypal account user agrees to comply with all the conditions described in these conditions of use.
User accepts also respect as indicated in the following documents and additional in any other document contained in " legal agreements relating to him " page: page tariffs; protection programme purchases; protection programme sales; paypal paypal rules on use permitted; conditions of use for the other methods of payment; all future changes notified in updating the rules already published in page legal agreements. "
Read all the conditions of use described here and any other document relating to the user.
Paypal reserves the right to change regularly these conditions of use and documents listed above.
The latest version will enter into force at the time of publication online, unless otherwise specified.
If amendments restrict the rights or increasing the responsibility of the user, will publish a notice on the page updates of paypal rules of its website and shall communicate the user with at least two months ' notice.
Continuing to use our services after the entry into force of any amendments to these conditions of use, the user agree to be bound by these changes.
Where does not accept the changes, the user will close its account before their entry into force.
Paypal about and on its service
Mainactivity paypal is the issuance of e-money and the provision of payment services using it.
Paypal any information about and its service is available to page important information on payments and for the service.
These conditions of use, together with the other legal requirements and communications required by law relating to the use of our service by the user, will always remain available to the user on web site (normally the page " agreements paypal legal ").
Paypal could also send this information to the user.
If you wish, the user can require a copy of the information required by law paypal (including the present conditions of use and relevant information on payments and service).
Paypal address to this user documentation in a form which permits the archiving and reproduction (e.g. via email).
Open an account
Paypal offers two account types: staff and business.
Account
With a personal account, you can send and require money to friends and family and pay online purchases.
In order to have all the features available in a personal account, currently the holders of certain personal accounts may need to change the existing category their accounts (and in some cases provide further information to paypal).
User intending to use its account primarily to sell goods must open a paypal account business or convert their personal account account into a business.
Account business
Accounts business are designed for people and businesses (consisting of or not) using paypal mainly for due to trade or receive payments online donations.
Accounts business may be subject to different rates than those applicable to personal accounts.
For more details, see.
Business opening an account or converted a personal account in a business user gives paypal account that for commercial purposes. this account will mainly
Status of trading company
If activity through all kinds of paypal account reaches certain thresholds or involves specific segments in order to continue or commercial activities, to accept card payments the network of credit card debt / require the acceptance of contracts for trading companies from the user directly with partners processing paypal.
Here contracts for trading companies will be applied, in addition to these conditions of use, to all the payments processed by on your behalf paypal.
Safe use of paypal account
User is required to adopt measures to prevent the misuse of sensible and satisfactory of his account and to maintain an adequate level of paypal security and control on all the devices, articles, ids, passwords and numbers / personal identification codes used to access your account and services paypal.
Consult guidelines paypal on page important information on payments and for the service.
User is required to comply with all the instructions reasonable in relation to security of paypal may issue method of payment.
Paypal may require the user to authenticate any concerning its account education (e.g., provide the information necessary to ensure that paypal is really the user that is sending education paypal, as its information access, which include the email address and password), or to make access to its own to provide education paypal.
User is required to maintain and updated its contact details on the profile of their own account, which includes, among other things, paypal postal address, email address and phone number to be user).
The user can explicitly grant and withdraw authorisations to third parties in order to accomplish manage certain transactions on his behalf.
In some cases can from your account, in other directly with the paypal interested third parties.
User acknowledges that granting to third parties authorization to act on his behalf, can communicate to the latter some information paypal about him paypal.
The user can allow the service providers eligible third party, with according to the law, valid licence:
Provide information services accounts for access to information of your behalf on behalf of the latter.
Whether in your behalf is available the amount needed to carry out a transaction of card payment.
Services provisions payment orders to start payments from your behalf on his behalf.
Granting third-party authorisation for access to the account user in any way does not absolve it the responsibilities laid down in these conditions of use.
User is responsibility for actions authorizing third-party paypal to play on its behalf.
User paypal not all responsible and from any liability arising from paypal esonererà actions or omissions by third parties in relation to the authorisations granted to them by the user and subject to mandatory legal rights of the latter.
To close the account paypal
The user can close its account at any time.
See aid paypal for information on how to proceed.
Paypal may close the account user at its discretion in advance 2 months.
Paypal may also close the account user at any time if: user has violated the present conditions of use and / or paypal to close the account user is authorized under these conditions of use.
User not onto the account for 3 years.
Paypal suspected to have been completed access to account without authorization from the user.
If decides to close the account user, send the latter a notice of paypal account closing and will, where possible, the reasons for such closure the possibility of moving together all the money not being contested this account user paypal.
When user account is closed:
These usage conditions end immediately unless should remain beyond the resolution insofar as and as long as it deems it necessary for paypal account closing and under the existing legislation.
Paypal may cancel any outstanding transactions and the user will lose all balance associated with special payment solutions.
Paypal has the right to suspend, limit or terminate access to or the use of all or of certain services, web sites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used for the provision of services) run by or on behalf of paypal or any service paypal.
Before the end user will continue to be responsible for all the obligations laid down in these conditions of use outstanding and related to his account before closing.
Paypal may store the data account user in its database in order to comply with the requirements of the law.
Paypal may retain the e-money user after the closure of the accounts to the extent and for the time reasonably required to protect paypal and / or any third parties from the risk of transfers, fees, fines or other responsibilities liability and sanctions of any kind.
Thereafter user can back the money on payments uncontested that holds with paypal.
For questions about the money held on account after the closure, contact paypal.
Representatives legal an account holder declared unfit or deceased may contact for assistance paypal.
Where wishes to stop all services or any part of the same functionality or for whatever reason, paypal undertakes to report that to at least two months user of notice, unless it considers in good faith that:
Service or function must be stopped in advance according to the law or the relationship with a third party.
Normal might have a risk to safety or a substantial burden technical, economic or material.
Connect and disconnect a method of payment
Money in your behalf in legal terms is defined as " electronic money " and is recognised, the european economic area as a form of money that can be used for online transactions.
User may use a method of payment for pay and obtain electronic money into your account paypal or receive transfers from their own account, as further described in these conditions of use (see in particular reload the account or transfer money and finance the payment).
The user can connect and disconnect from your account as a method of payment, a paypal, credit card debt, or prepaid (if available), a bank account or paypal credit (if available).
Paypal could limit the availability of payment methods as part of its risk management.
User should keep the details of their method of payment (e.g. the number and expiry date of the credit card).
Paypal may change, if this information using the information sources and update them third parties at its disposal without involving the user.
If the user does not wish for data of its charter, paypal updates may contact the offeree company for so doing or to remove the method of payment by his own account paypal.
If paypal updates the method of payment of the user, will any settings related to this preference method.
User may choose to confirm the paper or the bank account to allow paypal to ensure they are valid and that the user of this is the real owner.
Paypal allows a user to confirm the figures by way of the " link " (cards) and confirmation or the procedure confirms bank account " (for bank accounts), as well as through other procedures that paypal may notify the user or be published where necessary.
Authorisation continued to for charging methods paypal user's payment
Linking a method of payment to its account, the user authorizes to paypal paypal automatically objections continuously on credits / method of payment related (under these conditions of use and the terms of any mandate, e.g.
Debit banking direct used by the service provider of the method of payment in question in order to provide and maintain such authorisation) value of e-money required:
To cover the amount of the payment (as well as any fees for the transaction payable to) when the user uses its paypal account to send a payment to another user.
Filling account user as it uses the function " " in interface account account reload.
Paypal could be used again to the method of payment if the previous attempt didn't go to a successful conclusion.
User cancelling an authorisation from its continuous method of payment shall repay to paypal currency already granted by any electronic but not yet in the paypal method of payment.
User scollegando may revoke the authorization method of payment from its paypal account.
Sepa is an initiative of the european commission and the european banking industry, born to make them more effective transactions within the european union.
Whenever colleague to a bank account or use a new bank account paypal account for the first time as a method of payment, the user gives a mandate sepa direct debit scheme paypal.
User using a mandate sepa direct debit scheme for authorisation continued:
May access the mandate and the relevant reference number (mrn) in profile, send reference number of its account at any time cancel or amend paypal the mandate for future transactions.
Paypal transmit the user the payment through the sepa direct debit and the time needed to be credited to the bank account with paypal amount from confirmation of purchase.
Paypal resubmit a request for payment if you through sepa direct debit due to transfer the initial payment, will not be given information (additional) on the amount and on the new schedule.
User may require a refund to its bank at any time and up to eight weeks after the date of payment by sepa direct debit, as provided for by the conditions of the ecb.
Risk transfers on the method of payment used and cases of use echeck
When user using a method of payment, paypal may keep the e-money corresponding in a reserve account for all the time in which has reason to believe that there is a risk of transfer from the supplier of the method of payment.
This happens because paypal does not have all the information necessary to transfer money from the payment in the balance of user until we have a paypal this risk transfer.
Asks paypal when the user to make a payment from your account to that of another user from his bank account and paypal retains finanziandolo as just described the e-money resulting from the transaction, the type of payment by bank account user is called ". " echeck
See section finance payments sent from the account below to know how paypal uses the echeck.
Have and use a balance paypal balance
User interests will not receive or other powers on this account, since this money in money is the european law prohibits the electronic and pay interest on electronic money.
Also electronic money is not a deposit or an investment under law luxembourg, so the deposit guarantee in luxembourg or systems of investor compensation schemes operated by the conseil des protection des et des investors can not protect the Deposants user.
Paypal may retain and transfer the money on your behalf and in between:
The balance and paypal
The reserve account
At any time, under these conditions of use.
Balance paypal
The operative part of your behalf contains the balance, which is the paypal balance of money available for payments and transfers.
When user uses the payment service to pay another user, paypal paypal undertakes to transfer the money from your account balance to the addressee. paypal
When payment should be strong enough to cover the amount of paypal payment and charges due to the transaction.
Also apply other requirements: see section payments below.
User does not have a sufficient balance has chosen a method of paypal or payment, will also require paypal preferred to obtain money from its name method of payment applicable and to issue electronic money on balance to payment. paypal
When the transfer of money, the user shall have a balance sufficient to cover the amount that wishes to paypal transfer.
See charging the account or transfer money for how to obtain a balance and as. paypal transfer
Paypal if the balance shows a negative amount, it is the net amount due to paypal at that time.
Reserve account
Money marked on the front page of the account as " outstanding ", " unused, " " blocked, " or otherwise subject to restrictions at any one time shall be withheld in the area of the account which acts as a reserve account.
User does not have access to this money on its reserve account or use it.
Reload the account or transfer money
Reload the account
For e-money on their own account, the user can, under these conditions of use:
Accept payments on its behalf by others.
Paypal here may charge charges.
Get e-money financing to an equivalent amount. paypal
Paypal e-money can be obtained from:
Automatically using the methods of payment applicable to cover amounts of payments user asks paypal to send to other users (and tariffs for transactions payable to paypal).
Manually via the function ' account ' available in interface reload account to pay to an amount of electronic money or to paypal ask on the method of payment of paypal addebitarlo linked to the account.
The implementation of any payment by the supplier of the method of paypal payment is legal responsibility of the supplier.
Paypal has no control over the time needed to complete the payment.
Transfer money
If the user has a balance paypal, may take a and transfer it to the method of payment amount related to his account paypal, after approval from time to time obtained from paypal.
Method of payment to transfer the amount may be linked a bank account or a credit card or debt, depending on the country in which it is registered account user. paypal
Paypal asks when the user to transfer an amount from their own balance, under these conditions of use, paypal may:
Convert electronic money in cash to be transferred to the method of payment designated.
Instruct its bank transfer this money to the method of payment designated by the user.
Paypal undertakes to send payment instructions for the transfer to its bank by the end of working day following (" working day ' means a day on which the luxembourg banks are open to the public) if not further delays occur under these conditions of use.
Once bank receives such instructions will have no control over paypal time needed for the completion of payment.
At this point, will be the bank of the supplier of the method of payment paypal, user and payment systems underlying to take responsibility to transfer the money on the method of payment designated and all this may affect the necessary time for receiving actual money.
Paypal may allow the user to transfer the money provided to
A bank account (where appropriate) by: allows paypal
Transfer standard on bank accounts linked to your behalf (this functionality transfer / is sometimes called the " transfer to ransom bank account.
A direct debit on bank accounts linked to your behalf.
Paypal may allow the execution of transfers above through the debit card connected to the bank account.
Mastercard credit card or visa user (if available).
Transfers apply.
Paypal also beforehand whenever the tariffs will communicate user implements a transfer.
The method of payment (e.g., the bank account or the charter) on which the user requires the transfer must be denominated in the currency of original account opening or in another currency supported by transfers paypal in country of residence of the user.
Paypal balance may be transferred only in the currency of opening his own account, unless otherwise agreed.
In order to transfer an amount to a balance in another currency, the user paypal must convert this balance in the currency of opening of their account or the conversion will take place automatically when the transfer.
Paypal use its exchange rate of the transaction.
This means that if the user transfers money:
Paypal balance a in a currency other than the original currency account opening, the conversion shall be carried out in that currency using the exchange rate of the transaction paypal.
A method of payment (e.g. a bank account or a paper) which has a different currency from the original account opening, conversion method of payment will be made in the currency of using the exchange rate of the transaction paypal.
The offeree company may charge the user even if we need a conversion in which was issued in the currency currency paper.
If the user has an account, this exchange rate business does not apply.
User will be charged a fee currency conversion applied to a external exchange rate, as described in page tariffs (see also section " mode of conversion of currencies paypal ").
User losses, in order to protect from other users paypal and itself, and to enable us to paypal comply with the rules and fulfil the anti-money laundering other legal obligations, paypal may delay a transfer in certain situations, including the cases where it is necessary to verify that the user has authorized the transfer or in which the payments on the account paypal user are subject to transfer (e.g. following a, a transfer or banking chargeback any dispute by a buyer).
If paypal account to user is applied a restriction or if a payment is subject to freezing or the user's account or an account has a negative balance associated in any currency while a transfer from the user is pending, paypal account user is to carry out again the transfer after removal of limiting or block or after having paid back in full the deficit.
Paypal may set limits on transfers and the user will see them through access to their own paypal.
To remove the limit of transfer, the user must follow the procedure paypal the notification (or will launch periodic communicate could be reported on the front page account).
Manage the cash in different currencies
In the opening of the account is configured for use with its currency opening.
The currency of opening of the account user is the euro (eur).
User can set the currency on its charter.
Paypal can set in order to enable the account user also serve to deposit money and send and receive payments in currencies other than the opening of an account.
Paypal may allow the an account holder to convert its balance in another currency.
Paypal user if the balance is not sufficient to cover the amount of a payment ordered in a specified currency, paypal may carry out a currency by a conversion balance in another currency, paypal to cover the amount missing.
Sending payments in certain currencies can be subject to limitations in some countries.
Paypal may also allow the user to choose the way in which they are managed and / or converted payments received on account in currencies other than the original opening.
To receive money in a currency different from that of opening of the account, it may be necessary to create a balance in that currency or convert the money in another currency that paypal allows a user to hold.
Payments in certain currencies can be received only by automatic money in another currency conversion paypal allows a user to hold.
User receives a payment from someone who does not have a paypal account and such a payment is carried out in a currency that current configuration of the account does not allow using, paypal may automatically convert the amount received in a currency is supported by account at the time of payment.
For information on how transfers in different currencies, see the section transfer money described above.
If any of the balances in the currency of account user presents, for any reason, an amount due to paypal, may decide to compensate for this amount paypal using the money in this balance in another currency user or by amounts received on your behalf deducendolo or the amounts that the latter attempts to transfer or send by itself or by another account, as well as the amount from any transfer that by deducting user tries to make.
If, for a period of 21 days the balance user reflects an amount due to paypal paypal expressed in euro (eur), not can convert the amount due in paypal euro (eur).
Paypal at its discretion, may impose limits on the amount of money that the user can convert or the number of conversions which can perform.
User is responsible for all the risks associated with the presence of several currencies into an account paypal.
User can't handle or convert currencies for speculative, arbitrage conversion options conversion or any other activity which aimed principally in order to paypal considers earning money through the currency conversion rates.
Paypal may block, cancel or transfer any transaction which infringes these rules.
Mode of conversion of currencies paypal
Except as provided below and tariffs, if the page currency conversion by paypal, this will be completed at the exchange rate of the transaction provided by for conversion into question. paypal
The exchange rate of the transaction shall be adjusted regularly, usually between 5:00 and the 19:00 eastern standard time (east) (in new york city, united states) of every working day.
These amendments have immediate effect.
The user can access the instrument " currency converter " to know the exchange rate applicable to certain transactions currency conversions.
Rates displayed by " currency converter " indicate the applicable rates when the instrument is used and may vary.
Under other provisions of the conditions of use, where the full transaction, the user will be shown the exchange rate of the transaction so that it can decide whether payment to the rate indicated.
In certain circumstances, the exchange rate of the transaction may be applied to the payment for the transaction regardless of when the payment or drawn up unless the seller drew up the transaction within a given period, as shown before the transaction.
After that period, may use the exchange rate in paypal force when the seller shall draw up the transaction or may refuse to execute the currency conversion.
User authorised payment pursuant to a contract or where automatic debiting paypal fails to communicate with the user when it authorises a payment of person (e.g. for lack of connectivity by the user or seller at the time) and is used for currency conversion that payment, will use the exchange rate in force paypal when the seller shall develop the transaction.
The exchange rate of the transaction for payments covered by the contract automatic debiting or when paypal was unable to communicate with the client at a time when it has authorised a payment in person, can therefore vary from time to time.
If the user is a seller and agreed to bear the exchange rate of the transaction in place of the buyer or if the user has an account business and makes a currency conversion account is not part of a paypal transaction specific or credit (for example, converting the balance in another currency), the exchange rate of the transaction does not apply.
User pay instead a fee conversion currency applied on a external exchange rate, as described in page charges.
The external exchange rate depends on the rates laid down in the global markets on the day of conversion or in the previous working day.
Currency conversion options
When payment comes from a credit card or debt and identifies the need to perform a paypal currency conversion user agrees and allows to convert the currency instead of paypal company card issuer of credit or debit.
If required by the company card issuer and its network, user can be converted into the currency of the offeree company same card payment in the currency of account used by the user for the sending of paypal payment.
This choice may be presented to user modes, including the second configuration of the charter, the choice of currency in which carry out the transaction, who to currency conversion (to run or corporate paypal card issuer) or as a conversion rate is applied to the transaction.
If convert the currency is the company card issuer, will be the company itself to determine the conversion rate currency and any tariffs to be charged.
Paypal will always conversion for transactions in which the user using the existing balance or bank account related as a method of payment.
If paypal determines that we need a currency conversion for the execution of a transaction that also requires a method of payment reserve, the user may not be able to decide who among or the company card issuer paypal will conversion for the payment from the currency method of payment in reserve.
If conversion currency is at point-of-sale proposal by the seller and not paypal, and the user decides to allow the payment transaction on the basis of tariffs and exchange rate charged by the seller, assumes no responsibility for that paypal currency conversion.
Statements and requests for records
Unless is not subject to restrictions, the user can access your account to see and run the extract account paypal.
Statements email, instead of receiving regular user agrees to control their transactions account in consultation with the history paypal.
Details main payments will be sent to the user email and also the history of the transactions made available to the user will be updated and the may consult at any time through access to them.
The user can also access to a report by its own downloadable paypal.
Report shows all fees and any other amounts charged on account user's period specified. paypal
Report will be updated and made available only if during the period specified were applied tariffs or were carried out operations account paypal user.
How paypal provides information on transactions will allow the user to store and reproduce information unchanged, for example a copy. stampandone
Paypal reserves the right to charge a fee if you provide the user additional information or the history of the transactions and other information on tariffs by an alternative method, but will not be charged any amount for the required data following a declaration in good faith to an error in the account paypal.
Tariffs
Fees paypal by over its own departments are shown in page charges.
Tariffs reported include all applicable taxes, but there may be other fees or costs that are not paid by or are not imposed by paypal.
Costs telephone and internet services required by the user and the costs of other provider similar services or associated arising from the use of services shall be borne by paypal user.
Paypal deducts their fares by balance user. paypal
Paypal deducts their fares associated transactions directly from amounts, before transferring the money on credit balance user paypal.
All information on the amounts paid and tariffs charged will be made available to users via email or included in the history of the transactions (the user can see through access to account).
If a payment you claiming a tariff paypal, the user will receive communication when provides the payment instructions to paypal.
User can not deduct amounts charges nor serve paypal.
Paypal may charge user costs for any other service outside the present fornitogli conditions of use.
Debits will be communicated user at application of these services.
If the user is a seller and would require (and maintain) the tariff for based on the volume, traders phased conditions applicable are those tariff for traders below, in section reported receive payments.
To make payment
General provisions to effect a payment
Payment instruction user
Paypal may allow the user to send a payment instruction using the different ways that they should from time to time reported.
How user can send a payment instruction may depend on the type of payment to be made, for example:
To pay a purchase or making a donation, many sellers and / or bodies or individuals designated to raise funds enable users to educate the payment through a paypal paypal or another mode of integrating Checkout dedicated collection of payments on their websites paypal.
To payment of someone, the user can access your account paypal and use the function " send money. "
Paypal may require the user to authenticate payment instruction (i.e. provide the necessary data to ensure that both the user himself to give education, for example by sending their data access corrected including the email address and password) and access to your account to provide a paypal otherwise the payment instruction. paypal
To speed up the process of payment, offers the user the possibility of choosing paypal some recipients to make " trust " payments direct beneficiaries.
To carry out this type of payment, as a rule, the user should not access your account (password, pin or other paypal).
User can of course access list of beneficiaries trust in its account at any time. paypal and change it
Cancellation of a payment instruction
Once sent to paypal, a payment instruction can no longer be undone unless it is subject to a contract automatic debiting (see details below).
How long requires a payment?
Paypal payments between users by the payer account are based on the working day following the date of receipt of payment instruction complete.
Payment starts at the account user within 2 working days following the date of receipt of payment instructions complete if this is:
On the day which is not working.
After 4:00 one working day.
Paypal may allow the user to request payment in a specific future date and, in this case, the money will be transferred from the account on the date specified.
Times above may be due to the application of delay other clauses of these conditions of use.
Where may refuse to execute a payment paypal
Paypal may consider the payment instruction incomplete and refuse to payment if:
Paypal balance the user does not cover the amount of the payment.
Paypal has reason to believe that the methods of payment related do not have enough money to cover the amount of the payment.
User did not provide any data required for payment procedures mandatory paypal uses payment instructions to the user (e.g., sufficient information on the recipient paypal may require payment of education and authentication user).
Payment exceeds the limit for sending notified by user when the latter try to paypal payment.
Paypal have reason to believe that an activity has been carried out on the account of the user not allowed, or that the latter has violated the present conditions of use.
When the payment is not accepted by recipient
User paypal may send a payment of a person who does not have a paypal account, but to collect the money that holder should establish a paypal account.
Recipient that already has a paypal account may refuse to accept the money.
If the recipient refuses to accept the money or not open an account and does not require money paypal within 30 days from the date of dispatch, the money (including any costs charged) will be on your behalf. riaccreditato
See repayments account to know what can happen when receiving a refund account paypal.
Limits sending
Paypal at its discretion, may impose limits on the amount and the value of the payments that the user may carry out, including those concerning its purchases.
User can display any limits sending through access to its account paypal.
To remove the upload limit, the user must follow the procedure by or from time to time comunicatagli paypal published (and eventually presented in your behalf of home page).
Objections set automatic account
Delayed payments vendor
When user pays certain sellers or certain (e.g. purchases purchases that the must be dispatched or may be updated and targeted by the seller):
Authorises the seller to collecting payment at a later stage.
Instructs paypal to pay the seller automatically when the latter so requests.
The user's authorisation generally remains valid for 30 days, but it could take longer.
If the user has a surplus, can retain the amount of the payment on paypal this balance until the seller does not collecting.
If payment requires a conversion by paypal, the currency exchange rate of the transaction will be established and applied (as described in section currency conversion) at a time when the payment is processed.
The user's authorisation allows the seller to update the amount of the payment before get it to reflect any changes (the purchase and agreed between the seller and the user, for example, additional taxes postage or postage or discounts).
To paypal is never asked to changes (even at a time when the payment is carried out).
Paypal may transfer any amounts under the authorisation of the user and upon receipt of the instructions by the seller on the amount of final payment.
Payments for automatic debiting
User may use an automatic debiting to deal with recurring payments to be made to the same consignee.
When the user shall sign a contract automatic debiting:
Allows recipients designated to collect. from your account dates from their payments (certain payments may refer to amounts due for a purchase of goods or services under a separate contract between the user and the recipient).
B instructs. and to pay recipients designated allows paypal (or other recipients indicated by the recipient if those designated) to require recipients to execute the payment paypal.
Recipient will become a beneficiary of all payments for the " trusted user in favour and for that makes the user will not always be forced to access to the account paypal (with or other) to pin password, recurring payments to schedule.
Payments under the automatic debiting could have amounts, i.e. on various dates variables.
Paypal is only a provider of payment services, so it can not know what the user has established in its agreements with the consignee or because the council has decided to collecting payment or should expect otherwise.
Paypal has the duty to verify and confirm the amount requested by the recipient for the compilation of payments made pursuant to the contract automatic debiting.
Paypal use different names for payments which may be provided by a contract for automatic debiting, including " automatic, " " payments of subscription payments, " ", " " reference recurring payments transactions, " " direct " or " direct payments " transfers.
User may cancel a contract automatic debiting at any time by the interface of their account or by contacting paypal.
If a payment under the automatic debiting is expected before the end of the working day following that of application for the annulment, paypal may decide to cancel the contract only after the execution of the payment.
When user cancel a contract automatic debiting, can still be in debt to the customer for goods or services received, but not yet paid.
If paypal stipulates that a currency conversion and the automatic debiting requires a run, will apply the exchange rate of the transaction in force at the time when the payment is processed.
The exchange rate may vary for each payment transaction.
Repayments account
Is implemented repayments
Paypal may allow the recipient of the payment of the user:
Refuse to accept this.
Decide to accept it and then use the service to a refund of the user paypal full amount, or any part at a later stage.
Paypal accrediterà the amount of payments or reimbursed on balance user refused.
Paypal accrediterà the amount of payments not levied on balance user within 30 days of the date on which payment.
If the amount of a payment is returned to the user in one of the ways referred to above, may convert the amount paid back in a paypal of the following:
In currency balance used for the initial payment (before it was carried out any conversion into currency received by the recipient).
In currency original account opening of user.
Us dollar (if the user does not yet have a balance in that currency, will open on his behalf a paypal).
If the initial payment sent from requested a user currency translation, paypal by currency in which the reflow riconvertirà was received by the consignee as follows:
If the amount is returned within one day after the date of initial payment, the exchange rate of the transaction will use paypal applicable on the date of initial payment, so that the user receives the original amount in the currency converted for the initial payment original.
If the amount shall be repaid after one day after the date of initial payment, will use the exchange rate of the transaction paypal applicable at the time of the conversion of the sum reimbursed and the user will give its consent.
The exchange rate of the transaction can be applied immediately and without notifying the user.
Paypal could also take automatically the amount recovered from the balance of the user and take it on the method of payment used for the initial payment.
Transfers may also include a currency conversion (see section transfer money above).
Risks when receiving refunds
The reflow could be of value less than the amount that the initial payment.
This is the case for the following reasons:
The consignee shall send a refund of value less than the amount of the initial payment.
Exclusively as a service provider payment can not know which is the paypal reimbursement by the recipient of the user or the latter has repaid initial payment because a certain amount.
Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the transaction.
Paypal is not responsible for any losses arising from the decision recipient of refuse or reimburse the user's payment, except when the reimbursement sent from the recipient is a payment made improperly to paypal.
Paypal wasn't responsible for the difference between the value of initial payment and the redemption value corresponding, except when reimbursement is a bad payment (see section troubleshooting).
Financing the payment
Select a method of payment to
The user can select a method of payment preferred after carrying out access to the account.
Under these conditions of use, the method of payment will be used as preferred for payments sent by default method your behalf.
Some contracts for automatic debiting you can set payment methods favorites different.
Payment solutions special
Some payments may be effected through payment solutions linked to the special account user, for example specific paypal balance for seller or transaction, good gift or other payment solutions shows.
Use and the priorities of these payment solutions are subject to additional special conditions of use between the user and paypal.
Homepage account user can take the theoretical amount available in payment solutions to make payments for special at a given time.
This amount is not electronic money is not considered part of the balance of the user and is not riscattabile paypal in cash.
It represents only the amount of electronic money that is prepared to issue and paypal account credit when user (and only to finance immediate) a payment under the further appropriate conditions of use of this special payment solution and only for the period indicated in themselves.
If payment of the user financed by an payment solution shall be cancelled for any reason special at a later date, the amount that was paypal withholds financed through the payment solution, and that this solution special has already expired, will restore the payment solution special.
Finance payments sent by account
Paypal e-money will for payment sent by your behalf from the following sources of financing, in the following order and reported to the extent that are available:
Payment solutions special (if available for the transaction in question)
Method of payment (if available) and preferred selected
Balance paypal existing
Bank account (direct debit through bank's mandate)
Paypal credit (if available)
Debit card to mark paypal (if available)
Credit card to mark paypal (if available)
Debit card
Credit card
Echeck bank account (if available)
Programme protection purchases paypal
When user buys an article by a seller accepting, may be eligible for a refund paypal under the programme protection purchases paypal.
Where applicable, the programme protection authorise repayment in respect of purchases paypal user purchase price of the article and any postage initial incurred.
Protection purchases paypal is not a guarantee or the product or the service.
Shall not be granted guarantees of any kind.
Protection purchases paypal is a service and does not replace additional legal safeguards provided for in legislation on consumer protection.
Apart from the application of protection, consumers have the right to purchase assert their rights under the legal guarantee of conformity of the goods supplied by the seller.
Paypal establishes at their sole discretion, where the complaint user meets the requirements of protection programme purchases paypal.
Decision initial is considered final, but the user paypal may appeal against paypal if has new data based or which were not available at the time when the initial decision was taken or if it considers that there has been a mistake in decision-making.
Conditions programme are set out in the programme page protection and form an integral part of these purchases paypal conditions of use.
Receive payments
General provisions for receiving the payments
Paypal may allow anyone (whether or not an account holder) to send a payment instruction that gives rise to the issue or transfer of electronic money on your behalf.
Integrating (or having integrated) on his platform or in its pages online payment function any aimed at enabling a buyer not an account holder to send a payment on their own account paypal, user accepts all the additional conditions of use for this function paypal at its disposal in any page will website or online platform paypal or (including pages for developers braintree and page legal agreements).
Those additional conditions include conditions of use for the other methods of payment. paypal
Reception payment account paypal user does not mean the receipt of money concerned.
Notification reporting sending a payment does not mean the reception of electronic money on the bill, unless the user has not accepted the payment.
Paypal may allow the user to accept payments in any currency supported from time to time from service.
If in its point of sale, the user (and not to the purchaser conversion currency paypal) proposes for an amount received by the user is required to communicate paypal, to the buyer exchange rate used and any fees to be applied to the payment transaction.
Paypal has no responsibility for the purchaser where user won't tell on the exchange rate and the relevant committees.
User acknowledges that the failure of the exchange rate and the related fees charged to the purchaser may constitute a criminal offence.
Each payment sent to the user may be subject to transfer payment, restriction, reserve or block revision, as permissible under these conditions of use.
Limits receipt
Paypal at its discretion, may impose limits on the amount and the value of the payments that the user may receive, including money resulting from purchases.
To remove the limit of receipt, the user is required to follow the procedure that the or the (opportunity will communicate paypal sometimes on the front page of your behalf).
New payment solution
New payment solution paypal includes:
Function payment dedicated integrated into the pages of online payment platform or user to allow any buyer, with or without account paypal, to send a payment on your behalf.
Anti-fraud instrument support.
The new service allows a user to choose whether to take advantage of new payment solution so full or partial, choosing function or the combination of features wishes.
Choosing to use the service offered by the new payment solution, with paypal in addition to the present conditions of use, the user accepts the following additional time limits applying to the following features: when the user uses the function as part of the new solution paypal apm payment conditions of use for the other methods of payment. paypal
When user used: the service advanced card payments and debt paypal as part of the new payment solution; and protection against fraud paypal as part of the new payment solution; apply our fees for the use of the new payment solution.
Rules on bonus
Paypal law-abiding and does not encourage in any way applying price increases because it is, inter alia, a commercial practice that may penalise the consumer and create unnecessary misunderstandings, conflicts and to use the waivers payment service.
User undertakes not to apply increases the use of services paypal.
Presentation of paypal
User must propose and manage as mark or method of payment paypal at least as the other methods offered in their points of sale, including websites and applications for mobile devices.
Should therefore be equivalence or substantial similarity:
Positioning logo.
Placed within each point of sale.
Treatment procedural payment and terms, conditions, restrictions and tariffs, always against other marks and payment methods present at points of sale of the user.
Statements customers in or other public notices, the user should not describe wrong paypal as a method of payment or show a preference for other methods of payment compared to paypal.
Management taxes
Taxes determine which is due to the user should apply to payments made or received; it is also his own task, collect and pay to calculate correctly taxes to the competent authorities.
Paypal determine whether is not a failure in the transaction should be subject to taxes and even calculate collect, pay taxes correctly claim or arising from any transaction.
As paypal is a provider of banking services paypal are not subject to vat in the eu.
Rules on the reimbursement rules and privacy
User should publish information on repayments and made and a privacy.
Payments shop and transactions with qr code
If user accepts payments with his shop or outlet paypal physical must explain the total amount of transaction to the customer before easier.
User debiting on behalf of the client can only after the latter has authorised the transaction.
Must be provided to customers a receipt if the paper require.
User agrees to be attached to each transaction making an accurate description and truthful of goods and services are purchased.
User uses a qr code to accept payments in his shop, you should use a qr code for physical transactions in goods and services.
Also codes qr may not be used by the user for agreeing to the payment of a transaction concerning a person of goods and services has been online. trade
In cases of complaint by the purchaser in respect of transactions carried out with user could be qr code provide to paypal further proof of delivery or other documents and information about the transaction.
Sellers of marketplace
If is a seller onto a marketplace through a third-party application or sells where paypal is available, the user is required to comply with all the rules applicable to purchases of protection programme or the application of third parties to marketplace sales made through that channel.
Such protection systems may require the user to take certain actions and may affect the drafting of complaints.
Paypal may allow the user to authorize marketplace to use his account for the amounts to pay him due to the marketplace or as appropriate) buyer (following a complaint, in accordance with the procedure of resolution itself, which are set out in the marketplace paypal " amounts due to the marketplace. "
Providing such authorisation, when the marketplace of complaint, the user shall inform paypal paypal payments to send any amounts due to the marketplace relating to the complaint, from the user's account it paypal or the interested buyer (marketplace as appropriate) in accordance with the instructions that the marketplace has provided to paypal.
Regarding complaints to paypal, if decides to resolve them in favour of user paypal, the user input on the payment of amounts due to the marketplace may be cancelled.
Also user may cancel those instructions contacting paypal.
All complaints directly to the marketplace are governed solely by the rules of the marketplace.
Protection sales paypal does not include complaints against the rule presented directly to its customers seller marketplace.
Accept payments so automatic
If paypal allows a user to accept payments by a purchaser pursuant to a contract, when the user has to automatic debiting paypal a request for payment on the basis of this contract, the user:
Paypal guarantees that the amounts indicated were accepted and approved by the account holder that are deducted (including changes amounts themselves) and that he will ask in advance the debit to subject payer.
If increased him report with at least four weeks advance the amount to be taken and that the buyer can not reasonably expect to pay, considering the expenditure pattern of the purchaser and the circumstances of previous payment, and recognises its responsibility to paypal on any reimbursement of this payment under these conditions of use.
Cumulative payments paypal
If user uses cumulative payments, the conditions relating to payments will apply cumulative paypal.
Responsibility user as corporate customer to inform any errors in paypal tariffs
When user has access to account statements or other information on the activities of the account available from in relation to the business user paypal account itself, these will be sixty days to paypal in writing to any errors or discrepancies concerning fees or other costs charged by paypal.
User fails to inform within that period, it is understood that paypal considers these therefore paypal correct information will have no obligation to correction.
The purpose of this provision, such errors or in relation to fees or costs discrepancies are different from unauthorised transactions or other errors in the transfer, for which they have laid down several electronic timing notification as specified in this document.
Repayments and transfer payments
When user receives a payment, it could be reimbursed or transferred.
Paypal may allow the user to send to the buyer a reimbursement of payment.
Paypal may carry out a transfer of user's payment under certain circumstances.
For more details see the result of this section.
Repayments
Only user (and not) is responsible for: paypal
Of legal and contractual obligations towards the buyer for any amount returned by the user.
Any difference between the cost of the initial payment borne by the buyer and the value of the amount of aid repaid to the latter (due, for example, to fluctuations in exchange rates of the transaction), unless the refund is not due to a bad payment (see section troubleshooting).
Tariffs paypal see the section for more details on user fees paid to paypal as recipient of the initial payment and paypal when user uses function holds special reimbursement of commercial transactions available in their own account, in the form of time in paypal time allowed by, except in cases where the paypal repayment is due to bad payment (see section troubleshooting).
Transfers
User receives a payment on their own account, you should return to the full amount of the payment and paypal losses resulting from the processing of payment (including any costs or fees for contestation). chargeback
This type of operation can contemplate the responsibility paypal (including any charges, expenses and criminal) with regard to third parties (including the payer and the supplier of his subject method of payment).
Transfer occurs when paypal exercises his right of amounts on your behalf, offset in accordance with section reimbursement for user of these responsibilities conditions of use.
Paypal user if the balance for a particular currency is not sufficient to cover the amount due to paypal in that currency, paypal may carry out a conversion from a surplus in another currency to offset the amount at its exchange rate of the transaction applicable when the transfer is being developed.
This means, for example, that if the user is a seller, the amounts of the payments he has received on their own account may be removed from the same account once the goods or services sold were delivered or granted.
A transfer may occur when paypal:
Reimburse customer covered by the protection following a complaint by purchases paypal raised towards the user. these
Offsetting the buyer or his supplier of the method of payment (or both) because one of them submitted a complaint on the amount of the payment subject to the procedure used by the provider transfer method of payment.
For example:
If the buyer used a card to finance the payment for the user could seek a by the company card issuer. " chargeback
Society card issuer, not paypal, to determine whether the subject payer is entitled to obtain a chargeback.
To learn more about the chargeback, see the guide to the page security and paypal accessible via chargeback the section entitled " sales safe. "
Page paypal security website is accessible from paypal.
Paypal charge a fee for the receipt of an application. of chargeback
If the buyer used a bank account in order to finance the payment, him or the bank could perform a bank transfer.
The amount required may be higher than the amount received by user due to the initial currency exchange rate fluctuations since payments of the request.
Paypal might be forced to offset the purchaser if these claims that this was a problem on the payment (including cases in which the payment was not authorised or was not correct or when a payment was made subject to a contract unexpected automatic debiting).
In this respect, please consult the resolution of problems.
Paypal may perform a transfer for any other reason under these conditions of use, including the provision actions that may take if the user has activities paypal not allowed.
Fees for it
Paypal addebiterà vendors a fee for the challenge to facilitate the procedure for the settlement of disputes relating to transactions online developed through a buyer or through the paypal account service " payments without account. " paypal
The fee for the dispute shall apply when the purchaser has lodged a complaint directly to paypal or requires the offeree company of its charter or chargeback a transfer to its bank.
The fee for the challenge will be charged as fee for the dispute as standard or fee for the dispute for large volumes.
The fee for the challenge will be charged in the currency selected user in the list of those available for the original transaction.
If the transaction was carried out in a currency not present in the table of fees for the dispute, the fee will be charged in the currency of account main user.
The fee for the challenge will be deducted from the user's account after the resolution of paypal complaint.
The amount of the fee for the challenge will be determined at the establishment of the practice of dispute.
Tariff depends on the relationship between all complaints for object not received and considerably not conforming to the description user received and the total sales recorded by the user in the last quarter (ratio of heckling).
Complaints total include all complaints for object not received and considerably not conforming to the description shall be forwarded to paypal directly or through companies or banks issuing cards purchasers.
Complaints total do not include claims for unauthorised transaction '. "
E.g. dispute open in september, the ratio of disputes is calculated the ratio between the total complaints received recital and the total sales made in the months june, july and august.
The proportion of complaints from september will determine the tariff for contestation applicable to all complaints in october.
Contested user if the ratio is equal to or exceeding 1,5 % and the user has made more than 100 sales transactions within three months before any dispute will be applied to the fee for the challenge for large volumes.
Otherwise disputes will be subject to the fee for it.
Are not subject to tariff for contestation standard, disputes which:
Are requests made at the centre of resolutions and not converted into paypal complaint with paypal.
Were resolved directly between the user and the buyer and are not converted into complaint with paypal.
Were made directly by the purchaser to paypal as unauthorised transactions.
To sole discretion paypal, meet all the requirements of protection programme sales of paypal.
Complaints relating to a transaction with a value less than twice the amount of the tariff for contestation standards.
Were resolved in favour of the user or the offeree company user paypal by.
Are not subject to tariff for contestation for large volumes, disputes which:
Are requests made at the centre of resolutions and not converted into paypal complaint with paypal.
Were resolved directly between the user and the buyer and are not converted into complaint with paypal.
Were made directly by the purchaser to paypal as unauthorised transactions.
Vendors are charged tariffs for it for large volumes may be required to provide information to paypal including the because of the rise in the proportion of their claims.
Although the disputes should not be applied or the listed fee for the dispute or the standard fee for the dispute for large volumes, the complaint can still be included in the calculation of the overall report contested.
Costs chargeback
For transactions that are not produced through a buyer or through the paypal account " payment service ', where the buyer paypal account without seeking to get a for the transaction with the company chargeback card issuer, the user costs paypal addebiterà chargeback in order to facilitate the procedure chargeback.
This expenditure will be enforced regardless of the outcome of the positive or negative attempt to obtain the customer chargeback against the company card issuer.
Expenses chargeback applicable are deducted from user paypal account.
Expenses chargeback are applied as specified in the table of costs and shall be debited in the currency selected by chargeback user in the list of those available for the original transaction.
If the transaction was carried out in a currency not present in the table of costs, the fee will be charged in the currency chargeback account main user.
Impact protection on purchases paypal sellers
User is required to read the provisions on the protection purchases and, if sells goods and services company to customers in countries other than their own, paypal accounts must also know the protection purchases purchasers of each country concerned paypal applicable, since the rights of customers under the individual programmes may have some impact on sellers.
For more information about purchases protection, go to the legal arrangements paypal page, select the country of the buyer at the top of the page and read the provisions of the programme set out in the corresponding purchases protection conditions of use. paypal
If user is rejected a complaint from under the programme protection purchases in any country paypal:
User will be obliged to abandon the purchase price of article or transaction costs more dispatch originals.
This applies when the user is the seller or seller secondary main goods or services.
E.g. staff members who sell tickets for events or travel agents online will lose the full amount of purchase paid by the purchaser.
In some cases, article may not be returned to the user.
The complaint within the meaning of protection is considered fully resolved only if: purchases
Reimbursement by the buyer is being developed through paypal, or
User paypal provides evidence it considers acceptable, at its sole discretion, that the buyer has accepted the alternative resolution supply.
User will not be entitled to any reimbursement of charges paid in relation to the sale. paypal
Where the complaint concerned the receipt of an article not conforming to the description, considerably generally article may not be returned to the user or may be required to accept the user and pay for refund of article made.
Where the complaint was for a considerably not to comply with article received sold by user and found " description to the user will be required to reimburse the full purchase price from the purchaser and it is possible that the article did not back.
If the user accepts payments from customers for paypal goods or services sold through is required to read and understand ebay, the programme repayment guarantee of ebay.
Unless user has not decided to the programme calling ebay, paypal cancellarsi comes decisions in favour of the purchasers of user ebay under this programme as a basis for a transfer payment made in his favour. paypal
If the balance of account or cash account is not sufficient to cover the paypal business amount, may: paypal
Detaining paypal account until will enough money to cover the amount.
Create paypal a negative balance on account of the user.
Programme protection sales paypal
Cases eligibility
User receiving on their own account a paypal costing more than eur per month at least once in 100.000,00 a period of six consecutive months and / or which apply increases for use (where applicable rules permit paypal) is not considered suitable for protection and is required to comply with paypal sales provided for in this section, unless otherwise agreed with paypal.
Each year, in october and april, will be if the user is competent to paypal protection sales.
User selling an article to a buyer might be suitable for reimbursement under the programme protection sales where the paypal transaction has been disputed or as set out in section derecognised transfers, complaints or chargeback.
Sales paypal where applicable, the protection allows a user to retain the entire amount of the purchase.
The number of payments for which you can be the coverage is unlimited.
Visiting page " transactions " details of their account paypal, may be established whether a transaction is eligible to receive the protection provided for in the programme.
Conditions programme are set out in the programme page protection and form an integral part of these sales paypal conditions of use.
Activities not permitted, blocks and damage charges
Activities not allowed
As regards the use of websites of account or services by the user or during the paypal interactions with user, user can not paypal must:
Violate these conditions of use, the rules on use permitted, contracts for paypal trading companies to user (if applicable) or any other agreement between user and paypal.
Violate any law, regulations, order or (e.g. those rules governing financial services, consumer protection, unfair competition, discrimination or misleading advertising).
Violate copyrights, patents, trademarks, registered business secrets or other intellectual property rights or rights of advertising or confidentiality or paypal third parties.
Selling counterfeit goods.
Action, a slur, or threatening. defamatory molesto
False, inaccurate or misleading information.
Send or receive money paypal reasonable grounds for believing as arising from assets potentially fraudulent or unauthorised.
Refuse to cooperate in an investigation or to confirm their identity or other information she has given to paypal.
Attempt a double collection " during a dispute and or seeking money is by the retailer, by bank or that paypal society card issuer for the same transaction.
Control an account related to another which has carried out any activities not permitted here mentioned.
Conducting their business, or use the services in a way that it will, or may paypal include:
Complaints
Required purchasers (addressed to or companies on the card) issuers paypal to cancel payments user
Tariffs sanctions, criminal or other damage or losses to paypal, to other customers, to third parties or the user paypal.
Use account or services in a way that paypal paypal, visa, mastercard, american express, discover or any other network transfers electronic reasonable grounds for considering an abuse of the system or a breach of the rules of firms issuing credit card / debt.
Allow the balance of its own presents a debt to paypal.
Take advance cash with its credit card (or help others to).
Access services paypal from a country not included in the list of countries allowed.
Action overloading that any unreasonably or disproportionate websites, software and systems paypal (including all networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal or services paypal.
Facilitate viruses, trojan horse malware worm or other software that can or attempt to harm, stop, corrupt, improperly used negatively interfere with, or intercept or unauthorised access to expropriate by stealth to systems, data, information or services paypal.
Proxy anonymous; use any use a robot, spider or automatic or manual procedure to monitor or copy websites paypal without prior written authorisation; or use of any device or software procedure to get round this header exclusion robots paypal.
Interfere with, interrupt or attempting to interfere or stop websites, software systems paypal (including all networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal, any service, or use of any service paypal paypal by other users.
Play anything to lose to paypal one or more services provided by internet service providers, processors payments or other suppliers.
Use paypal services to ascertain the behaviour of credit cards.
Circumvent rules or provisions paypal account user as temporary suspensions paypal or unlimited, blocks other limitations or restrictions, playing, inter alia, the following actions: try to open an account paypal new or additional when its account has a negative balance or was blocked, suspended or otherwise restricted; open an account using new or additional data referred to paypal was not holders (e.g. name, address, e-mail address, etc.); or use the paypal account of another person.
Annoying and / or their agents or employees, threaten paypal.
Abusing settlement procedure online disputes and / or protection programme and / or protection programme paypal purchases sales paypal.
Paypal cause to receiving an excessive number of complaints closed for the sender of the payment relating to the bill or to the holding paypal contested the user.
Receive from a central risks creditworthiness showing an a score high degree of risk associated with the use by the user. services paypal
Use a credit card to pick a cash advance (or help others to).
Disclose third-party data or distribute another user or use them for purposes of marketing without having obtained its express consent.
Send email to a user or use the services unwanted paypal to finance the sending or other related activities to sending unsolicited email to third parties.
Copy, play, to disclose alter, modify create work derivatives, public display or incorporate any content of websites paypal without the prior written consent by paypal or of any third parties rightholders.
Communicate password of their account to other or use the password for other users.
Paypal wasn't in any way responsible for any losses suffered by user including, for example, the use of the account by persons other than the user following a misuse of the password.
Or omit to do or do or omit to try to do anything or action which could interfere with the proper functioning of the service or activities carried out under paypal services or in a different way from terms paypal of these conditions of use.
Require or make a payment under transaction staff to perform a commercial transaction.
Allow using the service by the user to expose paypal paypal risk of non-compliance with legal obligations on the prevention and combating of money laundering and terrorist financing and other similar legislation (including, for example, where paypal can not verify the identity of the user or user does not perform the operations to remove limits transmission, receipt or transfer, or when the user exposes the risk of penalties imposed by paypal receive european authorities, or other related to us transaction processing user).
Paypal supplement or go to the bathroom all mandatory requirements without respecting the user guide to integration or communicated in programmers or in any other documentation published from time to time by paypal.
Advertise promote,, present or their customers the product paypal credit describe or any other method of payment based on credit in co-branding with without obtaining: (1) first paypal authorisations necessary rules to do so; (2) the written consent paypal and (if not paypal) company card issuer.
Undergoing security breach of their websites or systems which could lead to the unauthorised disclosure of data customers or induce to establish that there is a reasonable chance paypal that to happen.
User acknowledges that his involvement in these activities not permitted reduces his and others ' access and / or use secure the services account and generally paypal.
Actions paypal may take if the user has activities not allowed
If paypal considers that the user has done any activity not allowed, at any time and may take at its sole discretion various measures to protect its clients and the other paypal, interested third parties.
Actions paypal may include use, for example: terminate these conditions of use, limit, and / or close or suspend the account user immediately and without any penalty for paypal.
Paypal user refuse to provide services in the future.
Suspend, limit or terminate at any time and without responsibility, user access to sites, software, systems (possibly including networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal, the user or any paypal account service, with the possibility for possible limit paypal user pay or send money by one of the methods of payment linked to account, reducing the possibility of sending money or transfer.
Block money user to the extent and for the time reasonably needed to protect themselves against any risk of accountability.
User recognizes inter alia that:
Risk accountability running paypal in relation to payments financed by user receives paper can last as long as there is no longer the possibility that the resolution is in favour of a chargeback / subject (as defined by the rules payer buyer circuits of credit cards).
This depends on specific factors, including, for example:
The type of goods or services for which user receives payment.
The deadline for the delivery of goods or for the execution of the services for which user receives payment (such as the sale of tickets for an event with months before the date of the event itself could present a risk of chargeback higher from the sale of lasting and other goods or services).
Risk accountability which runs as a result of a complaint or a paypal dispute arising from a payment received by the user may last for the time necessary to the parties involved to close the complaint or contestation and all the appeals associated with the dispute in accordance with the complaint or protection purchases paypal.
Risk accountability paypal following an insolvency by the user can last for as long as and insofar as the law applicable to the case of insolvency would limit the possibility of taking legal action against paypal of user.
User let its account shows a deficit on paypal, the risks of damage to paypal for the time and can last as long as these amounts are still due to paypal.
Block paypal account user and / or the block the money on its reserve account (including, for example, a block of lasting more than 180 days, if requested by paypal where their rights are affected by the involvement of the user in an activity not allowed).
Refuse to execute a payment transaction specific at any time and for any reason with the exclusive obligation to make known its refusal and reasons, and the way in which the user can solve the problem, in cases where it is possible, at the request and on condition that is not prohibited by law.
Transfer payment (possibly on the method of payment of the sender).
Take legal action against the user.
Suspend fitness to user protection programme and / or the programme paypal purchases protection (also retroactively paypal sales).
Contact third parties and reveal details activities as permitted, as set out in declaration on privacy paypal.
Require update or inaccurate data provided by the user.
Require the user to provide information or documents in order to verify its identity and / or in relation to goods or services provided on the basis of a transaction.
User broke the rules on the use of paypal, is therefore allowed liable for any damage arising from the breach of those rules.
User uses its account mainly for commercial purposes, business, paypal craft or profession and breaking the rules on use permitted, then:
Beyond measures will be subject to pay to the amount corresponding to the damage sustained by a paypal paypal due to violation of the rules on use permitted.
User recognised and accepted that the amount of usd (or the equivalent in 2.500,00 currency of the country in which he resides) for the violation of the rules on the use is permitted:
Estimate reasonable minimum damage suffered by actual including, for example paypal but not exhaustive, internal administrative costs incurred by for monitoring and tracing paypal violations, damage the reputation and the brand paypal and criminal inflicted on from its trading partners, paypal resulting from non-compliance user in view of all the circumstances existing at the time, including the relationship between the amount and extent of the damage caused to paypal that we could reasonably have foreseen.
Reasonable and proportionate in its application to the provision of services to the user.
Necessary, but not more than enough to protect the legitimate interest of respecting user of paypal rules on use permitted.
Paypal can deduct such damages directly from any balance exists in any user account paypal controlled.
See also section on the responsibility of the user below.
Unless on specific instruction, the user may not use nor paypal attempting to use its account while this is suspended or closed.
User must ensure that all agreements with sellers or other third parties involving payments initiated by third parties (including payments with automatic debiting) set by his own account are now at the time of termination, suspension or cancelled close the account.
User is responsible under these conditions of use of all expenditure and other amounts incurred during the use of account at any time, regardless of termination, suspension or close the account.
Blocks, limitations and reserves
What are the blocks, the limitations and reserves?
Under certain circumstances, in order to protect the safety and integrity and paypal network of buyers and sellers using services paypal, could take measures at the level of paypal account or in the transaction.
If paypal decides to take any of the measures described in this document, generally will send the user a notification concerning the action taken, even if it may, within reason (for example, in the event of breach of these conditions of use or when is recommended for security reasons), to act without providing any notice to the user.
When requesting information in relation to a limitation, a block or a reserve account, please visit the centre resolutions or follow the directions in the mail notification on the limitation, to block or to the reserve.
User recognised and accepted that any amount blocked under these conditions of use should be included in its reserve account and to provide all information that may have got paypal to reasonably required to determine whether the risk no longer exists.
Blocks
Block is an action that may take in certain circumstances and paypal at transaction is at the level of account.
When paypal blocks the amount of a payment, money is not available either against the sender or the receiver.
Paypal examines many factors before block a payment, including: reputation of history, type of transactions account, society, past and general satisfaction customer disputes.
Some situations which lead to block payments paypal are those where has reason to believe that:
Transactions to be at high risk, namely when the transaction concerns the sale of goods or services which fall within a category high risk or when other facts known to increase the number of paypal may make requests, complaints or disputes or other chargeback when the sale concerns goods and services often involved in fraud or illegal activities.
There is a change of activity for the sale of sudden and abnormal an account holder paypal, with an increase in the number of chargeback, or on their own account transfers complaints received paypal.
A paypal account is used in connection with activities not allowed.
A paypal account transaction has been involved in or compromise financial data (bank account or stolen credit card) will be used to make payments or that a transaction has not been authorised properly.
A user tries to send or transfer money received fraudulently.
A user has not provided sufficient information to allow to verify its identity or that paypal of its activity and / or the history of transactions in the user will be limited. with paypal
Payment sent to the user as seller is contested as payment to be reversed and transfer.
A buyer has submitted a request for transfer, or under the complaint chargeback protection for a payment received by user purchases paypal.
Purchasers open a complaint pursuant to the procedure for resolving the marketplace.
There is a risk of transfer money in your behalf on the method of payment chosen.
There is a risk of accountability (a non-exhaustive list of examples of this risk is available in section actions that may take if the user paypal maintenance not permitted above).
Review payment
When identifies a potentially high risk, paypal the transaction is studying closely before approving it.
This procedure is implemented where paypal, at its discretion, reasonable has a reasonable suspicion it on account of the purchaser is used for activities not allowed or for other reasons.
Includes cases where there is a risk of incurring liabilities (a non-exhaustive list of examples of this risk is available in section actions that may take if the user has activities paypal not allowed above).
If a payment is subject to review, paypal may:
Run authorization sent by the buyer.
Limit, at its discretion, count of the entity immediately after the execution of the order. payer
Detaining payment.
Warn the recipient of delay delivery of article purchased through payment.
This may delay the acceptance of any article as buyer purchased by user.
If paypal allows the transaction will inform the seller of that decision and i invite to send the article.
If paypal does not authorise the transaction, it will be cancelled and the money will be returned to the user, unless paypal does not have the legal obligation to take other measures.
All payments which exceed the revision phase are also subject to transfer as provided for in these conditions of use, but may be fit for protection programme if it meets the requirements sales paypal.
Paypal notify user via email and / or in the section " history " of his account paypal.
The revised payment is payments only.
The review shall be carried out to reduce the likelihood that users are involved in transactions high-risk paypal.
Revision payment is not a control or a statement by paypal, activities or on the reputation of the trade of one of the parties involved in the payment transaction and should not be considered a lack of respect for any person.
Blocks from user input
Paypal some features may enable the user (either directly or through someone authorised to act on its behalf, as the basis for an online marketplace where the user makes sales transactions) to authorise to block his money paypal (including the proceeds payments received paypal) in its reserve account using.
Then user status paypal show availability of money stuck in its balance; the description of the state may vary depending on the function used by the user to instruct the blockade. paypal
Paypal unlocks the amount according to the instructions received by user (or entity that the user has authorised to act on its behalf), and in accordance with the rest of these conditions of use.
Restrictions account
Restrictions applied to protect paypal, buyers and sellers when not allowed greater activity paypal notes financial risk or activity apparently unusual or suspect.
Limitations help also to collect the data necessary to maintain paypal opened the account paypal user.
There are several reasons why the account of a user could apply the paypal restrictions, including cases where paypal has reason to believe that:
Someone is using the paypal account to user knowledge in which case the limitation is necessary for reasons of safety and to carry out an investigation into the alleged fraudulent activity.
Someone used paper or bank account user without his permission, for example, in cases where this situation is communicated to the bank or the offeree company paypal credit card or debt.
User violated these conditions of use or the rules on use permitted.
Performance user as indicate that your account is seller paypal at high risk.
Examples signals: poor performance sales arising from the unusually large number of complaints and sale of a product type; chargeback completely new or very expensive; rapid increase than usual sales volume.
There is a risk of accountability (a non-exhaustive list of examples of this risk is available in section actions that may take if the user paypal maintenance not permitted above).
Paypal may also limit the user's account in order to meet the paypal existing laws.
Before can remove user is a restriction must solve any problems encountered with its account.
In general, the limitation shall be removed after the user has provided the requested information.
If after receiving the information requested considers that there is still a risk, paypal it is possible that decides to take measures to protect itself, other users, third parties or user it by transfers, fees, penalties, criminal legal risk and / or any other regulatory and accountability.
Reserves
Paypal may apply a reserve on an account at any time if it considers that there is a high degree of risk associated with the user, to his account, to its business model or its transactions.
When applying a reserve to an account money on this account, paypal, in whole or in part, is not available for the transfer, to avoid the risk that any transactions user are reversed, and any other or cancelled risk related to your behalf and his using services paypal.
Paypal considering whether to enforce the decisions taken by a reserve depend on a number of factors, including the information made available to paypal from domestic sources or third parties.
Paypal takes into account a number of factors not exclusive and assess whether and how these factors have changed over time, including:
The years of the user.
If the area where the user is at high risk of chargeback.
History processing of payments of the user and other suppliers. with paypal
Reputation and / or the personal financial activities of the user.
The delivery timelines user.
If the user has a number of complaints made, or higher than disputes, chargeback average.
There are two types of reserves separately or accounts: paypal simultaneously applicable
" Reserve " renewable provides that a percentage of the amount of each transaction received a day is blocked and then later released by timetables laid down.
For example, the reserve may be fixed at 10 % and blocked for a period of 90 days, which means that 10 % of the money received the 1st is blocked and then to day 10 % 91st released money received on day 2 is blocked until day and so on. 92nd
Renewable reserve is the type of reserve more common.
" Minimum reserve " is a minimum amount specific user must keep available on its balance at any time.
The minimum reserve is retained as amount of the advance in one deposited (also called reserve forward) or dynamically shall be lodged, like the reserve renewable, and has a percentage of the amount of each sale until it reaches the minimum maturity.
If paypal apply a reserve in a paypal account, the money will be transferred to the reserve account user and will be " outstanding ".
User will receive a notification.
User will receive a notification although the type of reserve under amendment paypal to a change in its risk assessment.
User will, at its own expense, no further action reasonably required to fix a reserve or other forms of guarantee in a manner deemed appropriate by reasonably paypal.
This includes the subscription of all necessary documents and the registration of all forms of document reasonably required by to complete any form of guarantee. paypal
Troubleshooting
It is highly recommended a user to control regularly and carefully its account.
If the user is a problem...
If the user has reason to believe that there has been a problem with its account or services paypal, should proceed as follows:
1.
First of all identify the type of problem
Payment for automatic debiting unexpected
Here user has concluded a contract automatic debiting and a payment was sent by its account to another account paypal under that contract but:
User not had previously agreed with the recipient the exact amount of the payment.
The payment was higher than the user could reasonably expect to pay under the objections and the other previous circumstances.
Payment bad
Here payment sent by the account of users account has not happened as specified in paypal time of the request (e.g. amount wrong or late, wrong), or the payment recipient was received by the user.
Security problem / fraud
Unauthorised payment
Here payment was sent by your behalf without being authorized by the user or from a person to make payments on your behalf.
Other security problem / fraud
In this case it was another security problem or fraud type:
Was performed unauthorised access to your behalf.
Password or the pin user has been compromised.
A device used by the user to access services has been lost, stolen or paypal off.
Before paypal, quickly follow instructions contact in the section " as behaviour in case of security problems " of important information on payments and the service.
Other problems
Here occurred another type of problem with account user or services paypal which has not been mentioned above.
E.g. paypal may have made a mistake, real calculation or mathematician, account user paypal during a or a transfer of money from / revert to the account.
If purchase paid with not fulfilling the description or is not paypal received, the rules on protection could prevail over those described in paypal purchases this section.
See rules on the protection purchases to understand how these problems specific paypal.
2.
Inform paypal problem
Contact paypal as soon op for please report the problem (indicating the nature of this problem so that paypal can act as quickly as possible.
User should provide all the data on the circumstances of the problem that is reasonable request and take any action paypal indicated in order to facilitate surveys.
If user reports the problem voice, may request in writing paypal report it within the next 10 working days.
Paypal may to disclose information that he considers relevant in these circumstances, according to the provisions of privacy policy.
Paypal what will you do to help the user...
In accordance with the rest of these conditions of use, the intention is to examine the problem of paypal and cooperate with the user to resolve the matter within 60 days.
If the problem is:
Unexpected payment for a charge automatic within 10 working days of notification of the user, paypal:
Will the amount of the payment to the user.
Tell you why you can not make repayment.
Payment sent by mistake to another account paypal, paypal:
Will immediately to trace the payment and will inform the user of the result of research without any amount. addebitargli
Risarcirà soon user (and in any case not later than the end of the working day following the notification of the problem) with his account to the state it would have been if the payment was sent properly specified wrong by the sender.
This means that:
If payment bad led the user to have less money than would have been if the payment was made as ordered, paypal account the difference. accrediterà
If payment bad led the user to have more money than would have been where the payment was made as mentioned above, may charge on account of the difference. paypal
To make a rebate on your behalf for loss or damage directly reasonably expected caused by bad. and payment
Unauthorised payment to another account as soon as possible (paypal, paypal bring and in any case not later than the end of the working day following the notification of) the problem to the state in your behalf it would have been if the payment error had never happened.
This procedure may also provide for the repayment of the payment to the user.
Where paypal can not compensate the user...
As indicated above, the user is not entitled to any compensation from paypal and any compensation already made from must return (paypal may transfer from the account paypal user) if:
User not provides all the information reasonably required on paypal the circumstances of the problem (including the failure to provide written notification of the request within 10 working days from any reporting minutes of user's problem).
User not shall take all reasonable measures requested by supporting the investigation. paypal
Paypal can demonstrate that the user has acted fraudulently.
Paypal may show that the problem occurred for reasons outside its control (such as a fire, a flood or a loss of internet connection), despite reasonable measures had been taken.
Paypal has reason to believe that there is no problem with compensation to the user.
There was at least one of the following specific cases:
Payment for automatic debiting unexpected
Payment bad
Unauthorised payment
User reports the problem after more than eight weeks from the date of paypal execution of payment.
User authorised to carry out payment and details paypal of the council were made known to paypal at least four weeks before or the retailer of drawing up the payment.
User reports the problem after more than 13 months after the day of paypal execution of payment.
Paypal can demonstrate that the user has given details of payment incorrect.
Paypal may show that the payment was sent as and when required and specified by the buyer.
For some reason not attributable to the user had no balance paypal sufficient to complete the payment.
Paypal can demonstrate that its system was not working properly and that the user was aware of when he executed the transaction. disservice
Delay user considers to be the cause of a payment bad is actually due to the application by a block a restriction or paypal a reserve under these conditions of use.
User reports the problem after more than 13 months after the day of paypal execution of payment.
Paypal may show that the payment was made because the user hasn't protected safety of their account intentionally or through gross negligence (e.g. chose to share their id paypal, imprudentemente your password or its pin with other people).
Occurred another type of security problem / fraud the user hasn't reported to paypal.
Paypal risarcirà any unauthorised payment not made by the user's account before they have pointed out the problem.
Sometimes the problem could be found before by paypal.
To alert the user of a problem, that the messages using the centre paypal user can consult their own account. through access to
User act if it is necessary to urge the quickly, his speech paypal may also use other communication channels, for example the mail.
If a payment is made in error using the method of payment user, paypal may correct the error debiting or crediting the sum, as appropriate, on the method of payment of the appropriate user.
Complaints
Reporting disputes between the user and paypal on services paypal
Paypal contact to report any disputes between the user and concerning services paypal. paypal
In cases of dispute between the user and paypal, the objective of is to understand and resolve the problem of paypal user and, where we can find a satisfactory solution for the latter, provide a method and convenient for neutral quickly solve for the dispute.
If the user is not satisfied with the outcome of the complaint.
If, after having completed the procedure for conversion into the result of a complaint, dispute on services does not meet the user, the latter may paypal perform a further escalation of contacting question one of the following institutions:
European consumer centre (ecc-net).
Ecc-net for more information on and to know how to get in touch with them, please visit the website https: / / ec.europa.eu / info / live-work-travel-eu / consumers / / european-consumer-centres-network-ecc-net _ it resolve-your-consumer-complaint.
Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (cssf).
The cssf is the authority responsible for the prudential supervision of holdings in the financial sector in luxembourg, as paypal.
Cssf at: you can contact the 283, route d 'arlon L-1150 luxembourg.
Further information and advice on how to contact the cssf are available at http: / / www.cssf.lu or visiting the site online dispute resolution of the european union at http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr / main / index.cfm? = = en & lng event main.home2.show.
Conditions of use paypal
Other legal terms
Paypal and communication between user
Contact paypal
Paypal contact:
Paypal by post to write to headquarters (europe): paypal S.à r.l.
S.c.a et cie,, c / to: legal office, boulevard royal, luxembourg; or L-2449 22-24
Visit page where you can contact paypal:
Link " send us an email " is available to contact paypal; or online
Click the link " to display call our phone number and called paypal.
Alarms legal concerning these conditions of use should be sent to paypal by post.
User notifications
User accepts that paypal may send notifications or other information both on the websites of paypal (including the publication of information available only by making access to the account) or through email or mail guidelines present in the account or by telephone or via sms contattandolo.
Requires access to the internet and email accounts to receive communications and information relating to services paypal.
Except amendments to these conditions of use, this information is received within 24 hours following will see publication on sites or the sending via email. paypal
Notifications sent mail is received three working days after the shipment will see.
Paypal reserves the right to close the account paypal user if these withdraws its consent to receive electronic communications.
Reasons dissemination of actions paypal
Decisions paypal on blocks, restrictions, reserves and any other action indicated in these conditions of use, which restrict or extend access to user services, infrastructure, web sites, or software systems (including networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) owned or operated by or on behalf of paypal (including, for example, blocks, restrictions, suspensions, held and interruptions reserves) may be based on criteria confidential which are essential for risk management and protection of paypal and its customers and / or service providers.
Paypal can use its models risk-measurement and fraud to assess the risk associated with paypal account user.
Paypal may also be subject to restrictions imposed by legal or governmental authorities, that the user can not disclose certain information on its decisions.
Paypal has no obligation to disclose the user details of risk management or security procedures adopted.
Rights paypal
Guarantee
To ensure compliance with these conditions of use, the user gives the right of access to money legally paypal this on their own account to cover any amounts due to paypal.
In legal terms that power is defined hen and guarantee account user paypal.
Responsibility of the user
User is responsible for all transfers, the complaints, the tariffs, chargeback sanctions, penalties and other damage to paypal, users or third parties paypal caused or arising from the breach of these conditions of use and / or from the use of services, irrespective of their paypal termination, suspension or closure.
User undertakes to compensate paypal, third parties or interested users for all damage listed above.
Reimbursement in cases of liability user
User accepts that paypal demonstrates the balance of own accounts or he controlled, including costs, any amount tariffs or not, that the user must paypal or its subsidiaries, as indicated in section compensation and limitation of liability below (including, for example, the amounts relating to services provided by any of the subsidiaries).
In short, the right to compensation allows to deduct these charges, charges or paypal other amounts mentioned in this section the balance an account in the name of a user or by these paypal controlled.
If balance is not enough money to cover the responsibility of the user, paypal reserves the right to recover the amount due in whole or in part) (deducendolo by any payments received or the carried out on the account. refills
Alternatively, the user can accept to repay with other methods. paypal
Paypal may also recover amounts due to her through legal means, including, for example, the use of a debt collection agency.
Employment rights
If paypal transfers and payment sent by user invalidate a consignee (at the request of the user or not), user agrees to delegate to their rights as against the holder paypal and third parties related to payment and accepts that paypal, at its discretion, may make such rights to username.
In legal terms it is called " " or " allocation " a paypal subrogation rights as against the holder user and any third parties related to payment.
Exclusion of waiver
Paypal renounces to the fact that a claim against the user or third parties which have violated the obligations provided for in these conditions of use is not a waives the right to act in cases of violation occurring in the future.
User information
Paypal may require the user all information it deems reasonable to facilitate actions described in these conditions of use, in order to reduce the risk of fraud or to meet its legal obligations (including the anti-money laundering).
User is required to respond to such demands in a timely manner.
This may lead to the dispatch, at the expense of user, by fax, email or otherwise, of identification documents and information relating to finance and operations of the user (e.g. the operating budget and the most recent monthly summary of the activities).
Compensation and limitation of liability
In this section and section on " intellectual property ', use the term " paypal " to refer to paypal (europe) s. à r.l.
Et cie, s.c.a., the parent company paypal holdings, inc.,
Its subsidiaries and everyone who works for these or is authorised to act on their behalf.
Subsidiaries include each subsidiary of paypal, which is monitored or controlled paypal with paypal by the same entity.
Paypal persons working for or its subsidiaries or who are authorised to act on behalf of one or other include every official employee, executive officer, party to a joint venture, service provider and supplier paypal or its subsidiaries.
Compensation
User is required to make good for actions related to its own paypal paypal and use of services paypal.
User agrees to defend reimbursed and from any claim or request (manlevare paypal including the reasonable legal costs made or suffered by a third party) because of the following acts:
Breach of these conditions of use to the user.
Misuse services paypal by the user.
Any breach of law or the rights of third parties by the user.
Acts or omissions by third parties to which the user grants permission for the use of its account for access to websites or paypal, software and systems (including any networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) run by or on behalf of or paypal access to the services to paypal username.
Limitation of liability
Responsibility paypal is limited as regards the account of the user and its use paypal services paypal.
Paypal can not be considered in any way responsible for:
Loss direct or indirect profits.
Accidental damage, indirect or specific (including, for example, the damage arising from loss of data or commercial opportunities)
From or related to websites, software and systems (including any networks and servers used to provide services paypal) run by or on behalf of any service or to paypal, paypal conditions of use (present whatever the case, including the negligence), where permitted by existing laws.
Responsibility paypal against: user or any third party; is limited in any case the actual amount of direct damage (excluding loss of profits), direct where permitted by existing laws.
Also where permitted by existing laws paypal assumes no responsibility, and the user accepts did not consider responsible for any damage or loss paypal (including, for example, loss of money, intrinsic value, reputation, profits or other losses or damage, indirect or intangible special) arising directly or indirectly by consequenziali:
Use or inability to use by the user of websites, software and systems (including any networks and servers used to provide services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal or any service paypal.
Delays or disruption on websites, software, systems (including any networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal, and any service paypal.
Virus or other harmful gaining access to websites, installed software (including software and systems used for any networks and servers the provision of services operated by or on behalf of paypal), to any service or paypal paypal website or any linked to sites, the software service or services paypal.
Bug technical problems, errors or any inaccuracies on websites, software and systems (including any networks and servers used for the provision of services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal or any service paypal or included in the information and in graphs available.
Content, acts or omissions of third parties.
Suspension or another action in relation to the account of the user. paypal
Need user to practical content or behaviour, or lost business opportunities or inability to do business user as a result of changes to these conditions of use or the rules of paypal.
Absence of a guarantee
Paypal services are provided " in that state are " and without any guarantees, implicit or explicit legal.
Paypal declines expressly implied warranty of every:
Title
Merchantability
Fitness for a specific purpose
Not violation
Paypal does not control products or services provided by sellers who accept as a method of payment and paypal can not guarantee that a buyer or a seller in trade relations with the user will complete the transaction or is authorised to do so.
Paypal does not guarantee the continuous access to any part of the services or continuous safe paypal.
Use websites, software and systems (including any networks and servers used to provide services paypal) run by or on behalf of paypal may be hampered by several factors outside the control of paypal.
Paypal will do everything possible to ensure the timely processing of claims relating to debit and credit electronic transactions involving bank accounts, credit cards, debit cards and emissions allowances, but does not issue statements or paypal guarantees on the time needed to complete the preparation, since services depend on many factors outside its control, such as delays in the banking system or in international postal service.
Countries do not allow the exclusion of implied guarantees, so their previous statements not might not be applicable responsibility to the user.
Paypal can not guarantee the accuracy of the information contained in the correspondence in report, on the website and communications reports by administrators, officials and paypal staff paypal right across the board and circumstances, and the user should not rely on them.
User is required to verify carefully its correspondence and communicate promptly paypal any unusual circumstances or events does not comply with instructions.
Exemption from responsibility paypal
In cases of dispute between the user and another an account holder paypal, user from any liability relating to: paypal exempts
Complaints
Requests
Damage (actual and indirect)
Of all types and known and unknown arising from nature, or in any way related to this dispute.
Accepting this exemption from responsibility, the user to every protection that expressly renounces would limit the scope, except those for only complaints of which the user knows or suspects are in their favour at the time of acceptance of relief.
Only user (not) is responsible for the understanding and paypal respecting all the laws, rules and regulations that may be applicable in its jurisdiction as regards the use of services (including, for example paypal, regulated activities, activities subject to licence, export activity or import, taxes or transactions in foreign currency.
Intellectual property
Marks paypal
" Paypal.com ", " " and all the logos relating to paypal services are trademarks or registered trade marks of paypal paypal or its licensees.
User copiarli is prohibited, without the prior use, modify or imitate them written consent paypal.
Also all page headers, graphics, custom icons buttons and scripts are marks of services, trademarks and / or features image of paypal.
User copiarli is prohibited, without the prior use, modify or imitate them written consent paypal.
User may use the logos html provided by in order to direct traffic paypal web services to paypal.
User is not allowed to make any alteration, modify or change the logos, and can not use it html derogatory against " and " paypal services or show them so as to suggest the paypal sponsorship or approval by paypal.
All rights, licences and interest on and in respect of websites paypal, whatever their content, services, technology of these services and paypal of all the technologies and the content created or arising from as mentioned above are exclusive paypal and its licensees.
Concessions licence in general
User using a software paypal, for example, a toolkit for developers api or another software application, which might include software provided by our service providers or integrated with the software, systems or services suppliers, which has the same or at which has otherwise had access downloaded via a web-based platform or mobile, grants a licence, limited access paypal non-exclusive non-assignable in, non-transferable and unpaid sublicenza for access and / or use the software paypal according to the documentation accompanying that software.
This licensing shall apply to software and all updates, the upgrades, new versions and software replacement.
User can not grant or transfer otherwise rented to third parties its rights with regard to software.
User shall meet the requirements of implementation, access and use contained in the documentation accompanying services paypal.
If non-compliance implementation, access and use, the user will be responsible for all damage caused to himself or to third parties. to paypal
Paypal may defer or abandon the use of any software prior notification to the user.
Although paypal may (1) incorporate certain materials and technologies third-party web application or in any other application software, including his own, and / or (2) access to certain materials and technologies to third parties and use them to facilitate the provision of services, for the right or on these paypal materials third-party has not been granted to the user, which can not therefore enjoy.
User agrees not to change, repair, copy, play, tamper with it and adapt, view, publish, translate, disassembling, decoding or otherwise try to create decompilare source code derived from software or other material or technology third parties, or otherwise to create derivative works of any software or material or technology from third parties.
User acknowledges that all rights, securities and interest to software paypal are owned by third-party in any material and paypal integrated it is owned by outside service providers of paypal.
Any 3rd-party software application used by the user on the websites of paypal is subject to licence signed between the user and the third party which provided the software.
User accepts that does not have, checks or take paypal any responsibility for any applications 3rd-party software user chooses to use on sites, software and / or in connection with services paypal.
Licensing user to paypal and guarantees on intellectual property
Paypal claims ownership of content and not given by the user, charge, control or send to paypal.
Similarly paypal, the ownership of content is not demanding hosted on websites or applications using third services to provide payment services related to paypal contents of the user.
Notwithstanding paragraph after provides content companies or public services through paypal content, user gives paypal paypal (and the third parties involved with a non-exclusive licence, irrevocable paypal), free of charge, transferable and valid throughout the world for the use of their content and rights associated advertising and intellectual property to help us improve, manage and promote services current and develop them paypal.
Paypal does not match the user any remuneration for its content.
User accepts that the use of its content by intellectual property rights does not violate any paypal or advertising.
Also user recognizes and guarantees exhibits or otherwise control all the rights of content provided, agreed to waive the rights and moral undertakes not to demand them against paypal.
Licensing by vendors to paypal
Notwithstanding reported in the previous paragraph, as vendor using services to accept payments for goods and services paypal, during the entire period of validity of these conditions of use, the user gives the right valid worldwide paypal non-exclusive, transferable transferable in (different levels), via sublicenza free and fully paid, and to use their own brand or public display their own brands (including, for example, trademarks and not trade names, trademarks, logos, names of service and other domains owned, or licensed designations used by user) (1) in order to identify the user as accepting dealer services as a form of payment and paypal (2) for any other use to which the user explicitly agrees.
Various
Allocation
User may not transfer or assign any right or obligation under the present conditions of use without the prior written consent of paypal.
Paypal may transfer or assign these conditions of use or any rights or obligations arising therefrom at any time.
Applicable law
These in-use and relations between paypal and user are governed by the laws of england and wales.
However, where the user is a consumer, there is nothing in these conditions of use the safeguards guaranteed by the mandatory provisions of would deprive italian law (in particular those relating to consumer rights).
Any paypal and vendors resulting from complaints between or associated with these conditions of use or the provision of services and not otherwise, will be submitted solvable paypal jurisdiction not exclusive of the english courts and welsh, without prejudice to the right of sellers to institute proceedings against paypal at a competent court in luxembourg.
Above paypal does not affect the right of the court competent italian asking issuing a decree for the recovery of charges payable by ingiuntivo sellers.
With reference to the disputes with consumers, apply the legislation not on jurisdiction and the applicable law. derogabile
The forum's place of residence or domicile of the consumer is competent complaints involving consumers.
Privacy
Paypal protecting privacy is very important for the user.
To better understand the commitment to protect the privacy of the user, paypal and arrangements for the dissemination and use paypal respects data user, see the declaration on privacy.
The translation and conditions of use
Paypal communicate with the user only in italian.
These conditions of use are stipulated only in italian.
Any translation of these conditions of use shall be provided exclusively for reasons of practicality and is not intended to amend the terms of the document.
Use user (as seller) of personal data and laws on data protection
User (as seller) receives personal data concerning a customer must keep them and use them exclusively reserved paypal in relation to services paypal.
User may not divulge to third parties or distribute personal data of customers or use them for marketing purposes paypal unless the parties do not give their express consent.
User can not send email adverse to a client or use services to collect paypal paypal for sending assistance payments or to send email undesirable to third parties.
Insofar user is personal data customer paypal under these conditions of use, the user and paypal hold of data processing (instead of self-employed), i.e. each of them will lead to joint proprietors separately the purposes and means of processing of such personal data.
User paypal and agree to act in accordance with the legal requirements existing in the field of privacy and data protection, including rules, directives and codes of conduct and regulatory requirements applicable to holders of data processing in relation to these conditions of use.
User paypal and have and take hold as laid down by their statements on privacy, communications, rules and procedures laid down in respect of personal data processed independently user and paypal relating to these conditions of use.
In accordance with the laws in force concerning data protection, user and paypal shall undertake to:
Adopt and manage all safety measures in relation to the processing of such personal data.
Keep track of all the processing activities carried out under the present conditions of use; and
Not make or allow it to be carried out, knowingly or intentionally, any action which could involve the other party in a violation of applicable laws on data protection.
Personal data collected by the user on services (not collected or paypal generated obtained user otherwise through a separate report with the client who is not related to the use of services will be used only user paypal) insofar as is necessary and relevant services paypal for any other purposes, and unless the customer has not provided the user the prior explicit consent.
Conditions of use and complete third-party rights
These conditions of use are the whole agreement that exists between the user and service paypal. on paypal
If any provision in these conditions of use should be considered invalid or not applicable, this provision will be deleted and the remaining provisions will continue to apply.
Under contracts (rights of third parties) act 1999 in the united kingdom, an entity that is not one of the parties bound by these conditions of use does not have the right to invoke and apply the terms of those (except for the third parties that fall within the definition of " paypal " under section compensation and limitation of liability referred to above, to their rights under these conditions of use), but this does not affect any right or remedy third exist or are available regardless of contracts act.
Paypal as access method
Paypal may allow the user to perform the authentication for access to certain websites paypal external or app for mobile devices.
To this end, the rule of access may share paypal user with a third party, to allow him to access in this way, in addition to providing personal data and other data account user accepts to share to be recognised by the third party.
Paypal does not grant to the third part access to the account user and make payments from your behalf to the third part only on specific education and authorisation user.
User allows visitors to authenticate via paypal when entering the its website, its app or its account, must accept all the specific terms applicable when this functionality is made available to it and shall comply with any requirements included in the guidelines or in the manual integration.
Paypal does not guarantee or in any way confirm the identity of those who choose to use this method of access.
Paypal does not share with the user personal data or other data of account (i.e. the state access) which has taken unless won the consent to divulgarli.
Corporate customers
When it refers to the " " in this section means the Psd2 second eu directive on payment services (.) (eu) 2015/2366
Paypal considers user " corporate customer " if on the date of signing of these conditions of use, it is not:
A consumer (i.e. a person who is acting for purposes other than trade, occupational).
A micro-enterprise (i.e. a company with less than 10 employees and an annual budget that shall not exceed eur 2 million).
If the user is a corporate customer, paypal may not apply against him certain provisions of directive Psd2 for the use of services paypal.
If the user is a corporate customer:
Is not entitled to refunds for payments with automatic debiting.
When identifies a problem, has up to 60 (sixty) days after occurred to report him to paypal, then it will have no obligation to paypal look into the matter and issue a refund.
Paypal shall not be obliged to comply with the requirements set out in title iii of directive and equivalent in any application of Psd2 in member states of the european economic area Psd2, which may be applicable to the user (" "). lost Psd2
Articles 72 and 89 of the directive and the equivalent provisions in transposition of Psd2 Psd2 do not apply to use of the service by the user, or even paypal in cases where these conditions of use may indicate otherwise, paypal wasn't responsible for loss or damage that the user may be under those articles and provisions.
Numbers (and defined
If documents (e.g., terms and conditions) refer to section numbers or the terms defined in these conditions of use, see the notes reference conditions of use to identify the relevant provision or definition.
