Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20170330202532 / https: / / www.spotify.com / en / / legal end-user-agreement /
Terms and conditions of use of that
In force from 1 november 2016
1 introduction
2 change agreements
Use of that
4 rights recognised by users that
5 third-party applications
6 user-generated content
7 rights recognised by users to that
8 guidelines for users
9 violation and reporting contained user
10 restrictions and changes in service
11 account marks
12 community support that
13 customer care
14 exports controls
15 payments, write-offs and revisions
16 term and cancellation
17 guarantee and disregard for responsibility
18 limitations
19 rights third-party
20 full agreement
21 separability and derogabilità
22 allocation
23 compensation
24 choice of jurisdiction, and compulsory arbitration court
25 contacts
Good morning and welcome in our terms and conditions of use.
These are an important part that concerns the legal rights of users, therefore read this section carefully, our privacy policy and the other terms referenziati in this document.
Hopefully be sitting comfortably music to listen.
We...
1 introduction
Spotify thanks for pickin ' (", " " we, " " spotify our ").
Abbonandovi or otherwise using service, spotify websites and software applications (collectively " service " or the " service ") that, or gaining access to any material content or made available by the service (the " content through spotify "), the user shall sign a contract binding with the entity at the end of this document. that indicated
Service that includes the community support, as further detailed in spotify support spotify. sezionecomunità
Service that includes social and interactive function.
The use of the service that is based on certain technical requirements.
The agreement between us and users includes these terms and conditions of use (" the words ") and our privacy policy.
Words privacy policy and any additional terms accepted by as set out in section whole user with the term " agreement being indicated collectively. " agreements
If it is felt consult the terms of agreements, their current version is available on the website of that.
User acknowledges having read, understood and accepted the agreements, and agree to be bound.
If there is (or is not achievable) accept agreements, the user should not use the service nor its content. that
Read agreements carefully.
Agreements concern important information services provided and possible costs, taxes and that the user fees charged by that.
Agreements contain information on future changes to agreements, export controls, automatic limitations of responsibility, renewals information, a privacy waives the right of class actions and the settlement of disputes by arbitration instead of a court.
Any information provided by users during the subscriptions are taken out can be corrected during that process back to previous and modifying the misinformation. screenshots
In order to use the service to access content, it is necessary that (1) have 18 years or more, or having 13 years or more and provide the consent of a parent or guardian agreements (except where otherwise specified in the table below), (2) have the authority to sign a binding contract with us and not be excluded from doing so under the existing laws and (3) be resident in a country where the service is available.
User undertakes to provide that information for registration, accurate and complete, true and agrees to maintain them in that state. always
Residents of the following countries should consult the age restrictions specific of their country in the table:
Country age requirements
Chile, ecuador, paraguay, peru you need to have 18 years or more, or having 15 years or more and have the consent of a parent or guardian.
Brazil requires 18 years or more, or having 16 years or more and have the consent of a parent or guardian.
Nicaragua taiwan, you need to have 20 years or more, or having 13 years or more and have the consensus a parent or guardian.
Bulgaria, hungary, germany is to have 18 years or more, or having 14 years or over and be endorsed by a parent or guardian.
Italy to use the service charge you need to have 13 years or more.
To subscribe for pay, you need to have a subscription or have 18 years or more or more and have 13 years consensus a parent or guardian that sign the contract on behalf of the child.
Malaysia requires 18 years or more, or if aged between 13 and 18 years would require the consent of a parent or guardian to sign the agreement on behalf of the child.
Lithuania to use the service you need to have 13 years or more.
To join a subscription to payment you need to have 18 years or more, or having 14 years or over and be endorsed by a parent or guardian.
For users aged 13 and 18 years, the agreement is signed by the guardian.
Canada to use the service you need to have 13 years or more.
To join a subscription to payment is necessary to be in their own territory province of residence / adult or have 13 years or more and have the consent of a parent or guardian.
Spain to use the service charge you need to have 14 years or over.
To subscribe for pay, you need to have a subscription or have 18 years or over 14 years or over and have a parent or guardian consensus that endorses the contract on behalf of the child.
2 change agreements
Spotify may make amendments agreements and occasionally at their own discretion.
Where material changes to agreements, spotify users inform as appropriate according to the circumstances, for example within the important releases viewing service or by sending an e-mail.
Spotify will in some cases users in advance and the continuation of the use of the service after the implementation of changes will be the acceptance of an amendment by users.
Therefore please to read any communication of this kind.
Not where you wish to continue to use the service in accordance with the new version of the agreements, it is possible to conclude agreements in the form of contact contattandoci customer service.
Use of that
Here are some information on ways in which you can use. that
3.1 our services and subscriptions to payment
Spotify provides services streaming offering a selection of music and other content.
Spotify some services are provided free of charge.
Other services require to make payments before spotify access to them.
Currently services spotify that you can access after payment are referred to as " services " and " services " premium " subscriptions to the unlimited (overall payments ').
Currently services that requiring no payment shall be indicated " free services. "
To learn more about our services, visit our website.
Services unlimited may not be available to all users.
Spotify specify which are available at the time of signing of the subscription services.
In case of cancellation or interruption of a subscription services (for example, a change of unlimited payments data), you may not be able to activate the subscription concerned. again
Note services unlimited may be interrupted where it is not possible to user. addebitarli
User living in turkey, access to free services could be limited to a specific number of hours listening per month.
3.2 codes and other offers prepaid
For users who purchased or received a code, a charter, an offer prepaid or another gift provided or offer sold by or on behalf of spotify for access to a subscription for payment (" code '), to the access to the service may apply the terms and conditions separate presented together with the code, and users agree to adhere to such terms and conditions.
3.3 periods test
Spotify occasionally, or other companies operating on our behalf may offer periods test subscriptions paid for a specific period free of charge or at a reduced fee (" probationary period ").
Spotify reserves the right to establish at their absolute discretion, the ability of a user to a trial period and in accordance with the laws in force, to withdraw or amend at any time a probationary period without any previous communication and without responsibility, within the limits maximum permitted by law.
For certain periods test to provide data payment requires that to give you start.
After these periods test, we can make the charging of subscriptions to start automatically applicable to payment from the first day after the end of the probationary period, with repeated every month. debit
Providing their extreme payment at the beginning of the probationary period, the user accepts this charge through these reference.
Where user does not wish to accept the debit, he must cancel the subscription to payment through the page applicable your account that or subscription finish your account spotify before the end of the probationary period.
If does not wish to continue to receive objections, the user must cancel the regular monthly subscriptions to payment through the applicable page your account subscription, or your account that spotify finish before the end of month period in question.
Subscription payment can not be completed before the end of the period already paid and, unless expressly provided for in these terms, will not cost any money in advance. that
The limitation section defines the terms for the cancellation of a subscription to additional payment.
4 rights recognised by users that
Service spotify and its contents are owned by spotify or its licenzianti.
Spotify gives users a licence limited non-exclusive and for the use of the service, that access and a limited non-exclusive licence and for use personal, non-commercial revocable and for purposes of entertainment content (the " license ").
This licence shall remain in force until its end and unless ended by the user or from that.
User promises and agrees to use the contents only for personal use non-commercial and entertainment purposes, and not the service or the spotify nor will ridistribuirà content.
Applications spotify software and content are granted under the user, not sold, and and its spotify retain ownership of all licenzianti copies of software applications and content, even after the spotify installation on personal computers, tablet handheld devices such and / or other user (" devices " similar gear).
All trademarks registered, marks service, trade names, the logos, the domain names and any other function of the " characteristics of the mark spotify " (that) are exclusive properties of spotify or its licenzianti.
Agreements do not grant the user the right to use any of the spotify uses commercial or non-commercial.
User agrees to respect our guidelines for users and not to use the service, the contents or parts spotify in any way not expressly allowed by the agreements.
Except rights expressly granted under these agreements, the user does not grant any rights, the user that title or interest on service or contained. that
The 3rd-party software (e.g. libraries open-source software) included in service is granted under the user spotify under agreements or the terms of library software license of part three relevant, as published in the guide or in section settings of our computer software desktop client and furniture and / or on our website.
5 third-party applications
Service spotify is integrated with third-party applications, websites and services (" third-party applications ") to make available content, products and / or services to users.
These third-party applications may have their own terms and conditions of use and information privacy, and their use by the user will be regulated by and subject to such terms and conditions and information on privacy.
User understands and accepts that spotify does not promote and is not responsible for conduct function or third-party content of any application or any transaction which can be signed with the supplier of such third-party applications.
6 user-generated content
Users spotify may publish load and / or contribute with (" publish "), including for example contained in the service, text, images, information, in the form of messages compilation and / or other types of playlist content (user). " " content
To dispel any possible doubt, the term " content " includes any user content published in community support, as well as any other part of spotify service that.
With regard to content published on user, user guarantees (1 spotify) have the right to publish the contents and (2) this user content or his user use by spotify agreements, does not violate agreements as covered, existing laws or intellectual property (including, without limitation copyrights) publicly or, or other rights of other people personally or entail any inclusion in or sponsorship of its content by user or user of or any artist, rock band that tag, entity or natural person without the prior written consent of that person or entity.
Spotify may, but without any obligation in this respect, monitoring, revise or amend the content).
In any case, that reserves the right to remove or deactivate access to any user content, with or without reason, including in the form to the content not restricted user sole discretion, violate agreements of that.
Spotify may take such action without prior notification to users or third parties.
Removal or decommissioning of access to content needs to be at the sole discretion of that user and not to remove or off access to promise any specific content).
User alone is responsible for each user content he published.
Spotify shall not be liable content and promotes opinion contained in any user any content).
Where someone present a complaint against in relation to a user published contents that user accepts, within the limits allowed by local law, and immune from and believe that compensate relation to all damages, losses and the cost of any kind (including reasonable fees and legal expenses) arising from the complaint.
7 rights recognised by users to that
In view of the rights granted under the agreements, the user gives us the right to (1) enable the service to use processor, spotify bandwidth and hardware storage device on to facilitate the operation of the service, (2) give publicity and other information to users, and (3) allow our trading partners to do the same.
Under service, content displayed by the user, spotify including selection and positioning, may be influenced by commercial considerations, including any agreements with third parties.
Points licensed or provided to spotify (e.g. podcasts) may include advertisements as part of the contents.
In such cases, that will these content available to users without any modifications.
If provides feedback, ideas or suggestions in report that service or the content (feedback spotify), user acknowledges that this feedback is not reserved and allows to use it without any restriction that nor any payment for the user.
Feedback is considered a type of content).
User gives that a licence not exclusive transferable without royalties, perpetuates (or subappaltabile in jurisdictions where this is not possible for a period equal to the length of the agreements more twenty years), fully paid and irrevocable, worldwide to use good play, make available to the public (e.g. for an exhibition or an exhibition), to publish, modify create works derived from translate and distribute any content in relation to the user and service by any means, either alone or in combination with other materials, or contained in any way and by any means, method or technology, it is known that created later.
Over rights here specifically user maintains ownership of granted all rights, including intellectual property rights relating to content).
Where applicable and permitted by law with user also accepts to abandon any " moral rights " (or equivalent under the existing law) as its right to be identified as author of any content, including user feedback and right to oppose treatment of such content user exceptional.
8 guidelines for users
That respects the intellectual property rights and expects that users do the same.
Spotify decided a few basic rules that users must follow when using the service to ensure that remains a product by spotify. all usufruibile
Please follow these rules and to encourage other users to follow suit.
The following is not allowed under any circumstances:
Copy redistributing, play, " " record, transfer, extract carried out or in public, show transmit or make available to the public any part of the service or the content, or alternatively that make any use of the service or not expressly spotify content allowed under agreements or the relevant law, or which otherwise infringes the intellectual property rights (such as the copyright) service, or any side and spotify content
Spotify use the service to import or copying files that you don't have the local legal rights needed to do so in this way.
Transfer copies of content present in by a device to any other authorised cache device by any means;
Execute reverse engineering, amend or create work decompilare disassembling derived based on service, or any of their content, that unless allowed by law;
Circumvent any technology used by, its licenzianti or other spotify in order to protect third parties content or service;
Sell hire, subcontract or leased part of the service that any grant or content.
Circumvent any territorial restrictions applied by or its licenzianti; that
Increase artificially count reproduction, or in any other way to handle the services by script or other processes automated;
Copyright trademarks, remove or edit or other indications intellectual property contained in or provided through the service (including in order to conceal or that affect any property or from any indications content);
Provide your password to other people, or using username and password of other people;
Execute " crawling " within the service, or use other means that automated (including bots, and to gather information from) scraper spider; or that
Sell playlist, or user account or otherwise of a financial nature or accept any recompense other having the influence the name of an account or a playlist or content included in an account or a playlist.
Please respect, owners of content and other spotify service users that.
Not engaging in activities, publish and / or use user content or record a user name which is or includes material:
Offensive derogatory defamatory, pornographic or threatening obscene.
Illegal or designed to promote or illegally of any kind, including as not restricted the violation of intellectual property rights, rights to privacy or exclusive rights of spotify or third parties;
Deliberately containing your password, the password for another user or personal data third-party, or designed to urge the granting of such personal data;
Malignant malware, as trojan horses or viruses, or otherwise that interfere with users ' access to the service;
Designed or capable of causing disease or harassment to other users;
Able pretending or his affiliation with other users, distort the persons or entities, or otherwise fraudulent, false, misleading or misleading;
Using automated means to promote an artificial content;
Involving transmission of messages mass not required or other forms of spam (), " spam " junk, chains messages or similar including through the input of that box.
Involving business or sale, as advertising, promotion, competitions, lotteries, or arrangements, which are not expressly pyramid authorised by that.
Linking refer or otherwise, promote products or services, except where expressly authorised by spotify trade;
That interfere with or stop in any way the service, or attempt to tamper with it violate that explore, or testing of the vulnerability to service or the computer systems or the network of, the rules for using spotify or any other component security measure authentication or other protective measures of applicable to service, or any content that their part; or
Causing conflicts with the agreements, as determined by that.
User understands and accepts that the publication of this user content may result in the closure or the immediate suspension of its account that.
User also accepts that can draw your user name for that any reason.
Please be careful the way in which is used and what we endorse that service.
Service spotify includes social function, including the ability to and interactive content user, sharing content and publish make public certain personal information.
Please remember that the information shared or may be used publicly available or by other users on spotify or elsewhere ricondivise, so please use the web with caution and be careful with that your account settings.
Spotify has no responsibility on the decision to publish material on user service.
Password protects the user account, and the user is the only responsible for its conservation as confidential and secure.
User includes to be responsible for any use of your username and password of its within the service.
If theft or loss of username or password, or if it is considered that there were unauthorised access to your account by third parties, please communicate it immediately and to amend its password as soon as possible.
9 violation and reporting contained user
That respects the rights of owners of intellectual property.
Content violates if you believe that their intellectual property rights or other rights, consult the policy on copyright that.
If it is informed by a holder of a copyright violation by a copyright content, that he will speak at their absolute discretion without prior communication to the supplier of such content.
If it considers that the content in question does not cause any breach, the provider can make a to with a request to restore contronotifica spotify content removed.
If you think that content does not meet the guidelines for users, please complete our reporting form.
10 restrictions and changes in service
Spotify reasonable efforts to maintain operational service will spotify.
But from time to time certain technical difficulties or maintenance may cause temporary breaks.
Within statutory force, spotify reserves the right to alter or stop, periodically and at any time, and on a temporary or permanent, functions and function of the service, with or without notice and without that any liability towards users unless prohibited by law to any interruption, modifications or service or other deaths that functions or function related.
Notwithstanding above, if the user has fees advances for subscriptions to continued permanently from that payment before the end of early period (as defined in section payments, and revisions) after such closure write-offs user fees will spotify advance for the period prepaid.
User understands and accepts that we take no obligation to maintain that support, improve, or update the or to provide service specific content through the service.
This section will be applied within the maximum limits laid down by law.
From time to time, and / or owners of content that can remove such content without notice within the limits set by the existing law.
11 account marks
Where user creates an account on behalf of a company, organisation spotify, entity or a " mark and the mark (" account account mark "), the words " user " and " user " used under agreements apply both to the user that a trade mark, as applicable.
When create an account of the mark, the user and ensures being authorised to grant guarantees all authorisations and licences provided agreements and bind the mark in compliance with the agreements.
11.1 followed
Mark may follow only users which in turn are first the mark; and the mark can not take any action involving a sponsorship or other relationship between mark and followed unless the user has obtained mark independently rights which allow sponsorship.
Mark must cease to follow a user on request and at his sole discretion spotify.
11.2 listening
No mark may spread through streaming media.
11.3 posting messages
The label may send messages to users who first only the send messages.
11.4 playlist and sharing of the
No mark may create or share, both within the service and elsewhere, of that spotify containing a playlist or another sponsorship relationship between the mark and any artist or other side, except where the mark has obtained independently royalties on sponsorship.
For information, and the marks may consult the guidelines for the playlist marks spotify.
12 community support that
The support is a place where it is possible that debate and exchanging information, tips and other materials associated with the service that.
In order to use the community support, the user must (1) that have an account; and (2) that existing authenticate your account for use in the community support that (a " account supportive "). that
Instructions on how to create an account support is available on the registration of that community.
In addition to the agreements, in use community support spotify user to comply with the guidelines also accepts the community support given at the time of registration (that the guidelines of the community support).
Where does not accept agreements or guidelines community support user should not use the community support that.
12.1 account support that
By creating an account supportive, user confirmed that the information that registration provided spotify are true, accurate and complete, and undertakes to adapt this information in order to keep them up to date.
Is strictly prohibited include in its profile information to suggest that the user is an employee or a moderator of, or otherwise such employee impersonate spotify during use community or moderator spotify support.
User understands and accepts also that will remove your name or to draw that user at any time where, at its absolute discretion, that it considers appropriate.
12.2 no support.
No content user or other published in community support from spotify content and / or representatives of employees, moderators that should be considered official support material provided by that.
For further information on official support, see the section customer care.
Content supplied or made available to the user on the community support to employees, and / or moderators that representatives are provided as " " spotify and without any kind of guarantee.
User acknowledges that the opinions expressed in user community support on content are exclusively those of the authors of this that content and do not correspond to the views or user policies or any official of that shareholder, employees, officer, director, branch or subsidiary, supplier licensor.
12.3 programme compensation
The community support has a system of compensation that which may, at his sole discretion, that reward users according to the amount of " " or the quality of answers received kudo collections.
User agreed to grant kudo (and not only to other users himself) and only when, and earned refrain from any attempt to manipulate the system of fees, for example through the creation of more account or artificial answers.
User accepts as final and binding decisions that on any reward.
13 customer care
For assistance on questions concerning account and customers (" payments required by customer care "), please send a note to our office customer care in the form of contact with the customer service in this section information on the company of our website.
Spotify will make every attempt to respond to all reasonable requests sent to the customer care within a reasonable period of time, but does not in any way that requests assistance customers can receive a response in a particular period of time and / or that it is possible to respond satisfactorily.
14 exports controls
Products that may be subject to the laws and the us regulations on the control of export and re-export or similar laws in force other jurisdictions, including rules export (" ') of ear regulation administration department of commerce us, the penalties provided for in economic and trade office of foreign assets control (" ") of the treasury department uses OFAC and standards in international traffic regulations (" ") of arms ITAR u.s. state department.
User confirmation of (1) not be located in cuba and iran, north korea, sudan and syria; and (2) not be subject to some sanctions as specified in the regulations listed above.
User agrees to comply with all the laws and regulations in force concerning export and re-export, including rules ear, trade and economic sanctions laid down by the rules and OFAC ITAR.
Particularly user agrees not to sell, export, re-export, transfer or otherwise, have deviate directly or indirectly, of products, software or technology (including products derived from or based on these technologies) received from under agreements to any destination that entity or person excluded, under laws or regulations are of united states or other jurisdiction without the prior permission of the competent authorities, as required by the laws and regulations.
This clause on export controls will remain in force even if concluded or cancellation of the agreements.
15 payments, write-offs and revisions
Subscription payments may be purchased directly from or through a third party, spotify such as a telephone company, is (1) paying a subscription monthly; or (2) by advance payment for access to the service that for a specific period of time (" period "). early
When buying a subscription to payment with a code, the subscription period at the end of early will automatically end, or if a balance insufficient to pay the advance service.
When registers for a subscription for payment, a probationary period or a code online user accepts to obtain immediate access to spotify premium.
If situated outside the united states, and there is for a subscription to online payment or a code user may withdraw from the agreement, with or without reason, and receive the full reimbursement of the paid within fourteen (14) days from the day on which triggered the service (' reflection period ').
Repayments however, will not be granted where the user has used at any time during the spotify reflection period.
Unless subscription to payment was purchased as before, the payment made in that period (or to the third part through which was purchased subscription to payment, for example, a telephone company) will be automatically renewed at the end of period of subscription, unless the user cancel my subscription to payment by the dedicated place before the end of the period of subscription under way.
Cancellation will value from the day following the last day of the period of subscription and user entered the current level of service charge.
Spotify but not any licence fees already paid where will user cancel its payment or subscriptions to payment and / or terms one of the agreements (1) after having used during the period of reflection, spotify (2) after the end of the reflection period (if applicable) or (3) before the end of the period of subscription under way.
Method repayment will depend on the method used for the payment.
To receive the full reimbursement of the paid before the end of the reflection period, the user must contact the customer care.
If bought the subscription to payment through a third party, the user is also subject to terms contained in the agreement with the third party (in addition to these terms).
Subscription to cancel the user should apply directly to the third party.
From time to time, that can adjust the price subscriptions to payment period advance (for periods not yet paid) or codes and transmit in advance any changes in price and, where relevant, how can we accept these changes.
Price variations for subscription payment will effect from subscription contract period following the date of change.
Where authorised by local law, continuing to use the service that after the entry into force of the price change, user accepts the new price.
If decides not to accept the price change, the user has the right to cancelling their subscription service that reject it before that change enters into force.
Therefore please to read any communication relating to price changes.
16 term and cancellation
Agreements will remain in force until will be finished by user, or from that.
However, the user understands and accepts that the licence granted with regard to content perpetuates, including the user feedback, is irrevocable and will therefore continue even after the date or time limit for any reason agreements.
Spotify agreements may be terminated or suspend access to the service by the user at any time spotify, including in the case of unauthorised use actual or alleged service and / or the contents or spotify non-observance of the agreements.
If user or to terminate agreements, or where that that access to stop service by the user, such that accepts that spotify will not have any responsibility toward you and that any amount already paid by the user will not, in the maximum permitted under the existing law.
For information on the closure of the accounts, it is possible using the form that contact us contact details of customer service in this page information on the company.
This section will be applied within the maximum limits laid down by law.
User agreements may be terminated at any time.
That date sections 6, 7, 8 might survive, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24 here reported and any other section agreements, is explicitly that by its very nature, must remain in force even after the end of the agreements.
17 guarantee and disregard for responsibility
Spotify seeks to provide the best possible service, but the user understands and accepts that the service is provided as " " spotify " and " without any guarantee as available or condition explicit or implicit of any kind.
User uses the service spotify at their own risk.
In limits under the existing law and spotify all owners of contents provide no insurance and deny any guarantee or general quality satisfactory, fitness for a particular purpose merchantability or not violation.
Spotify owners and content do not guarantee whatsoever that the service has no spotify or other components malware.
Spotify also provides no insurance and does not guarantee, claims or assumes responsibility of any application of third parties (or its content) content or other goods or services advertised or user offered by third parties on or through the service or a website linked by spotify hyperlink or presented in a banner or other advertising.
User understands and accepts that spotify is not responsible for any transaction between users and suppliers of third parties or third-party applications products or services advertised on or through the service that.
As for any purchase of goods or services by any means or in any environment, the user must use its judgement to exercise caution where appropriate.
Here no council or information provided oral or written by user will be any form of guarantee for that account that.
If forbidden by law, some aspects of this section may not apply in certain jurisdictions.
This has no effect on statutory rights user as a consumer.
18 limitations
User accepts that, within the limits laid down in existing law, the sole remedy for any problems or frustrations with the service is to uninstall the spotify software and spotify to stop using the service that.
Spotify although assumes no responsibility for third-party applications or their content, and even if the relationship with such third-party applications can be regulated by separate agreements with such third parties within the limits set by law with the sole remedy offered by any problems or bitter disappointment with the spotify third-party applications or their content is to uninstall and / or stop using such third-party applications.
In limits provided for by law, under any circumstances and its officials, shareholders, spotify employees, agents, directors, subsidiaries, branches, successors, suppliers or may be considered, ASSEGNATARI LICENZIANTI responsible for (1) any indirect damage, special incidental, punitive, exemplary or resulting from; (2) any loss of use, data, business or profit (both direct and indirect), and in any case arising from the use or the inability to use the service, spotify third-party applications or content of third-party applications, irrespective of any legal theory and the fact that spotify was warned of the possibility of such damage, and even where a remedy fails to secure the expected result; or (3) any responsibility for all aggregate claims relating to service, spotify third-party applications or content of third-party applications with a value above the amounts paid by the user to that during the previous 12 months in question, within the maximum limits allowed by law.
Anywhere eliminates or limits the liability of agreements in cases of fraud and fraudulent misrepresentation spotify, death or personal injury due to its negligence and, if required by law, gross negligence.
If forbidden by law, some aspects of this section may not apply in certain jurisdictions.
19 rights third-party
User understands and accepts that the owners of the content and some distributors (e.g. providers shops app) are envisaged under the agreements and beneficiaries have the right to implement the agreements directly against the user.
Apart as laid down in this section, the agreements are not designed to ensure rights to anyone, except the user and spotify, and in no case agreements will create any right of beneficiary for third parties.
Also rights to terminate or accept any changes, waivers or agreements are not subject to the consent by any other person.
If app is reversing the app store by apple, inc. ("
Apple ") or when used jpa on a user ios device confirms that it has read, understood and accepted the following information on apple.
This agreement is signed only by user and not with apple, therefore apple spotify is not responsible for service and of its contents.
Apple has no obligation to provide maintenance services and support in relation to the service.
If malfunctions of service in any respect, may be informed and apple applicable guarantee user any costs of purchases will reimburse apple applicable for the app; in addition, within the limits set by the law, apple has no other guarantee obligation of any kind in relation to the service.
Apple is not responsible for resolving any requests made by the user or by a third party in relation to the service or the possession and / or use of the service by the user, including in the form not restricted: (1) claims for product liability in; (2) claims that the service does not satisfy the legal requirements or current regulatory; and (3) complaints pursuant to provisions for the protection of the consumer or similar legislation.
Apple is not responsible for investigations, defence, liquidation and extinction of any complaint from third parties that the service and / or the possession and use of the jpa user infringes the intellectual property rights of these third parties.
During use service user agrees to meet the deadlines established a third party.
Apple and its subsidiaries are beneficiaries third parties of this agreement and, with the acceptance of the agreement by the user, apple will have the right (and it will be considered as having accepted the right) to apply this agreement to the user as beneficiary third part of the agreement.
This user represents and warrants to (1) not be located in a country subject to embargo of the us government, or which has been designated country " supports terrorism " by the us government; and (2) not be present on any list of items bandits or of the us government. limited
20 full agreement
Except as established in this section or explicitly agreed in writing between user and agreements are all spotify terms and conditions agreed between the user and, and replace any previous agreement in that report to the subject of these agreements, whether written or verbal.
But please note that other aspects of the use of the service from the user may be settled that by further agreements.
This may include, for example, access to the service through a gift, free of charge or paper spotify for periods of test granted.
When receives a tender with these aspects of its use, the user receives any additional agreements and at the same time also may use the opportunity to accept the additional terms.
Some of these additional terms shall be listed on website that.
In the event that there is a conflict between these terms, and additional incompatible terms the words. additional will
21 separability and derogabilità
Unless otherwise stated in the agreements, where any clause agreements is considered not valid or unenforceable for any reason or at any level, this disability or won't interfere in any way inapplicability or make invalid or the remainder of the agreements, and the use of the application of this clause will be set within the limits set by law.
Any failure in applying the agreements or on clauses by third parties not or recipients that annul the right or the beneficiary third part spotify do so.
22 allocation
Spotify may grant agreements or any of their hand, and may also delegate any obligations under the agreements.
User may not assign agreements or any of their members, nor transfer or grant in their rights under the agreements sublicenza to third parties.
23 compensation
In ceilings statutory existing user agrees to compensate and free from and in relation to believe that damage, loss and costs of any kind (including reasonable costs and fees arising from legal): (1) the violation of this agreement by the user; (2) any content user; (3) any activity in which the user undertakes or run through the service; and (4) the spotify violation of any law or of the rights of a third party by the user.
24 choice of jurisdiction, and compulsory arbitration court
24.1 law / jurisdiction
Unless otherwise requested under a law of a member state compulsory eu or other jurisdiction, agreements (and any disputes arising from non-contractual / complaints or related to these agreements) are subject to the laws of the state or the country indicated in the list below, regardless of choice or conflicting principles of law.
Also user and that agree to the courts in the following list assign responsibility for the resolution of disputes, complaints or disputes arising from the application of agreements (and any disputes arising from non-contractual / complaints or linked to those agreements ().
In some cases, this competence is exclusive, saying that the matter can not be judged by courts in any other country; it is responsible; in other cases, the power is " non-exclusive, " to indicate that may be relevant even the courts of other countries.
These differences are shown in table.
Country law to competence
From poland, italy laws; the country local exclusive swedish courts
Turkey non-exclusive swedish laws; courts and other courts of the turkish republic
Brazil brazilian exclusive state and federal laws; courts of são paulo state of são paulo, brazil
Canada laws southern ontario; exclusive courts of ontario, canada
Usa, argentina, bolivia, chile, colombia, costa rica, dominican republic, ecuador, el salvador, guatemala, honduras, nicaragua, panama, paraguay, peru, uruguay, california, united states exclusive state and federal courts; the county of san francisco, ca, or new york, ny
Estonia, hong kong, latvia, lithuania, swedish laws non-exclusive swedish courts
Spain spanish law courts domicile current consumer exclusive; in spain.
All other countries; swedish courts swedish laws exclusive
Spotify does not accept as mandatory codes of conduct in relation to the services provided under these agreements.
24.2 waives the right of class actions
Where permitted under the existing law, the user and agree that all spotify claims against the other may present only in its role as individual and not as a recurring or member of a class action in any alleged class or representative action.
Unless agreed by user and no spotify requests for judge will consolidate arbitrator or more than one person or otherwise prevail in any form of procedure representative or class.
24.3 arbitration
Where user is located, is located / offices or in a jurisdiction in which carries out activities this section 24.3.
Does not apply, the user concerned shall apply the following arbitration clause mandatory:
24.3.1 dispute resolution and arbitration
User spotify and agree that any cause, complaint or dispute between user and spotify arising from or relating in any way to these agreements or the relationship with user as user of the service (spotify is based on a contract, wrong, statute, fraud, or any other legal theory misrepresentation and regardless of whether such complaints arise during or after the end of the agreements) will be solved through binding arbitration individual mandatory.
Arbitration is more informal legal action in court.
In arbitration court or are not present, the examination of the court and jury an arbitration award is limited.
During arbitration may be made discoveries that in court. less
Judge arbitration of must respect this agreement and may grant the same damage and measures of a court (including the lawyers ' fees), but may not assign measures or for the benefit of other third dichiaratori ingiuntivi by the parties involved in arbitration.
Clause survive at the end of this arbitration agreements.
24.3.2 exceptions
Clause 24.3.1 (without prejudice to the previous user) and agree that nothing that established here that can exclude preclude or otherwise limit our rights, at any time, (1) continue an individual action in court for minor (2), the arguments of taxation through federal agencies, pursue actions state or local competent of where such measures are available, (3) require a measure before a court, or ingiuntivo (4) go to court in resolving a complaint for violation of intellectual property.
24.3.3 rules of arbitration
User that can initiate proceedings or arbitration.
Any arbitration between user and spotify according to the rules of arbitration will be resolved to the international chamber of commerce (icc) in force at the time (" rules ') and by one or more arbitrators icc responsible in accordance with the rules, as modified by these agreements, cai and will be managed by the international court of Arbitration of chf.
Any arbitration will be conducted in english and, except where otherwise required by law compulsory of a member state of the european union or any other jurisdiction, the law to be applied in this arbitration shall be that of the state of california, united states, regardless of choice or conflicting principles of law.
24.3.4 timing presentation
Any arbitration should be initiated with the submission of an application for arbitration within a (1) year from the date on which the party lodging the complaint is or should reasonably learned of the act, omission or lack of giving rise to the complaint; in addition there must be no right to other remedy for complaints not submitted within that period of time.
Where the law prohibits limited to one year the period for the submission of complaints, any complaint must be lodged in the shortest period of time permitted by law.
24.3.5 notification procedure;
Part intending to apply for an arbitration should first send a written notification of the dispute to the other party through mail or certified signature (federal express is compulsory) or, where not have the physical address user spotify in their archives, by e-mail (" notification ").
Address spotify for notifications is:, general counsel, spotify attn: w. 18th street, 45 7th floor, new york, new york 10011, usa.
Notification shall (1) describe the nature and the foundations of the complaint or dispute; and (2) define the specific measure requested (" application).
Spotify undertakes to make every effort in good faith to resolve the complaint directly, but in the absence of such agreement within 30 days of receipt of the notification, the user or will begin a process of spotify arbitration.
During arbitration, the amount of any offer of agreement presented by user, or from spotify should not be revealed to the referee until these has not taken a decision and a final judgment, where applicable.
Where the dispute is finally settled by arbitration in favour of the user, user (1) the pay that amount to be determined, if applicable, by referee (2) the last amount provided for in the written agreement and offered by spotify to resolve the dispute before the judgment of the arbitrator, or (3) 1,000 us dollars, whatever the amount higher among them.
All documents and information disclosed during the arbitration shall be kept strictly confidential by the recipient and should not be used by them for any purpose other than those of arbitration or application of the decision and judgment, and should not be divulged except on trust in people who have a real need to know them for these purposes or as required by the existing law.
Except required in order to implement the decision and the judgment or the referee user or spotify must issue any comment or advertise publicly announce or arbitration, including in the form not restricted the existence of a dispute between the parties, the existence of arbitration or any decision or ruling of the referee.
24.3.6 changes
In case of any future amendments to this clause by arbitration (with the exception of any change to that address notification), the user can not reject these spotify changes within 30 days of sending a written statement date of amendment of guideline notification that; in this case, the account user at is over immediately while this clause that will survive as arbitration immediately before the rejection of amendments to force the user.
24.3.7 applicability
If the transfer of class actions of section appears to be inapplicable in arbitration 24.2 or any part of section, the entire section is inapplicable 24.3 will be considered null and annulled and 24.3 in this case, the parties agree that the seat of exclusive competence described in section will regulate any action resulting from or related 24.1 agreements.
25 contacts
For questions about the service or agreements, users are spotify please contact the customer care of visiting the information on the company's spotify section our website.
If resides in california, the user may require all agreements to be sent in electronic format by sending a letter to attn: general counsel, 45, spotify west street, 7th floor, 18th new york, new york, usa, indicating its 10011 e-mail address, including the request for deployment of the agreements.
Also under the civil code of section in order to settle a complaint concerning the 1789.3 service or to receive further information on the use of the service you can contact in writing of the Complaint unit in the division of consumer services assistance of california department of consumer affairs at 1625 n. market blvd.,
Suite S-202, sacramento, california, or telephone numbers 1-800-952-5210 95834.
Thank you for reading our terms.
We hope that the use of that! you'll appreciate
Contracting entities:
Spotify ab
Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 stockholm
Sweden
Se556703748501
© spotify ab.
