Www.terravision.eu https: / / / / italian terms? = en _ it _ conditions.html noredirect
Terms and conditions of carriage
Rules and procedures shall be subject to changes at short notice.
Although information at this site are the most up-to-date available and corrected, the company can not be held liable for Terravision loss or damage, direct or indirect, arising from this information.
Definitions
Admission to the service
Services
Tickets and reservations
Access to cars
Luggage
Responsibility Terravision
Complaints
Coupon for passengers
Behaviour of passengers
Communications Terravision
Conclusions
The privacy act
Conditions of carriage stansted services
Conditions travel airport bus express
Conditions travel AEROBÚS
Conditions travel varzi
Conditions travel prague airport transfers
Modlin bus-terms and conditions
Faroshuttlebus-terms and conditions
Definitions
Words follow this meaning: " car will " means a vehicle, bus or other means of transport provided by and on which passengers; Terravision " journey " means the race viaggeranno allowed passengers according to the data resulting from their ticket; " service ' means activities carried out by the company; " ": any object that the passenger baggage brings with it in relation to its journey.
Admission to the service
Travellers should be in possession of a valid travel document to avail of the transport service and store it throughout the duration of the trip must.
Travel means concluded after the car, where the descent round-trip ticket, the conclusion will come to lower by car on the return trip.
Services
Transport
Terravision carries on its cars passengers with regular ticket.
Ticket is an endorsement of the agreement between the company and the passenger.
The ticket is owned and must be produced at the request of Terravision company.
Always following request the ticket should be returned to the Terravision.
Transport for the disabled
Withholding upon reservation, the condition of disabilities can cause the non-availability of service and the impossibility of transport of passengers.
They are invited to contact the company at least 48 hours before departure.
For further information write to the following e-mail address: customerservices @ terravision.eu
Transport children
Terravision does not provide for transport of children (below 14 years) unaccompanied.
Escort services are not available and other special services.
Children 14 years must be accompanied by a passenger of at least 16 years of age, to book the race simultaneously.
Children up to 4 years to the date of departure can travel without paying the ticket according to charging ordinary.
Children over 4 years of age have to pay the ticket according to charging ordinary.
Transport seats are not allowed for children aboard the bus.
Animal transport
Terravision shall not be obliged to transport animals on their cars, except for the passenger blind or deaf. cani-guida
Tickets and reservations
Validity of ticket
Ticket allows the use of the service and to make the race declared on Terravision.
If ticket is altered or damaged is not valid for the race provided for therein.
E-ticket
The e-tickets shall be printed and then submitted to our staff when entering the aeroplane.
In case of delay of passenger entailing the loss of service purchased online, the same indicated on the ticket will also apply to the race next.
If running lost by passenger corresponding to the last possible starting of a day, the ticket is valid for the following day.
" Priority " boarding is guaranteed only for times of departure and displayed on the card. book
Reservation number
Passengers to reserve a place on a specific must run through our reservation system prenotarlo online before the same date of departure.
Bookings depend on the availability of places in individual journeys.
Corrections to the ticket
Passenger may require adjustment their tickets is depending on the type and the destination of the product, provided that travel on the same race.
Correction should be required before the departure of service indicated on the ticket.
Correction ticket can occur only in offices society or by employees of the same with Terravision of this task.
If adjustment will lead to a price increase ticket than paid, passengers will have to pay the price additional.
Passengers can change dates and times of their reservations online only through access to their accounts. " " my Terravision
Tickets offline purchased through the staff can not be changed or modified. Terravision
Responsibility passenger
The passenger must always check data record (place of departure and arrival, date, time and number of passengers, etc.) before confirm the purchase.
Also in the case of the passenger should check the spelling e-ticket data entered on prior to payment. screenshot
Ticket invalid
The passenger must travel with tickets valid.
If, following controls is found in ticket invalid will have to abandon the bus or, alternatively, buy another ticket directly by the driver.
E-ticket false
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate a e-ticket possessed by a passenger when it has reasonable grounds to consider it false.
Can also prevent the passenger was in possession of this ticket to use their services and we can move forward by legal means.
Ticket lost
Terravision shall not be obliged to replace the ticket in case of loss or theft thereof.
The occurrence of theft or loss of, therefore, the passenger will also use the service of this company will have to buy another ticket.
Policy cancellation: tickets are not redeemable. Terravision
Terravision not be obliged to reimburse due to incorrect changes to travel bookings plans or delays / cancellations.
Cancellation private services for groups:,, rome, fiumicino ciampino deletion, by the client, Civitavecchiala a confirmed reservation will be free if it takes place in writing, by e-mail (@ groups), at least five working days before terravision.eu service; where, however, the deletion booked is less than five working days from the date set for the trip, the cost will be fully charged to the final customer.
Access to cars
Stop
The boarding and alighting from cars is exclusively at the authorised placed along paths lines stop and numbered paline..
The passenger has the responsibility to travel to the appropriate stopped board carefully without right bus.
A map of all our stops is found at www.terravison.eu.
Delay of passenger
Day race should be present at the bus station at least 15 minutes before the estimated time of departure.
Terravision is not responsible for failure if late consequence of the race of the passenger and shall not be obliged to delay its service to wait anyway.
Tickets from the city airport:
Passengers are requested to book a service enabling him to get to the airport with at least 2 hours before the estimated time of the departure of flight.
Terravision can not be held responsible in the case of accidents, traffic or all those force majeure not dependent on our desire that may impede the smooth operation of our services.
Users should not follow the instructions given by choosing a service which does not allow enough time for carrying out normal procedures (check-in, security checks boarding etc.) will not be entitled to reimbursement.
Connections: is the responsibility of passenger to plan for the trip for there to be sufficient time to ensure connections with other modes of transport.
Where passengers choose a connection that don't let go to the boarding with due advance, will not receive any kind of compensation.
Luggage
Luggage allowed
Terravision does not apply additional costs for baggage or sets a limit to the number of luggage provided that there is room available in the compartment.
Hand baggage are allowed on board only if size compatible with the doors to these and unless bear dedicated during the trip (this danger by the driver).
Consistent with the available space on board may be allowed, according to staff, including transport, according to the fare, equipment for skiing, skates, bicycles and other articles " special ' contained in special care.
Articles fragile which goods electrical, television and radio stations are portable only if format. reasonable transportable
Musical instruments small as guitars, violins, or may be viole celli worn on bus only one seating position and via the prenotando rate.
Equipment mobility (wheelchairs leaflets and other media) are transported in case of doubt on passenger gratuitamente.l whether or not to carry an article, should contact the premurarsi to know if your neck to your Terravision followed is among those transportable.
Drivers bus offer assistance to passengers in their luggage but are not obliged to raise it.
Health-related Terravision and security does not agree to carry more than articles 32 kg and larger than 81 cm high, 119 cm long and 119 cm deep.
The weight limit shall not apply to equipment allowing the mobility of disabled people.
Terravision assumes no responsibility for unpackaged articles properly, or perishable or fragile minor damage to the outer surface of the luggage (e.g.
Scratches spots, dirty, arising from normal wear and tear, bruising).
Luggage prohibited
Terravision shall not be obliged to carry: firearms, weapons and cut any sharp object, objects can cause injury, contundenti explosive substances, chemicals, drugs or solvents (except the medicine), toxic or infectious substances, such as rodenticides, infected blood, radioactive material, corrosive substances, such as mercury and vehicle batteries, and any article, allegedly, dangerous, which can cause is injured or unfit for type of transport supplied for weight, shape, fragile state or deteriorabilità.
Articles specified above which prohibited if found on board, baggage immediately downloaded from the car.
Packaging and identification of luggage
All luggage following the passengers should be packaged and should also contain data plate with quite general and telephone number of the owner-passenger.
The Terravision reserves not to accept on board the bus baggage that as a result of control will be found without these requirements.
All baggage, except that by hand will be stored in approved compartments buses.
Cabin baggage
Hand baggage will be stored in the next compartment to the passenger and will remain in the availability of itself.
Therefore responsibility, in the case of loss, is attributable only to the passenger.
Is advised to carry in hand luggage articles precious or significant economic including money, bracelets, precious metals, identification documents, electronic devices and life-saving medicines.
Liability for baggage loss
If loss of luggage on a car or a bus station the same will be taken into custody by Terravision.
The passenger is charged a fee for that service including also, wherever possible, the dispatch of lost luggage.
Baggage without phone number and address will be disposed within one month after the discovery of them.
Baggage content will be examined and, where considered dangerous or eliminated within 48 hours of discovery, deteriorabile.
Storage baggage will also be required by other passengers and promptly delivered to found responsible for cars.
Loss a baggage must be informed immediately and our staff confirmed by the details of all the lost and found within 72 hours of completion of the journey by letter sent to the company, rue archimede 164-Terravision rome-italy or with-and 00197 mail addressed to customerservices @ or any other terravision.eu for this address advertised.
Terravision should ensure baggage for all damage relating to the contract of carriage with specific insurance companies.
Responsibility Terravision
Transport
Terravision has an obligation to carry the passenger with regular and his luggage ticket complying with the rules of this document.
Society undertakes, furthermore, to minimise inconvenience and incidents relating to the voyage.
Delay or cancellation races
Timetables www.terravision.eu published on are approximate.
Society reserves the right to modify informing users of the causes of change and of any alternative hours.
Terravision may also suspend or cancel the races to inform passengers. obbligandosi
In the latter case, the company can choose whether to enter a new race replacing the suspended or to extend the validity of the ticket of the passenger.
Terravision shall not be liable in the event of loss, damage costs suffered by passengers to delay or cancellation of the.
Terravision has no obligation to passengers who have not booked the race.
Cancellation after start service
If bus on which the passenger travel is not able to reach the destination, unless the chosen by the same result not beyond the control of the company reserves the right to choose, Terravision between the following options behaviour: (a) choose a means of transport alternative guarantees to the passenger arrival at destination; (b) set a car replacement; (c) grant the reimbursement of expenses incurred by the passenger; d) to issue a coupon for the passenger.
No responsibility
Terravision is not responsible for circumstances going beyond reasonable control thereof.
Examples events beyond the control of the company are as follows: war or threat of war, incidents on the route service, weather serious and exceptional, fire and / or damage to a bus station, vandalism, terrorism, trafficking unexpected technical problems or local unrest, riots, theft or smarrimenti.
Death and injuries to the person
Terravision in case of death or personal injury to a passenger occurring damage will own negligence.
Airlines
Terravision is not responsible for the quality of service by airlines or for any delays or cancellations of transfers.
Complaints
Method
The passenger must perform the complaint and, if required, should provide personally an identity document and the relevant documentation on the flight.
Ticket contains the names of more if the passengers, they must make the complaint together.
The complaint shall be presented in the offices of employees or sent by e-mail to the address Terravision customerservices @ terravision.eu.
The deadline for making the complaint is 30 days from the date of departure of the journey.
When complaint, shall be added the ticket purchased.
Coupon for passengers
Characteristics
The coupon is personal transferable to third parties, valid for six months from the date of issue resulting from the same.
The coupon may be used for all services and in rome and florence Terravision Terracafè.
Extinction good
If passenger wants to use a service the cost of which is greater than the value of good, will have to pay the price difference; if the cost is less will not receive any compensation for the difference.
Behaviour of passengers
Behaviour required
The passenger must behave properly and sense stations that on board bus listening carefully to indications of personnel Terravision.
Behaviour prohibited
Made ban to passenger behaviour incorrect referred to a few examples below: threaten staff or other users of the service, Terravision place their luggage in order to create distress to the other passengers blocking the emergency exits or the central corridor bus, use radio, games, musical instruments, noisy devices radio create bothers the others.
Passengers are forbidden to eat or drink aboard.
May not be conducted aboard the bus spirits or drugs and can not get into the bus passengers that is under the influence of such substances.
The Terravision reserves to prevent the got on the bus or facilitate the descent from the same, where possible, of the passenger, the requirements, has behaved in a careless prohibited.
Responsibility for the behaviour of other passengers
The Terravision is not liable for the acts and omissions committed by other passengers on the bus or at the station.
Society undertakes, however, to control the behavior of all users.
Communications Terravision
For changes in time, general or cancellation of communications routes travel will provide passengers with information by e-mail to Terravision address given at the time of place reservation.
Sending e-mail message will be accepted as proof of receipt.
Unless Terravision was disclosed to an e-mail address will be valid between midnight and verify the 72 hours prior to departure, on the site or at a box of society for www.terravision.eu ensure that there are no communications or changes in the programme.
Conclusions
Indications
Transport contracts concluded with Terravision is subject to the general conditions of carriage for passengers and baggage currently in force and the regulations, provisions and / or regulations relating to specific objects.
Terravision conditions and regulations are by means of this notification, including as a reference in the contract and part of it.
Terravision london it is noted that is a company operating in the finance ltd resale of transport ticket for companies and airport third from any kind of responsibility for any manlevata damage caused to persons or goods by the third company involved in the transport service.
The privacy act
The communicate the necessary information on the purpose and methods of processing, and the area of communication and dissemination of personal data by you provided to (hereinafter the " even Terravision society ") for his participation in the site (hereinafter the " even www.terravision.eu site.
The purpose of processing and its duration are closely associated with its participation at the site.
Society can use data from you for all purposes provided its participation, including the possibility to get access to all services provided for by the same site.
Society reserves the right to use such data for all other lawful purposes activity.
Terravision where appropriate, may amend this directive for privacy following initiatives sector or variations concerning the legislation, the collection and use of data concerning the function or iip services or technologies.
These changes are effective when the company will be published on the website.
Continuing to use the services offered by Terravision after the publication of an updated version of the directive on privacy, user privacy directive it tacitly accepts with the relevant amendments.
It is therefore important that the user privacy itself periodically directive rilegga to be fully informed of any changes.
When substantial changes in the collection and use of data and related by iip, the management and the iip Terravision of the individual user data will still be subject to directive for privacy according to which they have been collected, unless the user has been informed of the change and has not objected.
In particular, the companies will:
To) process data which has given us to carry out analysis, market surveys and statistics collection of satisfaction of users and preferences of these, for services covered by the activities of the company;
(B) develop data that has given us and inferred from its navigation on the to identify the business profile and for the use of this for purposes of marketing, advertising, promotional and commercial; to this end the companies will use the cookies, or portions of stored on your computer file to monitor its movements within the site;
C submit news site) and, more generally, the activities carried out by the company.
For purposes of the processing, as outlined above, and within the limits of the same, all its data will also be forwarded to third parties, public or private, which companies performing market surveys and statistics, companies engaged in marketing, advertising, promotion and trade.
Placing data and their consent for the processing, the communication and the transfer, for the purposes referred to above, are mandatory for participation in the project.
Any refusal to provide the information requested or to give consent to the treatment, communication and transfer, would not participating in the project and the implementation of compliance relating to project impossible.
Treatment of their personal data will be carried out as automated online is that by subjects off-line society, such as employees, specially authorized by the staff or advisers of russian society.
The website will contain links the move to other sites.
Linkabili these sites are not under the control of www.terravision.eu by society and it is possible that have a policy on confidentiality other than that described therein.
Therefore society can not be considered in any way responsible for any breach of its right to privacy which took place in sites other than www.terravision.eu
Moreover, the company will not under any circumstances be held liable for its possible direct communication of personal data, sensitive or any other nature, which is in sections of the site dedicated to the forum.
Society reserves the right to transfer data from you provided any third party of the same or his branch.
Can assert his rights you, such as access, an indication of the origin of personal data, details on the way and purpose of the processing, the logic applied in the event of treatment with electronic method, an indication of extreme identification holder treatment and of persons or categories of subjects to which the data may be disclosed or can get to know them, updating, the rectification, integration, deletion, processing and the freezing of its data processed in breach of law-addressing the holder treatment for addresses indicated below:
The holder of the treatment and the london, reachable by e-mail to finance Terravision address: customerservices @-registered office park view 183 terravision.eu, the vale, london. -189 W37rw
