Https: / / / / / en / intl terms policies.tinder.com
Conditions of use
Last revision: 01/08/2020
Main amendment in this version: we have our name mg updated services for members living gk japan in japan.
For a summary of the conditions of use, please refer to page summary of requirements.
Welcome to Tinder.
If user lies in the european union, these conditions of use shall apply between the user and:
MTCH technology services limited (" technology ") MTCH
Wework Charlemont exchange
Charlemont street
Dublin 2 d02 Vn88
Ireland
If the user is in japan, these conditions apply use between the user and:
Mg gk (" japan japan services mg) 4f sumitomo Fudosan azabu minato-ku, tokyo bldg 1-4-1 mita 108-0073 japan
If user lies outside the european union and japan, these conditions of use shall apply between the user and:
Match group, llc (" match group)
8750 north central expressway, suite 1400
75231 dallas, tx, usa
" We, " " we, " " company " and " Tinder ' refers to technology, japan or group match mg MTCH, depending on the country of residence of the user.
1.
Acceptance of the agreement on the conditions of use.
Creating an account, through a mobile device, Tinder a mobile application or a computer (collectively, the " service "), the user accepts (s) to be bound by these conditions of use, (ii) the privacy policy, the disclosure of cookie, by arbitration procedures (if applicable) and the safety tips, each of which is incorporated into the agreement, for reference and (iii) any conditions notified and accepted by the user if bought functions, products or services on offer additional service (collectively, " agreement ').
Where user will not accept to be bound by all the terms of this agreement, should not use the service.
From time to time, we could make changes to the agreement and to serve for various reasons, for example to reflect changes in the law or legal obligations, new functions or new commercial practices.
The most recent version of this agreement will be published on the service and in section settings on the user, and must consult regularly gotinder.com the latest version.
The latest version is version applicable.
If changes include substantial changes affecting the rights or obligations of the user, the announce in advance by reasonable means as the notification via the service or by e-mail.
Continued use of the service from the user after the amendments have become effective implies the acceptance of the revised agreement.
2.
Fitness.
User must be at least 18 years to create an account on Tinder and use the service.
Creating an account and using the service, the user represents and warrants:
To have the authority to enter into a binding contract with Tinder,
Not to be a person to whom the service shall not be used according to the laws of the united states or any other jurisdiction, or user not applicable appears in the list " Specially designated nationals " of the treasury department of the united states, and shall be subject to other such bans,
With this agreement and all laws, rules and regulations local, state, applicable national and international, and
Never been convicted of serious crimes or criminal offences or crimes of comparable seriousness) (sex offenders or any violent crime and not be required to register as author of sexual crime in any state or federal register local sex offenders.
3.
Account user.
Tinder to use, the user can access using its credentials as facebook.
User allows us if you do, access and use of certain information, including facebook account, as an example, those relating to her facebook page public.
For further information on the information that we collected and how we use those, can be found in our privacy policy.
User confidentiality is responsible for credentials access used to register for and is the only Tinder responsible for all activities that occur with such credentials.
If the user believes that someone had access to his account should immediately contact us.
4.
Changes to the service and resolution.
Tinder undertakes to continuously improve the service and to offer users other functions useful and interesting.
This means that from time to time we could add new features or improvements or remove some functions and, if these existing actions do not affect substantially the rights or obligations of the user, we could do so without prior notification.
Suspend fully the service we might even, in which case the announce user in advance, unless there are extenuating circumstances, such as security issues, that we can not do so.
User will remove your account at any time and for any reason, following the instructions in the section " settings " service; however, when using an account payment third-party purchases, will manage through this account (e.g. in-app
Itunes google play) to avoid additional charges.
Tinder can delete account user at any time without notice if it considers that the user is in violation of this agreement.
Once removed the account user will not be entitled to any reimbursement for purchases.
After removal, this agreement will be solved, except for the following clauses, which would remain applicable for the user and: section 4 section 5 Tinder and sections 12-19.
5.
Security: interactions with other members.
Tinder although is committed to promoting experience respectful members such as the double between through functions, which enables the consensus members only report after both showed mutual interest, are not responsible for the conduct of their own members within or outside of the service.
User accepts caution in all interactions with other members, in particular if it decides to communicate with them outside the service or meet with them personally.
Also before use the service, the user accepts to consult and follow our safety tips.
Accepts also not provide financial information (e.g. data bank account or credit card) nor to transfer or send the money to other members.
User alone is responsible for their own interaction with the other members.
User TINDER understands that shall not of their own members checks on criminal records or investigating about their past.
TINDER had no comment or guarantee about the conduct of registered unemployed.
6.
Tinder rights that gives the user.
Tinder gives the user licensed personnel, valid throughout the world, without royalties, non-transferable and not exclusive and non-assignable in sub-licence to access access and use the service.
This license is merely intended to allow the user to use and enjoy the benefits of the service under and permitted by this agreement. Tinder
Therefore user agrees not to:
Use agency or any content in service for commercial purposes without our written consent;
Copy, modify, forward, derivative works, use or create play in any way subject-matter copyrighted images, marks, trade names, trademarks service or other intellectual property, or proprietary information content accessible via the service without prior written authorisation by Tinder;
Claim or imply that their allegations are approved by Tinder;
Use any robot, bot, spider,,, application of recovery / crawler scraper research sites, or other device, proxy procedure or method, to access, manual or automatic recover index, execute " data mining " or in any way reproduce or the structure and presentation navigation outwit service or its content.
Use service in any way it can interfere with, interrupt or negatively affect service or on servers or linked to the service networks;
Load virus or other harmful or compromise otherwise code security service;
Counterfeit headers or otherwise in order to cover the origin manipulate identifiers of any information transmitted to or through the service;
Execute framing or " " of any part of the service mirroring without prior written authorisation by Tinder;
Use meta tag or code or other devices containing references to serving (or any mark or Tinder, trade name, service mark, or logo slogans) to direct people to other Tinder websites for any reason,
Amend adapt to sub-licence,,,, break translate sell decoding or any part of the service or disassembling decompilare ensure that others do.
Use or develop third-party applications that interact with the service or the contents or information other entered without our written consent;
Use access or publish interface programming jpa Tinder without our written consent;
Explore analysis or test, the vulnerability of our service or any system or network;
Encourage or support any activity that violates this agreement.
Society will investigate and take any legal action available in response to illegal use and / or unauthorised service, including the account-deletion user.
Any software that goes to user can automatically download and install updates or new functions.
User may be able to change these settings device through automatic download.
7.
Rights user gives Tinder.
Creating an account user gives Tinder a right and a worldwide, transferable licence valid, and without royalties from transferable in sub-licence, store, host use, copy, show, play, publish, make revise and distribute information change facebook to which allows us to access, and the information that public office, show or otherwise make available (collectively, " public ") on the service to other members (collectively, or transmitting " content ").
Licence contents of user will not be Tinder exclusively, but it will be with regard to works created through the use of derived service.
For example, the licence for the service including screenshot Tinder the contents of the user will be exclusive.
Also enabling Tinder to avoid the use of content outside the service user authorises to act on its behalf for the Tinder illegal use of its content extracted from the service by other entered or third parties.
This includes the authority, but not the obligation specifically, to send notifications under title 17 section (c) (3) of the 512 united states code (i.e. the " notifications ") on your behalf dmca removal, if its contents are extrapolated and operated by third parties outside of the service.
Our licence content user is subject to the rights of that provided for in the applicable legislation (e.g. the laws on the protection of personal data in so far as the contents include personal information from those defined by laws) and shall apply for the purpose of managing limited, develop, provide and improve the service, and try and develop new services.
User accepts that the content or public that allows us to publish on service can be displayed by other members and by any person you visit or participating in the service (e.g., people who could be contained shared by other members Tinder).
User confirmed that all information provided at the establishment of its accounts, including information from her facebook account, is factually correct, and claims to have the right to publish the contents and grant to service the licence above. Tinder
User understands and accepts that we could monitor or revising the content that within the public service.
We could eliminate, in whole or in part, any content which in our view this agreement or exclusive breach could damage the reputation of the service.
When communicating with our people care customers, the user agrees to be respectful and kind.
Consider its behaviour towards our employees or other employees is at any time, threatening or offensive we reserve the right to eliminate his account.
Against authorisation to use the service which gives the user, user Tinder accepts that we, our staff members and our external partners we can publish advertising on service.
Sending Tinder suggestions to in relation to the service, or feedback user accepts that can be used and share this feedback for Tinder without any purpose provide the user begins.
Tinder can access, store and disseminate account information and the contents of the user if required by law to apply to this agreement or if in good faith believed that such access or disclosure, archiving, such as meets a legitimate interest: (i) comply with legal proceedings; (ii) applying the agreement; (iii) to respond to claims that the contents violate the rights of third parties; (iv) reply to requests for assistance from the user; or (v) to protect the rights, ownership or the personal security of the company or any other person.
8.
Rules of the community.
Using the service user agrees not to:
Use the service for illicit purposes or prohibited under this agreement;
Use the service for purposes or harmful; nefarious
Use the service to damage; Tinder
Violate guidelines for community, as regularly updated;
Sending spam, call money or any writing; fraud
Pretend person physical or legal published images of other people without their authorisation;
Prevaricate harass, bully, attack,,, or defame others harassing molest;
Publish content that violate the rights of third parties, including the rights of protection against the abuse of the image, privacy, copyright, trademarks or other intellectual property rights or contracts;
Publish contained hate, threatening, sexually explicit or pornographic;
Publish contained subject to violence or showing nudity or violence or free graphics;
Publish content that foster racism, intolerance, hatred or physical injury of any kind against groups or individuals.
Ask other entered password for any purpose or personal identification information for commercial purposes or unlawful or disseminate information personal of other people without their authorisation;
Use account other members, share account with other entered or manage more account;
Create another account if we have already eliminated its, unless has our approval.
Tinder reserves the right to investigate and / or delete account user without any reimbursement of purchases if the user has broken this agreement, he used improperly service or has behaved in a way that inappropriate or illegal, including with Tinder considers actions or communication within or outside of the service.
9.
Content of the other members.
Although Tinder should reserve the right to review and remove content that violate this agreement, such contained only the sole responsibility of writing them Tinder can not guarantee that all public and the contents are in accordance with the agreement.
User note on service content, please violate this agreement within the service itself or through segnalarceli contact module.
10.
Purchases.
General notes.
Occasionally Tinder could offer products and services to be purchased (" ") through itunes, purchases in-app google play by the operator charges, direct debits by Tinder or other platforms authorised by Tinder payment.
If user chooses to make a purchase, it will be asked to confirm the in-app purchase with the payment service provider applicable on its method of payment (a paper or an account third-party as google play or itunes) (" method of payment ') will be debited with an amount indicated for services selected and the sales tax or other charges applicable to similar payments, and user authorizes the account third-party, or Tinder as appropriate, to carry out the charges.
User buys a subscription periodic with automatic renewal through a purchase, will continue to receive on its in-app method of payment for the subscription until we cancel objections.
After the initial period of subscription, and after any period following the subscription is automatically subscription for an equivalent period, additional will renew the price agreed at the time of subscription.
Automatic renewal and automatic payment card
Subscription user does not automatically, renewed until ends or cancel.
When buys a subscription on its method of payment will continue to receive monthly advance objections within 24 hours of date of initial sale at the price agreed at the time of subscription.
Information payment card will be closed and subsequently used for payments automatic card in accordance with this agreement.
Objections payments already made must be addressed to the customer care in the case of direct debit from or the third-party into account Tinder issue, such as itunes.
User objections may submit their bank or its also contacting payment service providers, which will provide additional information on their rights and the applicable deadlines.
User unconditionally may withdraw its authorisation payments automatic card at any time by going in section settings or to account in third-party Tinder issue, but it will be required to pay any amounts due outstanding.
If want to modify or complete the user to access your subscription account third-party (or in section settings Tinder) and follow the instructions corresponding, even if you have removed your account Tinder or our device by app removed.
The account-deletion Tinder or removal of our app does not involve the term or from device the annulment of the subscription; all funds debited Tinder will retain method of payment until the user will not end or her subscription on account of third parties, or the Tinder as appropriate.
If ends or cancel the user will use the subscription fee, until the end of period of subscription and, at the end of during that period, the subscription will not be renewed.
Other conditions applicable if the user pays Tinder with its method of payment directly.
Tinder directly, if the user pays will correct any errors committed billing Tinder even if you have applied for or received payment.
Where user should initiate a debit transfer or otherwise cancel a payment from its method of payment may, at their own discretion Tinder immediately remove account.
User changing information on the method of payment by accessing the section settings Tinder.
If payment is not paid due to deadline, insufficient funds or other reason and the user does not change the information on the method of payment, or cancel the subscription is responsible ends of any amounts not collected and we continue to make objections on the method will authorise payment, which may be updated.
This will result in a change dates invoicing of payments.
Also user us to achieve the maturity dates and authorise the numbers of paper or provided by the issuer of its updated replacement or credit card debt.
Deadlines payment will be based on the method of payment and can be determined by agreements between the user and the financial institution, the issuer of credit card or other providers of payment method chosen.
If lies outside of the americas, user accepts that payment against Tinder will be implemented through technology services limited MTCH.
Super i like and other elements virtual.
Occasionally user might be able to buy a licence limited, personal, non-transferable non-assignable in and to use " elements sub-licence revocable virtual " as an example, including the super i like (collectively, " virtual ") elements.
Any balance of elements shown in is not a virtual account balance or reflect any real, but is a stored value flow measurement of the licence.
Virtual elements are not subject to expenditure non-use, however licence granted user for items will be settled in accordance with the terms of virtual this agreement will provide the service or Tinder when the user's account will be closed or discarded.
Tinder at their sole discretion, reserves the right to modify the tariffs for access and use of virtual elements and / or will distribute the virtual elements with or without objections.
Tinder regular control, can manage edit or delete items virtual at any time.
Tinder will not in any way responsible to the user or third parties for the exercise of these rights.
Elements virtual can be redeemed only through the service.
All purchases and surrenders elements virtual effected through the service shall be final and grants.
Providing virtual elements to be used in service is a service that commences immediately to acceptance of the purchase of these elements from the user.
User notes that is not required for no reason to TINDER provide the elements and virtual reimbursement for will not receive any money or other fees for items after the closure of the accounts, virtual unused regardless of whether the closure was voluntary or not.
Repayments.
Normally all charges for purchases shall not be refunded or reimbursement or credits for periods are partly used.
We make an exception if the repayment of a subscription is required within 14 days from the date of transaction or where the legislation applicable in the jurisdiction of the user provides refunds.
For subscribers living in the eu or the european economic area, in accordance with local legislation, the user is entitled to a full reimbursement without having to prove motive for 14 days after the start of the subscription.
Please note that this 14-day period begins when you start the subscription.
Purchases elements are final and virtual non-recoverable.
For a refund:
User was using its subscriber, repayments will be operated by apple id, apple Tinder.
For requesting a refund, the user to access itunes, click on their id apple, select history, identify the transaction and select " purchases ' report a problem.
Will send a request also the page https: / / getsupport.apple.com.
User was using your account google play store subscriber or directly through, shall contact the Tinder customer care order number of indicating the google play store (available in the e-mail confirms the order or gaining access to pay) or send google (available in confirmation e-mail Tinder).
May send or send a notification dated and signed stating, as a buyer, you want to cancel this agreement or sentences with similar effect.
Should also include the e-mail or mobile telephone associated to your account and serial number.
This notification shall be addressed to: Tinder, attn:, p.o. box 25472 Cancellations, dallas, texas, usa 75225.
User does exercise their right of cancellation (except for purchases by id apple, controlled by) (or we'll ask apple pay back to reimburse all payments received google) without undue delay and in any case within 14 days from the date of receipt of the notification with the decision to cancel the agreement.
Will be to carry out this reimbursement using the same method of payment used user for the initial transaction.
However, the user will not be charged any expenditure as a result of reimbursement.
User not to cancel orders that are not delivered digital content on physical carriers if the development of the order is initiated after the user has authorized and confirmed that had lost their right to undo.
This applies, for example, purchases of virtual elements.
These purchases are final and grants.
Prices.
Tinder runs a global business and provides services to a diverse community of members.
Our price structure may vary depending on the country, the duration of the subscription, the size of package, for courses and other factors. recent in-app
Test frequently new prices and functions to offer our entered functionality and options advanced payment should it decide to use them.
11.
Notification and procedure for reporting violations of copyright.
User considers its work has been copied and published on service in a way that constitutes a violation of copyright, we call on it to provide our responsible copyright:
A physical or electronic signature of the person authorised to act on behalf of the holder of the right of copyright;
A description of the work that protected by copyright believed to have been infringed;
A description of the position in the service of the material that violates the copyright (and this description is should be sufficient to enable us to identify reasonably material due to violation);
Their contact details, including postal address, telephone number and e-mail address;
A written declaration in which says that it believes in good faith that the contested use is not authorized by the holder copyright, by his representative or by law; and
A statement under penalty of perjury, which confirms the correctness of the information provided in the notification and be the holder of the copyright or a person authorised to act on behalf of that.
Notifications copyright infringements must be notified to the responsible copyright society via e-mail at copyright @ match.com, the number telephone (+ 1) 214-576-3272 or by ordinary mail at the following address:
Copyright compliance department c / o match group no legal 8750 central expressway, suite 1400 dallas, texas, usa 75231
Tinder will accounts of offenders habitual.
12.
Statements not responsibility.
TINDER provides the service " as " and " as available " and to the extent permitted by the law applicable provides no guarantees whatsoever, expressed, implicit law or otherwise in relation to the service (including all related content), including, for example, any implied guarantee of satisfactory quality, eligibility for a specific purpose, merchantability or not violations of the rights of others.
TINDER declared or not (a) ensures that the service will be without interruption, safe or shortcomings within, (b) any shortcomings or errors in service will be corrected or (c) any information or content obtained on or through the service will be accurate.
TINDER has no responsibility for the content and the user, other members or third parties publish send or receive through the service.
Downloaded access to any material or otherwise obtained using the service is to the sole discretion and risk of the user.
13.
Services of third parties.
Service may contain advertising or promotion offered by third parties and links to other websites or resources.
Tinder is not assumes responsibilities for the availability (or the lack of availability of these websites or external resources.
If the user chooses to interact with third parties made available through the service, his relationship with them will be governed by the terms of those parts.
Tinder can not be held liable for the terms or the actions of these third parties.
14.
Limitation of liability.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable under any circumstances, its affiliated, employees, TINDER licensees or service providers will be responsible for indirect damage, fish, special or incidental, CONSEQUENZIALI punitive, including, as an example, loss of profits, incurred directly or indirectly or data loss, use goodwill or other losses arising from intangible: (i) access, use or inability of the user to access or use the service (ii) the conduct or the content of other states or third parties on through or following the use of the service; or (iii) access, use or modification unauthorised content user, although TINDER was informed of the possibility of such damage.
Under no circumstances overall responsibility for towards the user for all the TINDER demands for the service will pass the higher amount between the fee paid by the user to service, if applicable, TINDER and usd 100 during the period in which the user has had an account.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of certain damage, therefore some or all exclusions and restrictions specified in this section may not be APPLICABILLI.
15.
Arbitration and waives the right of collective action and a trial by jury.
Except members residing within the eu or the european economic area and where it is forbidden by the applicable legislation.
A exclusive to settle any disputes or claims arising from or in connection with this agreement (including alleged violations of that) or the service will be the binding arbitration administered by according to the rules and procedures jams arbitration simplified, subject to the modifications made by jams our arbitration procedures.
The exception to the monopoly of is the fact that arbitration both sides have the right to take individual action vis-à-vis the other in a court in cases lower or, if it is presented in jurisdiction arbitration, the part called to account may require that the dispute is subjected to a court for the minor cases if falls within the jurisdiction of the court.
If the request to refer the dispute to court to the minor cases shall be carried out before the appointment of an arbitrator, the arbitration will be closed administratively.
If the request is made after the appointment of an arbitrator, the latter will determine whether the case must remain in arbitration or be resolved in the court for the minor cases.
This arbitration will be conducted only by written communications, unless the user or choose not to invoke the Tinder right to a hearing oral before the arbitrator.
But independently of the choice of arbitration or the court for the minor cases, the user accepts that under no circumstances will, will manage or to take collective action, collective arbitration proceedings will or other processes or representative actions against Tinder.
Using service in any way, the user accepts the above convention arbitration.
In so doing, abandoning their own right to go to court to defend against or any claims between the user and the company (except for issues that may be subject to courts for minor cases).
User waives the right to participate in collective action or other collective proceedings.
If the user has a claim against outside of a court for Tinder causes children (and does not require that is transferred to the Tinder for the minor cases), a court rights will be determined by a user, not by a judge or arbiter neutral, and the referee will a jury all claims and issues relating to the dispute. arbitrabilità
User is entitled to a fair hearing before the arbitrator.
Referee can normally grant the same remedies of a court, including the opportunity to hear a point (which may be based only on dispositiva the parties ' pleadings or on both the parties ' pleadings that tests), but bear in mind that sent the arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and immediate in the processes and other legal proceedings.
Decisions of the referee have enforceable in judicial and can be undone by a court only for reasons very limited.
For further details on arbitration, see to our arbitration procedures.
Any process to enforce this convention, including those for arbitration confirm, amend or cancel an arbitration award, may be started in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Where arbitration is considered this convention for any reason, any litigation unenforceable against society (with the exception of actions in the courts) may be undertaken only minor cases before the courts federal or state located in dallas county, texas.
This user irrevocably accepts the jurisdiction of those courts for these purposes.
Platform resolution online dispute of the european commission is available to page http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr.
Tinder shall not dispute settlement procedures before consumer arbitration bodies for members living in the eu and the european economic area.
16.
Applicable law.
For members living in the eu, the european economic area or where our convention arbitration is prohibited by law, any dispute arising from or in relation to this agreement or the service will be governed by the laws of texas, united states, to the exclusion of provisions on conflict of laws.
Notwithstanding above, convection arbitration specified in section 15 will be regulated by federal Arbitration act.
To avoid misunderstandings laws of texas, not applicable, the legislation required to annulleranno replaced consumer protection in those jurisdictions.
17.
Forum.
Except resident in the eu or members of the european economic area, which may have claims in their country of residence in accordance with current legislation, and with the exception of claims that could be subject to courts of competent jurisdiction, all minor cases claims arising from or in connection with this agreement or in the service or the user's report with which for any reason Tinder are not subject to arbitration be brought before the courts judgment only federal or county state dallas, texas, the user and agree to u.s. Tinder exercise of jurisdiction of courts of the member of staff shall waive all claim on texas and the fact that such courts constitute a forum inadequate.
18.
Compensation by the user.
User agrees, to the extent permitted under the current legislation, to defend and keep free Tinder of manlevare, our staff members and their staff, managers, agents and employees from any claim, request claim, damage, loss, cost, responsibility and expenditure, including legal in any way arising from, or in relation to its access or use of the service, to its content or its violation of this agreement.
19.
Complete agreement; miscellaneous.
This agreement, together with the privacy policy, the disclosure of cookie, safety councils, the arbitration procedures (if applicable) and any conditions notified and accepted by the user if bought functions, products or services on offer additional service, is the complete agreement between the user and Tinder in relation to the use of the service.
If a clause of this agreement is considered part of the agreement, the remaining invalidate will continue to be valid and effective.
Failure exercise or the lack of enforcement by the company of any law or must not be a clause of this contract to sell this law or clause.
User accepts that your account is not transferable and that all the Tinder rights holding and its content on account after its death.
This agreement does not involve the creation of a business relationship, agency, partnerships, joint ventures, trustee or other special relationship and the user will not make statements on behalf of the company in any way or bind Tinder.
