Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20181216060210 / https: / / / / en / terms-of-service www.tumblr.com policy
General conditions for use of the service last modified: 2018-05-15.
Tumblr is a company in the united states and is subject to the laws and jurisdiction us.
The original version of these general conditions of use of service (in addition to any other conditions, policy or guidance provided the user) is in english.
Translated version of these conditions where a general use of the service (or any other conditions, policy or guidance provided user) differs from the english version, the latter is considered to be the official version.
These general conditions of use of the service contain limitations on the responsibility of tumblr in section 14.
Hello!
I welcome the general conditions of use of the service of tumblr.
Read carefully this document before using our site, services or products.
This document is a contract between you and tumblr.
We have also included several entries which are not part of the contract itself, but will highlight the main sections and help you to understand it.
We tried to be clear and direct.
Don't hesitate to contact us for any doubts or suggestions.
1.
Acceptance of the general conditions of use of the service
Read carefully these general conditions of use of the service and our guidelines of the community (the " agreement '), collectively before using (the " site ") and tumblr.com / or other domains, web sites, products, applications, mobile applications, services and / or content provided by, inc. (tumblr
Collectively with the site, services ') (tumblr, inc.,
Is a company of delaware and wholly owned by Oath inc.,
Also society delaware (" "), collectively indicated Oath together with its agents, advisers, employees, responsible and representatives directors, ", " " we, " or tumblr " our ").
Using or making access to services, you (" subscriber " or " ") to be bound by user accepts all the terms and conditions of this agreement.
If does not accept all the terms and conditions of this agreement, you mustn't or you are allowed to use the services.
Services custom tumblr may not be provided and it is impossible to implement the terms of this agreement without it is information about you and tumblr to other users.
Treatment information that is essential for the share with tumblr personalised services we provide and what do you expect to receive, including the content and the placement custom (as described below), and is a part necessary for carrying on our part of the agreement we concluded with you.
Want only to inform you that now is part of a company tumblr Oath professionals in the field of digital media and mobile over 50 brand throughout the world, part of the family of companies and therefore these general conditions of use verizon service applicable to your use, have been updated tumblr to reflect this change.
This section also includes an agreement on terms which you agreed to yield.
2.
Amendments to this agreement
Tumblr reserves the right to make amendments to this agreement (1) publishing the latest version of the agreement on and / or by the services and (2) by notifying the user that the agreement was amended, email where possible or by services (for example, by a notification on tumblr user or dashboard within our applications for mobile phones).
Changes will not apply retroactively.
User is responsible for monitoring and examine all modifications to this agreement.
Can requested a user to control and explicitly accept or refuse () a modified version of the agreement.
Changes become effective in this case, when the user will accept the amended version of the agreement.
Where user will not accept, he will also be allowed to use the services.
Where user is not being asked to accept explicitly a modified version of this agreement, but at the same was sent a notification as described above, the amended version of the agreement will become effective 14 days after the publication of the same and dispatch of the notification to the user.
Upon expiry of this period, the use of services by the user implies acceptance of the terms and conditions of the agreement as amended.
If the user does not accept these changes, it will not repair services, and should allow discontinue use.
Note that if the consumer has paid in advance any revenue service (as defined below) before it was made an amendment to this agreement, the use of the revenue service is governed by version of the current agreement when tumblr received the prepayment by the user.
Continual improvement and expansion of the contribution of changes to these tumblr implies general conditions of use of the service.
Whenever a change is user will be informed.
Tumblr will also bring the practice to publish the previous versions for ease of comprehension of changes / extra / deletions made.
To consult the previous versions, should flow until the end this document.
3.
Using services
Requirements:
You can't use services, provide information personal or otherwise send personal information through the tumblr services (including, for example, a name, telephone number and email address) if it is reached the minimum age.
The minimum age is (i) 13 (13) years or (ii) 16 (16) years for users in the eu (or the age lower under the country to provide the user's consent for the processing of personal data).
Services may be used only if the user is able to conclude a contract with binding and, therefore, is not on tumblr condition in which the legal is prohibited use these services.
You must have reached the minimum age for use tumblr.
This rule should be absolutely respected. "
But i'm old enough.
You might say.
No, we're sorry.
If you haven't reached the minimum age, do not use tumblr.
Ask your parents a playstation 4 or try to read books.
Changes and restrictions to service:
Services often change, and therefore form could be modified without any prior notice to function user.
Tumblr reserves the right to provide for restrictions on, and in relation to the use of services, sole discretion and at any time, with or without notice.
Tumblr could also impose restrictions on certain services or parts of such services or limit partially or wholly access user services without prior notice or responsibility.
Tumblr may at any time, amend, suspend or halt all or some of the services, including the availability of any product, function, database or as follows (content defined).
Tumblr may also at any time stopping or suspending accounts (as defined below) to your sole discretion.
Tumblr is a platform evolving.
Presenting constantly new products, services and functions, requires flexibility for changes, impose limits and occasionally to pause or end tenders (as, for example, certain functions that are unsuccessful).
We terminate or suspend any account at any time.
Looks like a strict, but we have this power when there is a reason, as described in these general conditions in our use of the service, and our privacy policy guidelines of the community.
Restrictions on use automatic:
User may not without prior written consent, carry out any of the following transactions during access or use of services: (a) tampering with or use of services, or public areas or computer systems and / or its tumblr service providers; (b) explore, or any system or network scan test (especially for vulnerabilities) or possibly try to violate or any measure of security or circumvent authentication; (c) access or seek access to, or or try to try to find the, services in any way (automated or other) who is not currently available through interfaces and published by tumblr (in accordance with those general conditions and only use the service), unless it is expressly authorised by robots.txt file or from other mechanisms tumblr exclusion automated; (d) tampering with services and, in particular, extract the contents (as defined below) services; (e) use the services to send information identified from the fraudulent or misleading origin as false, including
Not take action likely to to or to other users. tumblr
In this section are listed some typical examples of actions harmful.
4.
Registration url tumblr and security
As a condition for the use of certain services and so that they can be delivered to the user, we might need an account (" "), provide information on the account age and an email address, and select a password and a username tumblr, which will link layout for the blog also, who will be the default tumblr following form [username] (url) ".tumblr.com tumblr.
User must select a url tumblr different for each new blog created.
User agrees to provide for registration, tumblr, complete, accurate and up-to-date information, especially regarding the email address.
Is of paramount importance that the email address associated with the account user is accurate and up-to-date. tumblr
Where user password or, worse, forget suffers an attack phishing, an email address is often functioning fraudulent the only way that allows us to recover the account of the user.
User is also responsible to maintain confidentiality password and safety your account and shall notify immediately to loss, theft or tumblr any unauthorised use, actual or suspicion, of your account or password.
5.
Privacy
For information on how to collect, and shares the information using tumblr user, please consult our privacy policy.
Using services user agrees to have read the privacy policy, which describes the way in which we harvest, use and share (as indicated in the privacy policy) such information, including their transfer in the united states and / or to other countries for their storage, processing and use by tumblr and companies as its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as).
6.
Content and content of the subscriber
Definitions:
For purposes of this agreement: (1) the term " content ' means a creative expression and include, without any restrictions, video, audio, photographs, images, animations, illustrations, logo, tools, written answers, post comments, information, data, texts, software, script, executable files, graphics, issues (as defined under) and that can be built, interactive functions provided or made released by services; (2) " subscriber " means the content of the content that sends a subscriber or provides services transfers.
Content without restriction, includes all the contents of the subscriber.
User rights related to the content of the subscriber:
Subscribers retain ownership and / or each other right on the content of the subscriber and tumblr and / or third parties retain ownership and / or any other law on all the content that are not owned by the subscriber.
User retains ownership of any intellectual property made public on tumblr.
Licence tumblr the content of the subscriber:
When user provides a content of the subscriber services by tumblr, gives a right and a non-exclusive licence tumblr, worldwide, without royalties, and to use, host, sub-licenziabili transferable, store, play, publish store cached display (publicly or otherwise), run (publicly or otherwise), to distribute, submit, modify, adjust (including, without limitation, in order to adapt it to the requirements of the networks, devices or other services, by means of which services are made available) and create works derived, the content of the subscriber.
Rights user grants in this licence granted in order to allow are considered to provide services in their tumblr function, and improved advertise develop them.
This license, in the reference to " create " should not be understood as the derivative works concession to a right to make changes or tumblr derivations but, for example, publishing substantial permitting, which allows subscribers to re-blog to redistribute the content of the subscriber from tumblr a tumblr blog to another blog, in such a way as to allow these to add texts or other content before or soon after the content of the subscriber.
When user charge their creations on tumblr, provides the authorisation to make these creations in all ways under tumblr available (e.g. through the blog, the user, the rss tumblr and so on). dashboard
Tumblr will not take any action which has not been provided for by the user.
Additional information to be reported: the countless tumblr blog were created to give rise to books, movies, and other marks.
Is goes without saying that all royalties or repayments by the user for their creations obtained entirely user belong.
Works are owned by the user and is proud to have worked (albeit tumblr to a small extent) to this success.
User also accepts that this licence includes the right to make everything public tumblr available to third parties selected by, so that these tumblr third parties can sell and / or to such content on other media and services.
" Everything " to make available public partner means, but not limited to tumblr, distribution or the analysis under the so-called " flow " granted, which represents a tumblr real-time feed of all activities carried out on tumblr for partners such as public search engines.
Also note that this license on the content of the subscriber shall remain in force even after the interruption by user using services, primarily by the nature of social content services shared by tumblr.
When user is publicly available content, other users may choose to comments, thereby making the content part of a thread social that it later removed, would be an act of censorship retroactive against other users.
A factor before achieving a post: when the user public content on the internet, it is practically impossible remove all copies.
User also agree to meet the intellectual property rights of other users and represents and warrants to have all the rights necessary to allow the licence in relation to all tumblr content of the subscriber to us transferred.
Tumblr may add, at its own discretion, the code subsidiaries to link published, provided that the user on tumblr has not previously included the code subsidiaries in the appropriate link.
Users can disable this function here.
Licence content to the user:
As subscriber services, gives the user a licence to level tumblr world and not exclusive and not revocable non-transferable to download, store sub-licenziabile, view, show, perform, and create derivative works of contents only redistribute in relation to the use by the user of services and in strict compliance with the functionality and limitations of services (including, without limitation, the same pay services, as defined below).
This means, for example, which normally licenses the content to the user tumblr points re-blog.
Conformity with the guidelines of the community:
Accept not to infringe the guidelines of the community of tumblr.
Cancellation and elimination:
Following cancellation of your account, or once removed certain parts of the content of the subscriber services, will be made to make this tumblr content of the subscriber and cease using and inaccessible, where required by privacy policy applicable, to eliminate the data of your accounts and / or content of the subscriber, unless required or permitted in accordance with the provisions of the law these data store; however, the user recognises and accepts that: (a) the content of the subscriber eliminated may continue to lie in the cache memory or in a reasonable period of time and backup for that (b) copies or references to the content of the subscriber may not be removed in full (e.g. such as re-release on blogs).
The user can remove his account at any time here.
7.
Specific provisions for the application developers
If developments software or services based on services or on any content, is using the programming interface applications or not, and i accept commitments tumblr to respect its licensing contract for bees and application developers tumblr.
8.
Use of marks
Any use of trade marks, brand logo and other goods similar related services must use the branding tumblr tumblr and must comply with the approved guidelines marks tumblr.
9.
Issues
Tumblr provides a code html and css specific (" code model ") for the design and tumblr page layout blog that can be used on certain services (temes).
Certain themes are available for purchase as revenue service (as defined below) (these issues are set out below " premium '). as issues
Issues premium purchased shall not be transferred between different accounts, carried on a single account blog or services and are subject to the payment conditions described in this document.
Tumblr gives the user a licence to customize the code model in order to create their tumblr issues to be used on their blog (each a " pages ') customized theme.
User so wishes, can also help to ensure that its themes are used by other subscribers as custom content of the subscriber.
However, as a condition of this license that allows a user to create themes, the user has accepted custom these issues from different positions than property custom tumblr or websites approved without our permission, as set out in our guidelines of the community.
Also note that other subscribers may use the custom user once these issues have been removed from distribution.
User grants with this agreement subscribers a licence to use their issues custom irrevocable as provided by the user.
In other words, the user can remove and stop the distribution of its subscribers them but custom themes are already using will continue to do so.
To develop and distribute the themes which are themes, custom premium we expect you to contact us.
10.
Payment services
Some services require the payment of fees (the " payment services ", including, without restriction, issues premium).
All fees are expressed in us dollars.
User should pay all fees applicable in relation to those services, as described in the relevant services, in addition to the corresponding fees or additional costs.
Pay services are licences enabling the limited the use of specific user functions of payment services.
Using terms which sell, sale, purchase or buy expressions are all similar reference to acquisition by the user of a licence to use the payment services and does not represent any transfer of no rights, title or ownership of any kind.
User can not grant again, licence, transfer or exchange services for payment within or outside services, unless it is expressly allowed by the conditions governing such payment services.
Tumblr may, at his sole discretion, changing the function or eliminate services against payment or the terms and conditions under which the payment services are provided.
Purchases departments are final payment and non-refundable (especially for those services against payment that can be used immediately, such as promotions, such as defined), unless, at his sole discretion, tumblr requires otherwise and in any case in accordance with the conditions governing each revenue service
Closing account user or the disappearance of user rights covered by this arrangement, same can cause the loss of payment services purchased.
For example, if the user's account is suspended, the user would lose his license on any issue premium purchased.
Tumblr at any time, may amend the prices quoted for pay services.
Where applies, tumblr user, with reasonable notice, warn of any modification prices publishing the new tariffs on or through pay services relevant and / or by sending a notification via email.
Where user does not wish to pay the new tariffs, may choose not to carry out the purchase or to cancel the revenue service before the modification of tariffs to be effective.
11.
Specific provisions for the promotion
Functions services may allow the user to promote itself to others subscribers and some of these functions could be included in the payment services (" promotion ").
The additional conditions below are applicable to promotion:
All user promotes shall comply with this agreement.
Tumblr if it is, reserves the right to his sole discretion to cancel a promotion without reimbursement or right of appeal to the user.
Tumblr may remove or disable any for any reason to his promotion sole discretion.
Unless otherwise stated, does not guarantee any activity that may be tumblr received by promotion, without restriction, including click, and like. Re-blog
Tumblr can not monitor the way in which subscribers interact with promotions and is not responsible for the " click " invalid or other fraudulent action carried out by third parties, including, without limitation, subscribers.
Tumblr does not guarantee that its report relating to promotion or complete and accurate ensures that promotions have certain benefits.
Therefore tumblr can not in any way be considered responsible to the user or for any reporting or distorted or events related to incorrect performance promotion (e.g. any error in the way they are counted the or the like). Re-blog
Promotions targettizzare may allow some characteristics of subscribers.
Tumblr does not guarantee that special support always coming a certain type of audience.
User may cancel certain at any time according to their promotion function, but it is responsible for paying the promotion that have already been used or distributed by the services.
Sending promotion, allows the user to perform such promotion for the time tumblr user, that under specified for promotion, may also be permanent.
This licence ends when promotion was completed or cancelled.
However may require up to 48 hours before an (48) promotion within the service will cease.
12.
Limitation services available to guarantee; " " as are
Access and use by the user services or any content is for his own risk.
User recognised and accepted that the services are provided on a " as " and " how are available.
Without limit to the above, as much as permitted by the law, all the guarantees, tumblr declines explicit or implicit, about the fitness for a specific purpose, merchantability, and the absence of any infringement.
Tumblr does not provide any declaration or guarantee of any kind in relation to services, including any statement or guarantee that the use of services will be (a) early without interruptions or errors or that works in combination with any other hardware, software, system or given, (b) that meets the requirements of the user or his expectations, (c) which has no errors or defects will be corrected, (d) which does not entail virus or other components (s) which is harmful; or completely safe or information user share with us are safe.
Tumblr also does not provide any declaration or guarantee of any kind in relation to the content, in particular, the content of the subscriber is provided by and under the sole responsibility of the subscriber providing such content.
Any advice or information, oral or written, obtained from or through the services, can never tumblr not expressly stated in this agreement generate guarantees.
13.
Time-limit complaints and exemption from liability
User accepts that any complaint that could arise from or be relating to this agreement or the relationship between the user and tumblr, should be presented within one year from the time that the complaint should, otherwise the right to raise any complaint from the user is definitely abandoned.
User exempts, also as much as permitted by the law, tumblr and its staff, agents, advisers, managers, shareholders, any other person or entity who directly or indirectly controls, both under the joint control with or is directly or indirectly controlled by tumblr ("), the " affiliated tumblr from responsibility, bonds, complaints, and / or damage claims (actual and) of any kind or nature, consequenziali known or unknown (including, without limit disputes actions), derived from or related to colpose as follows:
Disputes between subscribers, including those between the user and subscribers.
Generally action third-party (i.e., individuals or entities other than tumblr or subsidiaries), including tumblr sites and services of third parties.
Disputes concerning any use or action taken on account user or by a third party.
Complaints concerning unauthorised access to any information relating to the account user or the contents stored in or on the accounts of the user, including, without any restrictions, unauthorised interception, use or alteration of such communications or the content of the user.
For clarity, includes all the complaints concerning the safety of account credentials.
Complaints concerning staff related in any way to any meeting and any place (" tumblr "), including, without meetup limit complaints relating to actions or omissions of any subscriber or third parties which will organise, in or are otherwise involved in any meetup, we call on the user to read our page on meetup for further information.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, company or not tumblr sponsors monitor in any way the meetup.
If the user is living in california, renunciation of civil code california § under which: " 1542, a waiver generic does not extend to complaints that the creditor or does not know the same can not in favour of suspected the existence at the time of signing of the surrender itself, and that, if we had known, would materially affected the agreement with the debtor.
14.
Limitation of liability
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, tumblr and subsidiaries tumblr can not be considered responsible for: (a) any damage indirect incidental, exemplary or punitive consequential of nature; (b) loss of QUALASIVOGLIA: profits, income, data, use, goodwill or other losses intangible; (c) damage from access, use or lack of access or services user UTILIZZAERE; (d) damage from any conduct or in any third party or subscriber using services, including without limit any conduct or content, offensive or defamatory illegal; and / or (e) any damage on any content.
This restriction is applicable to all the complaints, whether based on contract guarantees, wrongful act or on any other legal right, whether or not he was aware of these tumblr damage and even if a remedy provided for in this agreement was considered unsuitable for a specific purpose.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, overall responsibility for and of subsidiaries tumblr for any tumblr complaint within the meaning of this agreement, including any implied guarantee is limited to the maximum of $ 100 (us $ 100) or the sum paid by the user for the use of services.
15.
Exclusions guarantees and limitation of liability
Certain jurisdictions might not give the exclusion of certain guarantees or exclusion / limitation of liability as laid down in paragraph 14 above therefore limitations described above may not be applicable to the user.
16.
Resolution
Either party may terminate this agreement at any time by notification to the other party.
Tumblr may be terminated or immediately suspend the access of the user or the possibility for the user to use some or all of the services, without any prior notice or without any responsibility, for whatever reason or for no reason, including without limitation any, the abuse by the user of terms and conditions of this agreement.
Tumblr particularly may cease or immediately suspend accounts that were reported for having broken rights repeatedly copyright.
Once press access or the possibility of using services, including, without any restrictions, the suspension of the user account to a service, the user's right to use or through that service and all its contents stopped.
Expectations of this agreement, which by their nature will continue to be applicable, will continue to be applied, including, without any restrictions, clauses on ownership and limitations guarantees and responsibility.
The termination of right of access and use services user it raises by any resulting from prior to this obligation or rising nor limits any responsibility user termination to or any third party involved and, if tumblr user is a resident in the european economic, do not deprived of their rights as described in the privacy policy.
17.
Jurisdiction and dispute resolution
User tumblr and agree to resolve any complaint or dispute, whether by law or equity, derived from this agreement or by the services, under this section or as agreed between tumblr and user in writing.
Before referring to a formal resolution of the dispute, strongly encourage user to contact us to find a solution.
Law and jurisdiction for controversy:
All aspects of this agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of new york as applicable to agreements concluded, and to be fully executed, in the territory of new york between residents of new york, notwithstanding any principle applicable to conflicts of laws.
User accepts that any claim or dispute which may have against tumblr is determined by a court exclusively federal or state of the county of new york, new york, unless otherwise agreed between the parties.
User agrees to comply jurisdiction staff courts located in new york county, new york, to discuss any claim or dispute.
If the user is (a) an agency or separate local government federal or state of the united states, (b) using services in their official capacity and (c) legally is unable to accept the clauses contained in this section, then this section will not be applied.
For such entities, this agreement and any action on are governed by the laws of the united states of america, notwithstanding any principle applicable on conflicts of law, and, where federal laws and to the extent permitted by federal law, the laws of the state of new york, excluding the choice of jurisdiction.
18.
Various
This agreement, as from time to time, as is the full agreement between the user and tumblr relating to contract.
This agreement replaces all the agreements and arrangements, informal pre-dated by or contemporary, written or oral, relating to the object of the same and represents the full and only agreement between the parties.
Failure exercise of each party, in any way, one of the rights provided for here is not a renunciation of any further law under this agreement.
If any anticipation of this agreement is considered inapplicable, blank or this forecast will be removed or applied as much as necessary, so that the agreement remain valid and applicable.
User is not allowed to sell, transfer or this agreement unless sub-licenziare on written authorisation by tumblr.
Tumblr can give this agreement, in whole or in part, at any time without the user's authorisation.
This agreement, does not create any agency report, partnerships, shared responsibility, joint ventures or dependence and the user does not have any authority to constrain in any aspect. tumblr
Any communication addressed to tumblr, under this agreement, or authorised request must be sent in writing and will be considered valid at the receipt, when delivered by an express personally, by post priority, recognised implemented, or certified or registered mail mail in envelopes preaffrancate
Tumblr, inc.
770 broadway
New york, ny, 10003,
Attn: legal department
.
19.
Specific clauses for subscribers resident outside the united states
Tumblr provides products at world level and allows a community global individuals share and to monitor the situation they love.
Servers tumblr and activities are, however, located in the u.s. and the policy and procedures are based on tumblr us acts.
Therefore conditions below shall apply to subscribers residents outside of the us: (1) the user accepts that tumblr, and will be the information of moving archivierà user, including, without limitation, the content of the subscriber and any personal data, the united states and / or in other countries in order to provide the user services and the implementation of this agreement; and (2) if the consumer uses services from a country in the united states embargo or present in the list of " countries to special designation of the treasury department of the united states user accepts can not undertake any financial transaction or conduct any business using or through the services (e.g. purchase issues) premium.
Send a notice of infringement
20.
Dmca copyright policy
Tumblr has adopted the following policy compared to copyright infringement on services, in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (dmca " ").
Designated tumblr address of the agent for applications for copyright infringement for removal (" ") is designated agent below.
You can send a request in accordance with our form for reports in using dmca on copyright.
Reporting applications relating to copyright infringement:
User considers that the content or this, or through the services, accessible on a copyright is invited to send a breach reporting of copyright infringement, containing the following information designated agent at below:
Identification of the work or material that is believed to be was ignored.
Identification of the material is to be in breach, including its location, in sufficient detail to tumblr is able to locate him and verify their existence.
Contact details of the party who send reporting (the " "), including notifying party name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that the notifying party considers in good faith that the material not authorized the legitimate holder, his agent or of the law.
A declaration under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the report is accurate and that the notifying party is authorized to file a complaint on behalf of the holder of the copyright.
A signature natural or electronic a person authorised to act on behalf of the holder of copyright which was allegedly breached.
It is also noted that the information provided in a report of a breach of the copyright may be made on a subscriber which has issued the contents presumably in copyright infringement.
Once removed the material in accordance with a valid request based on the dmca, responsible for the equipment shall notify without delay to the subscriber tumblr presumably in such content has been removed violation or access has been deactivated.
Tumblr will cease in certain circumstances, accounts of subscribers who have repeatedly violated the copyright and reserves the right to his sole discretion, to end any relationship with subscribers who have broken actually or copyright. presumably
Contronotifica sending an under dmca:
User considers itself to be the recipient of a wrongly reporting pursuant to, may apply to a tumblr contronotifica dmca provide the following information to the designated agent at below:
Url specification of the material that has been removed or which has shut down tumblr access.
The name, address, telephone number and e-mail address).
Declaration which user recognises the jurisdiction of the federal district courts for the district in which is situated the address of the judicial user (or district courts located in county, new york federal new york, if the address is outside of the united states), and that the user accepts the notification of proceedings brought by the person who gave the initial notification under dmca by an agent or acting on behalf of that person.
The following statement: " i swear, under penalty of perjury, to believe in good faith that the material has been removed or deactivated in error or incorrect identification of material to remove or off. "
Signing of the user.
Upon receipt of the, refer to the notifying party contronotifica tumblr which sent the original reporting under dmca.
The notifying party (or the holder of the copyright which that party is 10 days) will have to inform legal action for presenting tumblr concerning the alleged infringement of copyright.
If tumblr does not receive such notification within 10 days, the material in question will be restored in services.
Named
Tumblr, inc.
770 broadway
New york, ny 10003
The ca:
Copyright agent
Fax: + 1 (646) 513-4321
Email: @ tumblr.com dmca
Form reports on copyright: https: / / www.tumblr.com / dmca
21.
Information on the open source
User can find information on the use of open-source software packages our the following link:
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / ios-credits
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / android-credits
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / web-credits
Links to previous versions
User will find the previous versions of the general conditions of use of the service on github, that allows a user to compare the older versions and display which conditions have been updated.
Github.com https: / / / / / / / tumblr policy commits master terms _ of _ service / en / terms _ of _ service.txt
