Conditions for using services ubisoft
Last updated: 12 may 2020
" Respect all the same rules of play '
Ubisoft welcome in the universe.
We read the present conditions of use.
Team ubisoft create so that our experiences extraordinary and unforgettable players can have fun, share and grow through games and applications, websites and services online (what we call our " services ").
So you can make the best of our services, we have developed rules governing our community and must be respected by all: you, the other players and ourselves.
Using services and content described below, accept these " conditions for fisheries.
1 what is meant by services and content ubisoft?
This article provides a clear definition of services and lists the documents to read before access.
1.1 ubisoft services (the ") include services games, the content, seasonal and other software subscriptions downloadable game (content on disc or other physical medium or downloaded or streaming) and other software products and services online and mobile, including their functions and other characteristics, together with any online update them, their websites and upgrades, the platform and any other platform, the Uplay ubisoft service subscription, the events hosted live, Uplay + servers, software and the framework through which are supplied to the user, or in the future, by ubisoft entertainment currently or a s.a. of its subsidiaries or subsidiaries, including ubisoft emea sas and ubisoft s.p.
A.. (collectively, " " or " we. " but
1.2 these conditions of use (the " conditions ') concerning access to and the use of such services by the user (the " user " or " you ").
Using services and content (defined below), and agree to respect these conditions will use and any specific criterion of age and territory.
Additional conditions may be applied to a specific service, such as the conditions of sale of the licence agreement with ubisoft store the end-user and the code of conduct: (the " code of conduct ').
In addition, our privacy policy provides a clear understanding of how we treat personal data collected during the use of services.
We read all these documents before access to a service.
" Content " means any element of services, including, for example, but not exhaustive elements game elements customization, maps, all the avatar, graphics, music and sound, gameplay texts, all messages or information, names, themes, objects, scenarios, costumes, effects, dialogue, slogans, locations, characters, diagrams, concepts, video, effects, choreography audiovisual domain names.
This includes elements created by you and by other users on content generated by the user (as described in article 11); the currency virtual (referred to in article ubisoft 3.3) and the content of test (as described in article 12).
1.3 services and content are licensed to user, not sold.
This means that you a right and a personal licence grant limited non-transferable and for the use of services and access content access for entertainment staff, a non-commercial use, provided that they comply with the present conditions.
2 creating an account and what we have to know when you create an account?
This article describes the stages and the security rules applicable for the creation of an account and the selection of the username ubisoft and / or avatar for access to our services.
2.1 we might need an account (account ") for " ubisoft access and use certain services, and also to play online.
You can create it by providing information accurate, comprehensive and updated, including an e-mail address valid.
Can verify the accuracy of this information, even controlling the telephone numbers and e-mail address, in particular to protect minors, other users and prevent the risk of fraud.
User agrees to send the necessary documents (which may include a copy of the identity card or passport) by any means at our request.
For information or in case of applications on account, we expect you to visit https: / / support.ubi.com / account or https: / / account.ubisoft.com.
2.2 security of account.
Any use of account with your password, in particular any purchase of services, will be considered as instructed by you.
To ensure the safety of account:
To alpha-numeric strong. please choose a password)
For safety reasons, can reject a password that is not strong enough to protect your account.
B) please enter a password other than any other password that uses and amended regularly.
C active verification in two passages and any other option security provided in your account settings.
(D) not share for any reason the details of your account (username, password...) with anyone.
You never ask revealing your password.
Not authorize) and nobody to access and / or use your account.
2.3 agrees to inform us as soon as possible at http: / / support.ubi.com of any unauthorised use of your username, password or other information of your account and any breach of security for services which are informed.
2.4 creation of username / avatar.
We might need a user name and / or an avatar for access and use certain services.
They will be linked to your account displayed and publicly.
You advise therefore not to include your real name in username proposed.
Can not choose a username or an avatar as (i) is already used by another user or associated with another account or (ii) contains " " or " or the " ubisoft ubi logo ubisoft.
We reserve the right to our sole discretion to refuse any user name and / or avatar user preferred.
2.5 different accounts.
Don't create, unless you specifically authorised different account.
Chiuderai recognize that in this case, your account additional at our request, or that we could turn your account thereafter.
3 conditions which apply to the use of our services?
This article highlights the specific conditions applicable to certain services and content (as forum), and some means to virtual money have access to our services (including mobile devices).
3.1 forum.
Services may contain forum, groups of information, chat or other types of areas of online discussion (collectively known as " forum ").
When uses forums, you must be aware that your avatar, your username and your messages will be public and from any user that visit forums visualizzabili (unless it is a private forum).
The messages are sent to your peril.
You're the only responsible for their submission, publication and dissemination.
Note these security measures when tell under the with other users forum:
Never share information that may be used to identify you in real life.
Never accept requests to meet in real life, a person with whom you, particularly if this person you chattato requests maintaining conversations or secret meetings and refuses any invitation to enter app outside services or channels.
Mean any conduct or content deemed inappropriate, including suspected or chat you had with other users and that they put you uncomfortable.
Insured someone to talk to belonging to your inner circle and uses the function when available in service, a blacklist to make sure not to receive junk.
3.2 ubisoft store.
Give you a chance to buy products through our online store available to address https: / / / or through the platform Uplay store.ubi.com.
Can confine your ability to buy products on the basis of various criteria, including, for example, the age, limited quantities of products available, etc. we can offer to which they apply regularly promotional offers separate conditions.
3.3 claims, virtual money.
Can concederti licensed access or use of online or offline elements of services, including, for example, points virtual coins or currencies (the " virtual " currency collectively ubisoft.
Where get the virtual money from us by our partners or ubisoft authorised receive a licence staff, limited non-assignable, not exclusive access to access and select the virtual money that we expressly at your disposal. but
Money virtual ubisoft has no monetary value or value outside our services.
Money virtual can not be sold, marketed, ubisoft transferred or exchanged against cash; can only be blackmailed services. with the content available
Money virtual ubisoft shall not be redeemable and the user is not allowed to the repayment of any currency virtual, unless it is unused ubisoft required by law.
Once redeemed the virtual money with the contents, such content not ubisoft are repayable, exchangeable or eligible.
3.4 electronic payment can put at your disposal on your account an electronic payment (" Wallet).
The electronic payment is not a current account or a payment instrument or fund in which it may invest:
Is not a property right staff,
May only be used to buy content and services at ubisoft,
It has no value outside services and can not be traded against cash and
Unless required by law shall not be redeemable nor transferable.
Ubisoft may limit the maximum amounts of funding:
Available on the Wallet.
That you can add daily / monthly; and / or on the Wallet
To spend using the Wallet.
Updates these limits occasionally at our discretion.
3.5 prepaid cards.
Ubisoft may allow the user to purchase and / or redeem prepaid cards to buy content and / or services and / or fund a Wallet.
Can not be financed a Wallet applying the value of a given prepaid card if the Wallet has already reached the limit laid down in article 3.4.
3.6 protective measures technical-internet connection-digital rights management.
Can protect some technical protection and services using digital rights management, such as the physical protection, the activation of digital watermarking, keys the approval.
Permanentea may require a broadband internet connection to access online play online functions and access and use some content, including the content that can be released only once with a key only and some services which complement the technology for digital rights management.
3.7 mobile services.
Accessible some services via mobile phones, smartphones, tablets, and certain other mobile terminals compatible.
To this end, it is necessary to have the permission of the person who pays the bill of mobile terminal and have access to the internet via that mobile terminal.
The use of mobile terminal can lead to connection cost for which we are not responsible.
Some mobile telephony services offer purchases and during the game. microtransazioni
The comfort level may vary depending on the capacity and functions of the mobile terminal and the communication network.
We can not guarantee a comfort of what it feels like when you connect to the services through other devices.
4 how we can change our services?
This article specifies the conditions under which we can change our services and content, including the price.
4.1 premise.
We do not ensure that services are available at all times and in all places in the world and / or on all the devices.
We do not guarantee that we will continue to offer any service for a minimum period of time.
We reserve the right to suspend all or part of the services at any time.
4.2 alteration in the prices of services.
We reserve the right to change prices for services, including from a revenue service to a free and vice versa.
The new price applies only to orders sent after its entry into force.
4.3 amendment of access to services and content.
Ubisoft) in may amend the content for any reason, at any time, in particular for technical reasons, as updates, maintenance and / or reset in order to improve and / or optimise services.
(B) can we ask or to allow the user to downloading software, updates, patch and / or other utility and instruments provided by us or by our (" software " ubisoft licensees).
You bestow a personal, non-transferable non-exclusive licence and that allows you to use the software ubisoft exclusively for using services, throughout the world and for the period of legal protection of software, in accordance with the ubisoft intellectual property rights.
Can determine the conditions of use of this software ubisoft when it is made available.
Performance ubisoft software and services can vary according to the hardware used.
Occasionally can provide updates or changes of software which may be necessary for ubisoft continue to use the services.
(C) such changes may affect the services and / or acquired rights by the user or involve " setbacks " into the environment of game.
(D) can also:
Set a maximum number of days during which a content will be stored as part of the services;
Set a maximum volume of messages that can be sent or received by an account;
Set a maximum capacity of memory that will be allocated from our server to an account.
Set a maximum number of times the user can access the services, with a maximum duration for each access for a limited period of time.
5 what are the rules to promote an environment of play and a community in which friendship, safety and marketing and loyalty?
This article sets out the rules of conduct to be complied with and behaviour, in order to promote a prohibited gaming environment and a community friendly, safety and loyalty.
5.1 we want to offer to all users a gaming environment cozy, safe and kind, both during the game at any time within our services.
It is particularly important, as within our services users of different ages, including the annoveriamo children.
To ensure that users feel part of a community friendly, safe and fair, it is necessary that everybody observe the following rules (the " rules of conduct.
5.2 can only use the services and the intended use for licit purposes.
Shall not be used services in violation of any law or regulation in force.
5.3 below is a list not complete prohibited behaviour that may lead to investigations by of our staff and may involve penalties (as described in article 6):
1.
Create an account with false information registration (e-mail address, date of birth, etc.).
2.
Create, using a username or an avatar inappropriate.
This includes, for example, the use of names, images:
· falsehoods, sexual or language containing references, approves terrorism, hateful fascism, child abuse; or
· are somehow religious, political or prone to create disputes or divisions.
3.
Impersonate any user or delegate.
This includes for example:
· creating an account with a striking similarity to another account or user existing with the intention of this alleged without his consent; impersonate user
The dissemination of comments or creating an account that makes other users to believe that come from our representative or by someone who has a similar authority.
4.
Molest intimidate users, abused, and / or our representatives (i.e. our employees, the members of our community, star player, etc.) (moderators) by any form of communication, (including, for example, through instruments to create content, through forum, in the game or voice communication and chat over), on whatever medium services and / or on any site of third parties.
This includes for example:
· Trolling (publication of messages or not on the controversial deliberately intention to cause others),
Flaming ' (others), constantly insulting
· spamming (publish meaningless or irrelevant repeatedly messages or messages the same or similar repeatedly)
· use of language or content deemed inappropriate, illegal, dangerous, threatening, abusive, offensive, obscene, sexually explicit, vulgar, privacy, hideous, diffamatori invasive, sexist, racist, homophobic, offensive or which are ethically transfobi harassment.
5.
Endanger children and any action against children, including inadequate:
· solicitation (encourage users to commit acts inappropriate or illegal within and / or outside a service);
· commenting, pm, content generated by users on inappropriate behaviour against children, including for example physical or sexual abuse, pornography or any other content without respect;
· moves or comment listed in these rules of conduct that is direct or concerns children.
6.
Use all means possible not expressly allowed by ubisoft to collect or data in the context of other users intercept services.
This includes for example:
' Phishing (trying to get any user personal information, information relating to an account or other information of a private nature);
· doxing (detection or anyone personal information reproduce or provide another user);
Online sniffing ' (data capture through theft or interception network traffic).
7.
The use of any element affecting the our intellectual property rights or those of third parties or other rights.
8.
Leaks or create, use, and / or share publish by any means within and / or outside services, anything that might infringe a duty of confidentiality, violating the right to privacy of an individual or incite to commit an unlawful act (e.g.
Piracy cracking or use software counterfeit).
9.
Sell rent market, organise, modify, disassembling,, translate, decompilare decode, play, distribute, disseminate, adapt, transfer, index, copy, reprint extract and / or automate any information, or other item of software product content and / or services by any means without our expressed prior authorization.
10.
Amend block, distort, abnormally slow down, stop, increasing and / or impede the normal functioning total or partial services, or their accessibility to other users or the operation of networks partners services, or try to do any of the actions described above;
This includes, for example, the execution of ddos attack (distributed denial-of-service).
11.
Transmit trojan horses, or spread viruses, worms, bombs, file corrupt and / or destructive or similar devices and / or organise corrupt data, participate in any way or be involved in an attack on our server and / or services and / or against those of our services providers and / or partners.
12.
Use spread or " or " macro " programmes " car, including, for example, any use and / or dissemination of any programme cheat, hack, bot, script, learning or software applications.
13.
Use or services through a mirror site spread.
14.
Any type of tampering that gives a user (and / or one or more teammates) an unfair advantage (e.g.,) or detrimental wallhack aimhack to the experience of other users.
15.
Exploit live transmission of another issuer to obtain an unfair advantage or molest a broadcaster in, such as stream sniping game.
16.
Any conduct which should flow general gameplay in itself, any game or any service, such as forum, as a guide:
' Spamming,
" Away from keyboard " (), AFK
' Farming,
· advertising or stress of other products,
· harassment in the game and bad, including under sportsmanship merely indicative, killing team, in anger, block interactions outlet of players and / or any other behaviour within the game designed to disturb or cut off the flow of general gameplay.
17.
Exploitation any anomalies in the operation or bug in order to obtain an unfair advantage compared to other users or threaten the overall balance or the economy of the service.
18.
Benefit from assistance from other users or offer help to other users to obtain an unfair advantage.
This includes for example:
' Teaming with users cheat;
· teaming with users in order to increase their level tested / statistical areas a game usually reserved for beginners.
· create an account to accomplish team with beginners or less experienced users to help them so unfair to improve their level / statistics.
19.
Purchase and / or exploit and / or promote benefit of unauthorised person, as " services in order to improve the match making ratio. "
20.
Access or attempt to access parts services unauthorised;
21.
Create to use alternative methods of using services, for example through; server version
22.
Reprint any content previously on moderate or other services forum.
23.
Block voice communication, using sound intentionally to break the voice chat for others.
24.
Circumvent restrictions regional service with the help of proxy, or other tools. vpn
25.
Do misuse of servicing or buttons request / sending report or make false report members of staff of ubisoft, including the servicing.
26.
Fraud reversal of the expense of credit card or " " resulting debit. chargeback
A chargeback may include the theft of credit card, identity theft or use not approved by family or friends.
27.
Swindle, trying to cheat or deceive others to get goods or money.
28.
Buy, sell, rent, share, be exchange or transfer in any other way your account and / or the means to access and / or allow in any way to a party external use them, both in terms of services on a website of third parties.
29.
Refuse to obey the instructions of our representative.
6 which sanctions may be applied to prevent and combat prohibited behaviour?
This article lists some of disciplinary action and legal that we can take to combat practices harmful to the environment of play and the community.
If breach of these conditions and / or a code of conduct, we have the option of applying disciplinary action.
Sanctions are decided from time to time, on a case-by-case basis, on the basis of a number of criteria, including, as a guide, the seriousness of the infringement, the number of violations and the impact of violations on services, on to other users and / or on our representatives.
Below list not full of sanctions that can be applied:
1.
Issuing a warning,
2.
Disabling any username, avatars or password.
3.
Restoring progress in game to a state previous
4.
Low blood account or level / points associated with a given service
5.
Removal access to particular functions (including the chat) on one or more services,
6.
Issue a temporary ban account to one or more services,
7.
Issue a ban long-term account to one or more services,
8.
Prevention of access to one or more services on a particular device and / or
9.
Suspension or closure of the accounts and / or the possibility of using one or more services, or part thereof as described below in article 8.2.
Solutions anti-cheat owned by ubisoft can use and / or third to identify and / or behaviour unauthorised imposing sanctions concerned.
Can restrict access user to all or part of the services if the user takes the criminal conduct we suspect inside or outside services, in order to maintain an environment friendly, safe and fair for our users.
Also we reserve the right to initiate legal proceedings for reasons of civil or criminal liability to terminate a breach of obligations legal or contractual by the user and receive compensation for losses incurred by us.
In particular, we reserve the right to prosecute any user who has deliberately damaged or tried to damage the services or stop the legitimate functioning of the service or to provide assistance to do so.
7 as they may report behaviour and contained prohibited?
This article gives the necessary information and the procedure to be applied to report content, in the opinion which infringes user, these conditions and / or the intellectual property rights of third parties.
7.1 contained in violation to these conditions.
If you think any content made available services does not comply with these conditions, we expect you to using the option " report, " segnalarcelo if available in service, or contacting our servicing clients at https: / / support.ubi.com.
To help us to respond quickly to alert, please include as far as possible:
The date of reporting;
Your name, postal address and e-mail address;
Identification and description of the content which, in your opinion, is at odds with these conditions, indicating the exact location;
The reasons for which this, you reckon content does not comply with these conditions and should be removed from the services, citing article of these conditions with the proof, where possible;
A statement specifying that you think all the information contained in the report are correct.
7.2 contained in violation to intellectual property rights.
Respect the intellectual property rights of third parties and we expect our users will do likewise.
If you think any content made available services violate your intellectual property rights, we expect you to sending an e-mail at segnalarcelo Copyright-infringement and report information @ ubisoft.com listed below:
The information required in article 7.1.
Proof that you are allowed to act on behalf of the holder of the right of / / assumed is / are violated state (s) (s) or if you act on behalf of your company, the type of society, its name, its registered office and your function within society.
Clear identification of work protected from your intellectual property rights have been violated and that asserisci any element that proves the existence of such rights;
Where appropriate, information relating to any registration of such rights or applications for the registration of these rights, including the countries in which they were registered or in which it was made the request, the period of validity and the numbers of application or registration;
Mail sent to copy content that it requires the author contested withdrawal or modification, or a justification of the fact that the author could not be contacted.
7.3 as will get them.
After receiving a report, we reserve the right to act as we should.
Reserve in particular the right to cancel and / or off the contents and ask users to cease reported the use of such content.
Where cut or any content published in contravention of present disattiviamo conditions and / or to intellectual property rights of third parties, we reserve the right to apply the penalties referred to in article 6.
User acknowledges that a false reporting intentionally content to secure his wrongly removal or for dissemination on our services is punishable discontinue under law.
8 account may be terminated?
Explains how this article may be terminated an account on our part or by the user and the consequences of such closure.
Yes.
Is on your initiative on our part.
8.1 cessation of accounts to yourself.
Can close the account at any time by completing a form on: https: / / or closing the account on: support.ubi.com https: / /, using the tab " information on account.ubisoft.com account ' where in particular will not accept these conditions or an updated version of it.
8.2 cessation of account or access to the service on our initiative.
Can suspend or closing your account and your ability to use one or more services or part of the services, at any time, automatically and at our sole discretion if:
We formally requested to provide the proof of your identity or to cease action, behaviour or a breach of these conditions;
Have reasonable grounds to believe that you violated these conditions (including the rules of conduct), or any specific time-limit on any service;
For any other reason related to your inside or outside of services;
Prior notification, where the account remained inactive for more than six months.
Where user has more than one account, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate all accounts after one has been suspended or terminated on our part under this procedure.
8.3 consequences of the termination / suspension of an account.
You'll never use the services and content.
Lose and we could cancel, your profile and the information that you sent, together with any content you have published, loaded, made available services, in particular your username, avatar (or avatars) and content you generated.
We reserve the right to store personal data referring to your profile for a reasonable period of time, as shown in our privacy policy.
We may also prevent you from create a new account without our explicit consent to our discretion, via https: / / support.ubi.com.
In case of closure of accounts, you will never more access to your account and you will lose all save files and progression of the game relating to services.
If cessation of account or services associated with the account is not accredited credit (for services not used, the period of subscription unused, points or the unused) and ubisoft virtual money will be converted into cash or any other compensation.
9 access to our services by children
This article specifies the manner in which children can create an account and access to our services, with the help of parents / legal guardians.
9.1 if the user is in their country of residence must minor read these conditions with the help of the parents or guardian.
9.2 if you're a parent or guardian, we recommend to monitor the activities of game of children, especially online, and become familiar with parental controls made available on our website and / or by our partners.
Encourage you to our corner parents, " a page developed in collaboration with experts, players and other parents, available at https: / / / / / ubisoft.com, where parents.aspx company en-us some of the questions you will get the answers we receive more frequently and provide advice and guidelines.
9.3 can restrict access to certain services for reasons based on age and for children under a certain age, we can allow only registering for certain services, with the consent of the parent or guardian.
9.4 within the limits of the law, we do not assume any responsibility on any activity that may be carried out by children without the permission of their parents or legal guardians.
In any case, the use of services by children is the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians.
If you're a parent or legal guardian and make your consent to your son consistent services, accept the conditions related to use of services by your son.
10 which intellectual property rights are connected to our services and content?
This article provides information on rights linked to our services, content and our policy of sending contributions.
10.1 services and content are protected by national and international laws and treaties.
Except as expressly laid down in these conditions, we, and our licensees, we reserve our respective licenzianti and intellectual property rights (defined below) in services and in content.
Is forbidden reproduction or representation of these elements in any way and for any reason without our prior consent.
" Intellectual property rights ' means rights of patents, invention, copyright and related rights, trade marks, trade names, related rights, rights of advertising, business secrets, domain names, rights on presentation, on rights setting up or subpoena for unfair competition, rights of unfair competition design rights, rights, rights database, software, moral rights, rights to rights topographical confidential information (including the know-how and the trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in any case registered or non-registered, and including all requests, renewals or extensions of these rights, and all rights or similar forms of protection or equivalent anywhere in the world.
10.2 you the possibility of sending reviews, comments and suggestions, proposals, or other materials (the ' contributions ') feedback on services or outside them.
Appreciate your enthusiasm, but recognize that we have no obligation to contributions not required, including, for example, no obligation to accept, to examine or return any material or acknowledge receipt of any aid.
Therefore accept that products, services or functions that we developed or published may appear similar or identical to those contributions is not required.
11 as conditions for content that can create / load the user on our services?
This article explains the different types of content that can create, edit and share the user on our services and the related rights granted to and to other users on content. but
Ubisoft offers the chance (s) to create a content likely to be original and / or free from rights (the " content generated by users " or "), using the instruments and, ugc where necessary, the content put at your disposal by ubisoft in certain services, and (ii) to publish this by means of services, / ugc or on other websites and / or other media within the limits of conditions set out below.
If ugc, you create a you to respect steadily during and after the impegnerai creation of this, the provisions of these conditions. on
Conditions will continue to apply after the termination of your account.
11.1 ugc derived from pre-existing ubisoft content:
Declares up ugc may be developed and created using instruments and / or based on the content existing owned by which, in particular and ubisoft, but not limited, securities, characters, names, themes, objects, wallpapers, costumes, dialogs, effects, texts, slogans, places, characters, schemes, concepts, design, graphics, animations, sounds, musical compositions, choreography and other performances, video, effects, audiovisual and any other element of a user-friendly interfaces game or services.
In this respect, declare to accept that will be the only ubisoft hold all the fee ugc from pre-existing realize that content, regardless of the method and by ubisoft time of its implementation.
Accepting these conditions, make your consent to cede irrevocably to free of charge, all ubisoft, rights of exploitation that you can have on concerned, including under ugc indicative, rights to trademarks, patents, trade secrets, copyright, related rights and rights of advertising, allowing the following rights, freely dispose of ubisoft listed as presentation and but not limited to:
1.
The right to permanently or temporarily with every means and in any form, in any form or known as yet unknown, ugc and in particular:
· entitled to integrate the totally or partially ugc all products or services ubisoft.
· entitled to load and unload, view, run, transmit and / or store by any means, at any location and, in any form ugc and all products incorporating all or part of on;
· entitled to adapt, correct, develop,,, and to translate digitize encrypting in any way ugc and results play such an operation, by whatever means and on whatever medium existing or future;
· law to implement any copy of all or part of and all products integral everything on or part of the, including the ugc modified versions, or adapted, as many times as translated by ubisoft, by any process and decided on all media (in particular digital media, cd, cd-roms, dvds, game cartridges, mobile phones, pda, internet, etc.);
· entitled to place on the market for consideration or free of charge, and the right to distribute (including rental, sale and the loan) all or part of the ugc, including the modified versions or adapted, and all products containing ugc in any process and on any material known or unknown to today.
Ugc · the right to by any means, in any form, in any form, and as necessary in relation to rights of exploitation below;
2.
The right to represent and disseminate ugc anywhere accessible to the public and private, anywhere by any means or process and on any medium known or unknown to date (and in particular the transmission, cable and satellite broadcast, the optical fiber, the pay-tv or in clear, transmission through computers, the internet, the adsl, platforms for the provision of video, the web tv and the video stream, streaming, television on the cell, MMDS catch up tv);
3.
The right to use in any manner ugc for commercial or non-commercial, demonstration, all the promotional and advertising products and services ubisoft.
4.
The right to make available to the public, in particular through transfer licence or other type of contract in any form, either temporarily or permanently, against payment or free of charge, ugc or any product ugc as widely as possible an integral, by any means known or unknown and in particular today via the internet or any digital network, pay-per-view, pay for play, television broadcasting, and, in general, through any carrier and / or network (in particular networks and carriers analog or digital networks and carriers, telecommunications and computer networks and carriers);
5.
The right to proceed or arrange to achieve any new products or services from the ugc or any product containing put as ugc's or modified, or by any third party by ubisoft of its choice;
6.
The right to exploit ugc with products containing ugc in particular: -
· entitled to use and / or exploit all or part of any product containing ugc, and ugc in any form, with or without adaptation to exploitation, in the form of products " ", in particular in view merchandising derivatives of, for example, and without this declaration is a limitation: publish or achieve books or comics, guides and strategy based on the books and / or the graphic games scenario and / or services, magazines, calendars, stationery, adhesives, posters, cartels office articles, computer accessories or game consoles, wallpapers, figurines, games, toys, screensaver of any material, textile, ceramic tableware, drawings, elements (in particular through mail display advertising on the internet), reproduction and sound or visual representation (in particular coverage, documentaries, films, theatrical performances, theme parks, etc.) and any other subject incorporating in its substance, shape, decoration, package or presentation, all or part of the on;
· entitled to disney (), " " followed, " ", " " prequel added " and any conversion of any spin-off game or any other material which includes ugc for any platform, in any language and in whatever form, at the discretion of ubisoft.
And generally speaking, all the prerogatives of author on its work. capital
The assignment of rights shall be granted worldwide and for the duration of protection by the law applicable. each on
Ubisoft or any third party to whom the rights to the were transferred pursuant to this article ugc may deposit or record any questions related to intellectual property rights on the ugc on his behalf for all the countries of the world.
User undertakes to (i) sign and provide any document necessary requested by ubisoft or transferee third part, for any purpose of registration, and in particular to sign any question act of disposal or other document which may be required in order to allow a third party or the transferee to perform ubisoft recording and obtaining, patents, economic rights, the registration of designs and any other form of protection on the ugc and be recognised as a full rights capital and land on the ugc and (ii) make any necessary assistance to or to third parties, at the expense ubisoft cessionari or third of ubisoft involved in any action, transferee procedure or stage aimed at implementation of clauses of this article in both france and abroad.
Where a court competent to rule that all or part of the rights created by you can not be effectively ugc sold to as set out in article above ubisoft 11 with this to ubisoft, accorderai free of charge, a law, for the duration of the protection under the law,, on irrevocable and use, transferable, reproduction, representation, edit, view, distribution and, in general, exploitation of this, as provided for in article 11 ugc above, by any means and in any medium known or unknown to date, for any purpose (if commercial or non-commercial) and on the whole world, without necessarily being mentioned as author of that ugc.
Similarly concederai, free of charge to other users of services and games concerned, a non-exclusive right, or perpetual throughout the legal protection of the ugc on the basis of intellectual property rights, to use ugc you, to the needs of created and published games and services offered by ubisoft, throughout the world and within the limits allowed by ubisoft, and, in particular, access, view, copy, adapt, to amend these and create derivative works under ugc services.
This licence will survive any resolution licence, ubisoft letting you partial in order to use the services, and / or of these conditions.
Ugc derived from the use by your of pre-existing content ubisoft.
As user, you really don't use the ugc derived from pre-existing content different from what is strictly provided for below ubisoft based on the conditions.
Ubisoft letting you with these licensed personnel, at any time, not exclusive and revocable non-assignable in order to use ugc you have undertaken since content of pre-existing throughout the world and for the third period of your using services, in order to:
Record it on your console, computers, mobile telephone or any other medium using to access services
Share with your friends using services, and
Load services and use it in the context of services and / or on any other service or network of partners, as permitted by ubisoft ubisoft.
Users services you were also granted a licence staff, at any time, and not exclusive access non-assignable use of ugc realised within the framework of services and in accordance with these conditions.
The terms of this license are laid down in article 11 above.
11.2 on containing your image.
Ugc insofar as a from you created and published your image, play with this a right to ubisoft concederai use of your image sufficient to allow ubisoft to continue to provide its services throughout the world and for the duration of the services concerned.
Thus ugc accept that that your image is managed by ubisoft play under the conditions described in article 11.
Ugc pubblicassi services that if the image contained any person outside of yourself, to have previously obtained the garantirai ubisoft consent of the person concerned the use of its image by ubisoft in accordance with the requirements of this article 11 and you to compensate fully for any impegnerai ubisoft injury that can be had by ubisoft in case of a complaint, or claim any action based third party regarding the use of the image of that third party by ubisoft.
11.3 ugc not derived from the contents of pre-existing ubisoft.
Ugc i had for any services, irrespective of any create through content pre-existing agrees to grant, ubisoft, free of charge, and its licensees, distributors, ubisoft, and other staff representatives authorised users, a non-exclusive licence, irrevocable, in whole or in part) (transferable and perpetuates throughout the legal (or periods of protection of intellectual property rights on the basis of ugc), for the use of, its reproduction, representation, ugc transmission, highlighted, exposure distribution indexation adaptation, correction, evolution, translation, digitisation, and any other amendment (encoding including, for example, the addition of comments, the deletion of words or music or replace them with words and music by ubisoft), the creation of selected products based on and in particular articles merchandise ugc (as defined in article 11 above), their presentation or other type of exploitation, in whole or in part, on any support or by any means and process
Ugc agree that the licence involves the granting of a licence to the whole economic rights of the user on itself, its trade marks ugc, patents, trade secrets, related rights and other rights of intellectual and industrial property included in ugc.
11.4 in any case
Any use by your for commercial purposes of any ugc is strictly forbidden
The possibility for the user to create or publish any content is part ugc service offered by ubisoft user and not give any entitlement to any remuneration for the user, including where the ugc is made available to other users of a game or services;
Guarantee ubisoft in that the content (or other) you publish using ugc services are not harm rights of a third (right of personal portrayal, their right to privacy or other rights) and do not constitute an act in particular counterfeiting or unfair competition, including when the content is used by under the provision of services; ubisoft
You commitments not to create, use, share in the framework of services or publish any element (text, images, sound, video, etc.) that can be considered at any time by ubisoft, as having clearly unlawful character aggressive, pornographic, obscene, vulgar, defamatory, racist hatred, sexually explicit incitante violent or contrary to public policy;
Six personally responsible for the establishment, use and publication under services of your content and you commitments to compensate and, if necessary, ubisoft, its parent companies, subsidiaries, employees, managers and directors, if they have complaints, shares or claims arising from the use or after publication of the contents of the user.
Ubisoft reserves the right to ensure at their own expense their defence and to maintain the exclusive control of any action which could give rise to compensation to your load.
You accept, in such cases, to cooperate fully with ubisoft, where requested, to defend their interests.
Understand and accepts that except withdrawal by ubisoft you published as part of the ugc services and of which it was aware from the manifestly ubisoft illicit or if the same right of personal portrayal was detrimental ugc or privacy or any other law of a third party, that will be associated with your username and ugc will be made available to all other users of the services concerned over the lifetime of the services.
Insofar granted by the law applicable and where any moral rights or other similar law (" moral right ") in and the there is and is not exclusive property on ubisoft, agrees to do not call your moral right on towards or its ugc ubisoft, distributors, agents, representatives, licensees employees and other authorised users and the granting of the guarantee agreement by any other person who could invoke the right moral ugc.
12 can take part in our test?
This article describes the general conditions applicable to the participation in our test (including the phases of alpha, beta and playtest).
Yes.
Can proporti to test services or content not yet (e.g. during marketed stages alpha and beta, the, etc.) in order to playtest identify errors and / or contribute to bug and improve its operation (" beta test ').
If you're fit and agrees to participate in a beta testing:
(A) before and sign a confidentiality agreement and we will bring back any other document which we see fit to.
Recognize beta (b) the content and services (" contained test ") belongs to us, and it is strictly confidential.
(C) could ask you to express reactions and suggestions.
All reactions and suggestions that there will be communicated during the beta tests will be our exclusive.
(D) the content of test are as " provided " and " availability " without any express or implied guarantee whatsoever.
User knows using the contents test at their own risk and threat, which may include bug and its progression and data associated with beta-phase may be cancelled at any time.
And) accepts that any infringement of their obligations under the would cause irreparable damage to beta test and we would have the right to take ubisoft any action to prevent any breach or risk of violation of these obligations or to obtain compensation for damages, subject to the right to close the account.
13 monitor our services?
Article explains how we can monitor possibly our services, in particular the views and the comments made by users under the forum or through the user-generated content.
We are not responsible and we do not approve the views, advice and / or recommendations displayed or services, also sent by users in any public forum.
Such communication shall be the sole responsibility of interested users.
Without prejudice to the applicable legal requirements, are not engaged to monitor the content, the user-generated content, messages and other information made available services by users.
Can, even if we are not obliged to do so, oversee, monitor or moderate our services, in particular on the home page of websites and the forum.
In any case, we do not ensure the validity, the originality and accuracy or the usefulness of any message content, and / or content generated by users.
14 can be accessed to our services through a third party and the contents of third parties through our services?
This article describe how of access to our services through a platform third (console, etc.) and services streaming display content third by means of advertising on our services.
Yes.
You can access to certain services from the services / platforms (e.g. proposed by third parties
Producers console, services, etc.) streaming
The terms and conditions governing the behaviour of these third user when accessing services through their services and, in case of conflict / platforms with these conditions will the terms and conditions applicable to services offered by these platforms / third.
We can also see some products, services and / or content of third in our services, including link promotional or any other element banner ads advertising and promotional and we can also operations with any partner of our choice. cross-marketing
In both cases, we will not be held responsible for these services, products and / or content of third parties.
15 in cases of dispute, what are the conditions applicable to the liability, compensation and the compensation?
This article describes the limits and the exclusions applicable to our responsibility and the conditions under which we can compensate the user or vice versa.
15.1 limitation and exclusion of liability
Recognize explicitly that the use of services and games at your own risk.
These services are supplied " just as are. "
Ubisoft does not, and does not undertake with regard to the use or the results of the use of services, in terms of conformity, accuracy, ', ', or security esaustivita affidabilita.
Within the limits allowed by the law applicable, ubisoft refuses to offer any guarantee on the commercial value of the services and the games, the degree of your satisfaction or to the games or departments idoneita correspond to a particular use also ubisoft offers no guarantee that services and games.
Including servers and software necessary to their operation, are without interruption or errors, bug, viruses or harmful in the elements that errors, bug, viruses or elements are harmful correct.
Finally ubisoft, offers no guarantee on the character, full of information, or discounted exact and / or elements contained accessible through services or games.
Particularly comprehensively the contents do not check ubisoft of any kind, in particular the (such as defined in article on 11) or declarations that you, or other users through services, no published your actions within the framework of services.
For everything, you don't offer any guarantee and not ubisoft assumes toward you any responsibility in relation to the way of doing your own or other users of services.
Finally ubisoft, " can not be held accountable for the products or services of a society user from a courier external proposed and not on the ' no guarantee prestera products or services.
You'll load all costs any charges and all risks associated with the use of services.
Also, i suggest you the full cost of any maintenance, repair or correction that may be required.
You assumerai all risks connected to a waste of time and energy, loss of data (in particular, any given game) errors or loss business information or different resulting from the use of services and of the games.
You entirely the responsibility for damage caused by ubisoft, with its partners, to other users of games and services, or any other natural or legal person arising from the use of all or part of the services and / or games in breach of the law or of your obligations as provided for in these conditions.
Ubisoft it will under no circumstances be held liable for the payment in your against any amount or damage resulting from the inability to use your all or part of services.
Ubisoft under no circumstances can be held liable for any damage direct, indirect, incidental or accidental different arising from the use or the impossibility of using services and games, even if has been advised of thromboembolism ubisoft for such damage.
Breaches your legal or contractual obligations, ubisoft reserves the right (s) to cancel your account and solve your licence use of games and services and (ii) action in civil or criminal to terminate the breach and to receive compensation for their losses.
Ubisoft particularly reserves the right, without limitation to any user who has damaged or tried to damage services or hamper the legitimate deliberately operation of services or provided assistance in this regard.
Ubisoft reserves the right to cease all or part of the services available at any time without notice.
Recognize and accept that, within the limits allowed by law in the event of dispute with its granting licences, or by ubisoft (s) you can stop using services and cancel your account and (ii) where appropriate, take legal action in order to obtain the compensation for the damage.
Also subject and legal provisions applicable and in force, the entire responsibility is ubisoft is limited to the replacement of elements of content you pay, and that will be recognised by ubisoft bought as, following the analysis of your complaint unusable, with an equivalent number of elements of content at the discretion of ubisoft.
In no case responsibility is toward you, including its ubisoft granting licences, and their respective employees or directors responsible together, the " affiliated ") (will exceed the amount you paid for services during the twelve (12) months before the dispute occurred.
Despite the above, the provisions of this article 15 shall not restrict under any circumstances responsibility of ubisoft toward you in case of declarations of death or fraudulent, physical damage due to the negligence of ubisoft.
Also limitations, exclusions and clauses not responsibility of this article and other provisions of these conditions apply within the limits of applicable law.
15.2 Manleva & compensation
If ubisoft you so requests, you really free and keep and its ubisoft manlevare affiliated (as defined above) its subcontractors, its content providers, against all responsibility, and any complaint damage expenditure, including legal expenses resulting from and / or arising from a breach of these conditions which were responsible, or relating to your passing through services or services ugc, or more generally to your behaviour on services.
Without reducing the general scope of the above, commitments to protect you and its affiliated to keep it free ubisoft when using inappropriate or illegal of your accounts, including in the event of illegal use or from someone that you have inappropriate allowed to use your account.
Agrees to be held personally responsible for your use of services and all your communications activities and services.
Ubisoft reserves the right to assume alone and to its own defence expenditure and control of any other issue for which would normally required to manlevarla.
In this case, you don't have any obligation towards on the issue ubisoft manleva involved.
Provisions covered by this article remain valid and effective after the cessation of these conditions and of your account.
16 there are other information which must be aware?
This article contains additional information applicable between the user, including modification and ubisoft of these conditions, the conciliation procedure, the law and jurisdiction applicable and contact details.
Yes.
Further general information governing these conditions, see below.
If you find information you are looking for in these conditions, can be found at perhaps https: / / legal.ubi.com.
16.1 amendments to these conditions of use.
Can revise these conditions of use at any time for security reasons, legal and good practice and / or legislation.
There avvarremo this right for substantial changes to the conditions which have rights, without user is able to accept.
If user does not accept changes linked to these conditions, may close the account in accordance with article 8.1.
User is required to exercise regularly revisions of these conditions as they are binding.
Any use of services following the entry into force of the amended conditions constitute acceptance of the revised terms.
16.2 separation.
Where a court or a competent authority establishes that any provisions of these conditions (or part of a provision) is not valid, or is illegal, this measure or part of inapplicable measure must be, as required, to deleted and any other provisions of these conditions will not be affected by invalidity and inapplicability.
Invalidate illegal or, where a provision of these conditions were valid, legal inapplicable and applicable and a part of it was cancelled, the provision shall be applied with the amendment to make valid legal minimum necessary and applicable in order to reflect the original intention of ubisoft.
16.3 surrender.
The waiver of a right or a remedy may be considered having taken place only after the signing on our part and user of a written declaration to that effect.
No default or delay on our part in exercising any rights or remedy under these conditions or of the law will be a renunciation of the right and to other rights or remedies, nor prevent or limiting the further exercise that right and other rights or remedies.
No for individual or partial of such right or remedy or prevent further exercise of that right will limit the and other rights or remedies.
16.4 full agreement.
Sign (a) in these conditions, none of the parties relied and they do not rely on any claim, declaration insurance or guarantee (" declaration ") of any person other than as expressly laid down in these conditions.
(B) each party agrees that the only rights and remedies available arising or related to a statement will be implemented in the event of breach of contract.
(C) the present conditions and all the rules or instructions regarding a service published online contain the whole agreement between us and the user in relation to the subject of this document and replace and hamper any agreement or contract negotiations and minutes or advisable. written previous
(D) nothing in this article will or ban any responsibility for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
16.5 settlement of disputes.
Alternative dispute resolution in case of disputes or complaints in relation to these conditions, the european commission offers a platform, which facilitates the resolution independent and out-of-court dispute between consumers and traders, accessible online at the following address: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
Law and jurisdiction.
These conditions and your / your account is governed by law italian without application of its rules on conflict of laws, and specifically recognize the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of milan for any dispute with and / or its subsidiaries ubisoft and their respective employees, subcontractors, managers, sellers and suppliers to content should result from interpretation and implementation of these conditions or resolution, in any case, should be the same as well.
16.6 force majeure.
Decliniamo any responsibility under these conditions where there is prevented or delayed we in carrying out our obligations or carrying out of our activities as a result of acts or omissions, events, outside of our reasonable control accidents, including, for example, strikes, failures of a telecommunications network, force majeure, wars, unrest, pandemics, of any law or malicious damage compared ordinance, accidents, fires, floods or failings of subcontractors.
16.7 contacts / customer care.
These conditions are available at http: / / legal.ubi.com.
For questions on these conditions, services or content to contact us: https: / / support.ubi.com.
These conditions will be applicable only for permitted under existing law.
