Service of visa solution
Important: please read the following service visa (the " solution).
His registration visa activation of a charter for solution or visa, the user profess to know solution and accept all of the following terms applicable to the present visa solution replace all the previous terms terms in relation to visa solution.
1.
Visa solution
Visa solution is managed by u.s. visa inc. ("
Visa ").
Details visa are included in the following section contact us.
For of these terms, the word " visa ' means: solution all of the functionality, and services to pay and / or click visa visa, currently available which will be added or Checkout in the future, whether they be available under the brand click to pay, visa visa with a different name, or Checkout via the website or the website on mobile devices visa solution, run over or (website ") or " subdominio through an application or functionality offered by a bank or an issuer payment institution, an undertaking or another third party (jointly, the '); and the logos " services, drawings, the text, images, films, graphs, software and other content and materials or its visa visa and its licensees available through solution selection and jointly, the " content " (combination); and the hardware, software and networks associated with the supply of user (jointly, the visa solution system
Visa system user (s) solution offers the opportunity to save the payment account and other related information, such as the e-mail address, the number of mobile phone and addresses billing and dispatch (the data paper "), of its credit cards and debt and of its prepaid cards or other methods of payment rechargeable visa visa decided that be suited to use with visa (" the charter ') solution; and (ii) Idona the possibility of using solution to share its data visa card with merchants or with the other third parties that exhibit icon click to pay whenever or exhibit marking visa visa to enable them to prepare a Checkout transaction.
Visa can automatically update certain data paper, such as the card number and the expiry date, just as the are provided by the financial institution or the institution which has issued the different / and / / user and paper and suitable (the bank) issuer.
Bank issuing the user could provide additional information on paper / and / /, e.g., and suitable and availability of points reward, options and other payment by instalment of benefit / paper / and suitable and in that case, we will present / and user information about these solution as i have received from visa bank card issuer suitable.
For any questions concerning the above information, the user please contact its issuing bank.
Where applicable, visa will be information user to determine whether is competent to take advantage of those options or those that the benefit will be shown.
When user us visa visa, his solution of the charter to data will operator, or any other third party applicable in order to enable it to draw up the transaction.
Visa can generate a numerical code (a) the number of replacement token payment account paper suitable to be used for visa user protect your cards right.
User accepts that the undertaking or any other third party may transmit information on applicable network transaction applicable to the user and that its paper suitable transaction is paid by using the appropriate paper himself selected.
User acknowledges that the data stored within the visa card or provided through the use of visa solution (i) are provided by the user solution itself or, in certain jurisdictions, on its behalf by issuing bank, by the operator or by a third party, and (ii) which contain financial information personal.
User may use the cards in relation to eligible only if its visa solution it considers issuing bank card holder or authorised user and if the charter mention your name. appropriate
User recognises and accepts being responsible for the completeness and correctness of data paper and other information that the user has saved within visa provided during the use of solution or visa solution.
The user must use only valid mail addresses and telephone numbers owned or under its supervision.
Although visa to carry out certain controls life on data cards which belong to its payment circuit, in no case can visa can be considered to be responsible for the accuracy of the data paper or other information submitted by the user, including the state of data update of the charter.
Visa solution is not a bank or a payment account and offers no claims user or operators.
Any transaction carried out by the user using the effects linked to the account in visa Solutionprodurra paper suitable used in the transaction.
The payment of that account is exclusively the responsibility of the bank card issuer suitable.
2.
Important notice transaction user
Although visa contributes to facilitate the transaction, visa solution shall not take part in this transaction and payment for or by an undertaking linked to the use by the user of visa takes place exclusively between user solution itself and the operator, including acquisition or the return of goods or services.
User requires a repayment or the transfer of a transaction using solution, you should contact the completed visa operator concerned and / or the bank card issuer suitable used in the transaction.
Remember visa which is not part of transaction and is therefore not able to resolve any problems that the user may have in relation to the transaction.
In cases of dispute with an undertaking on a transaction using the user is the only solution visa responsible for the settlement of the dispute directly with the operator or through its issuing bank.
Due procedures of visa visa is not part of the deal, solution.
3.
Service
Visa solution may not be available for all the cards eligible.
Also visa, at its discretion, may remove some papers suitable solution or not allow the service visa cards are some eligible to benefit from the visa activated solution.
Visa may also review at any time the eligibility of credit cards, debt and prepaid, specific or general and rechargeable cards or other methods of payment which are currently considered eligible cards.
4.
Fitness
Visa solution is available only to persons who are:
(S) resident in one of the following courts: saudi arabia, argentina, australia, austria, brazil, canada, chile, china (mainland china and hong kong), colombia, denmark, the united arab emirates, finland, france, germany, india, ireland, italy, kuwait, malaysia, mexico, norway, new zealand, peru, poland, qatar, united kingdom, the czech republic, the dominican republic, singapore, slovakia, spain, the united states (including all territories), south africa, sweden, switzerland, ukraine, hungary, as each jurisdiction shall be made available (" the courts '); appropriate
(Ii) adult in their jurisdiction province or within their territory of residence;
(Iii) able to access the internet from a computer or other device; and
(Iv) card holders or authorised users of one or more cards eligible and complying with the account of its charter suitable.
Is prohibited access to visa from any place where such access solution is illegal or otherwise forbidden.
If changes the jurisdiction of the user must remove these residence its registration in solution and promptly visa with his new jurisdiction of register again if it is a suitable residence jurisdiction.
If his new country is not a jurisdiction may register again when appropriate solution will be available in that country. visa
If changes the jurisdiction of the user must remove these residence its registration in solution and promptly visa with his new jurisdiction of register again if it is a suitable residence jurisdiction.
If his new country is not a jurisdiction eligible again when visa can register will be available in that country. solution
5.
Registration and security
Where user chooses to record or implement a paper suitable for visa, also accepts to give us its solution, correct, up-to-date and reliable information exhaustive and in the case of changes to this information update us.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, user recognises and accepts that visa will have no responsibility associated or stemming from his failure to maintain correct information at visa or arising from the non-receipt of information and updates about important visa solution by the user.
Where visa has founded grounds for suspecting that the information provided by the user is not true, correct or may suspend or cease registration exhaustive or use of visa solution and reject any future use of visa solution (or any part) by the user.
During the process of registration is required the user set a username and in some markets the may be required to set a password.
These data are used to enable the user authentication when us visa solution.
Where claimed the user to set a password for more security, the user must choose a password for visa solution, its exclusive store username and your password and not keep password be noted on the or in any case together with his personal computer, tablet, mobile device or other device that is used for access to visa solution.
User is responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your username and password of their (if applicable).
Also if the user chooses to be remembered on his device or, or the use of visa browser colleagues a solution electronic purse on one or more devices, the user will be responsible for protecting the safety and access to such / device (s. such protection is important since (i) visa can not be held responsible for any loss suffered by user following the unauthorised use of his paper suitable and (ii) depending on the circumstances, the issuing bank relevant user may wish responsible for unauthorised use of the accounts of its charter suitable.
User agrees to inform to any unauthorised use of his visa username, its password, if applicable, or its charter within visa or donea solution should your device (or its devices) on which chose to be mentioned, or linked to the use of visa with a solution has been lost or stolen electronic purses, or has otherwise immediately unauthorised access or any other security breach, actual or potential, in relation to the use of visa solution by the user.
Visa reserves the right to remove the cards used within eligible user solution, visa suspend or terminate the use of visa user solution and / or when the user has a password to change it where visa richiedergli does not consider to be more secure.
User is responsible for the use of their cards eligible within visa solution and ensure that i will use and / or use solution in accordance with the present visa.
User accettache recognises and could send a one-time " visa " to his or his email passcode number of mobile phone to ensure it is he who use visa solution.
We review on a regular security measures of visa solution.
But we can not ensure that the information that the user shall internet are completely safe.
6.
Agreements card holder
These words do not change or amend the agreements with the issuing bank otherwise user relating to a paper (the " agreement suitable card holder.
If inconsistencies between these terms and the agreement of the cardholder these terms the relationship between the user and will govern visa exclusively on the service visa, while the agreement solution card holder concluded between the user and the bank will govern the relationship between the issuer and its user issuing bank.
User is responsible for ensuring that its use of visa solution complies with the agreed in card holder.
7.
Costs, commissions and taxes
User alone was to blame for the purchase of any hardware, software, and wireless internet access device, and any other instrument necessary to make use of and access to visa, and must bear solution of any commission spending or other costs related to the purchase of the instruments referred to above.
Costs could be charged traffic data and in sending messages.
User should also take charge of any interest, committees, costs or expenses charged by issuing bank in relation to cards using within appropriate solution, and taxes or visa obligations tax declaration relating to its use of visa solution.
8.
Privacy
Visa is personal data user is required to provide solution (as agreed in these visa service) and for the purposes set out in the privacy policy overall visa (the " privacy policy.
For more information on how visa and its related companies, collect and share personal data protect user when they use visa and choices available to the user solution in relation to the privacy of their data, we ask the user to read the privacy policy overall visa.
If user uses other facilities operated by its issuing bank, by an operator or any other third party (including where such services are available through solution), may be applied of visa information privacy separated.
Visa compile- solution uses the automatic to simplify visa experience google solution.
Where google steer some personal data user, it will be carried out in accordance with the terms of service and the policy on privacy google.
User ensures that personal data associated to its account are always appropriate and up-to-date.
9.
Property rights
All property rights relating to visa, including the content, solution are held by visa, by its related companies and by their licensees and are protected by copyright, trademarks and other property rights (including those intellectual property) and international treaties.
All rights not specifically granted to user through these terms are held by visa, by its related companies and by their licensees.
No provision in these terms gives the user no right to use trademarks, trademarks or other indications of service, logos origin of visa, related companies or other third parties.
" Associate ' means an entity controlled by controlling or under common control with visa.
10.
Licensing
Visa gives the user a licence limited, and not exclusive and not revocable sublicenziabile for the use of visa otherwise not transferable under the present terms solution as long as the user is registered in the service visa solution.
Visa may suspend, interrupt or stop this licence at its discretion, at any time and for any reason.
All rights not specifically granted to user are exclusive prerogative of visa, of the related companies and their licensees.
11.
Comments
Where user comments or suggestions in relation to visa send solution, we could use these comments or suggestions without any commitment to the user.
12.
Conduct user
User agrees to comply with all the laws, rules and regulations applicable and any other legal requirement applicable to visa solution.
Also user is:
Use solution only where permitted by the law; visa
Visa do not use solution in violation of the present terms;
Do no harm or interfere with the safety of operations or otherwise use improperly visa or any part of solution;
Not trying to unauthorised access to visa or its parts whose solution general access is limited.
Visa do not use solution so that could be considered as false and / or abusive, vulgar, hateful,, diffamatoria, obscene, secular, ominous obtrusive in violation of privacy of a person, or which constitute an infringement of any right of third parties;
Not play in any form, or store or supplement visa visa solution in any solution recovery system of information, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise;
Not emulate, copy, rent, rent, cloning, sell, commercially exploit, modify, and distribute, perform a decompilare disassembling reverse engineering or transfer and visa or any solution
Don't use any device or software for routine or try to interfere interfere with the proper functioning of visa or actions requiring solution a heavy burden not reasonable or to the exaggerated, as stipulated by visa visa solution to her discretion; and
Comply with all other requirements, restrictions or limitations from time to time set by visa or its issuing bank.
13.
Exclusion of guarantee and limitation of liability
Visa solution, fully and in individual parts, including all the services is provided " as " and " as available, " without guarantees explicit or implicit any nature, including the guarantees of the licence, the implicit guarantees of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
We do not ensure that the system is free of viruses or that visa solution access to visa solution is free from interruptions.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, the user explicitly recognised and accepted to assume full responsibility and risks for his own use solution and the results of visa and performance.
Visa and its related companies, and all their officials, administrators, customers, shareholders, employees or authorised agents (jointly, the ") will not be held responsible parties visa " under any circumstances in any legal dispute, including the negligence, for any damage compensation claims or losses (including damage compensation, indirect incidental, special or specimens), caused CONSEGUENZIALI punitive in any way and under any theory of responsibility arising from or in connection with visa solution and / or to present terms, even if a visa has been warned of the possibility of part such damage, claims or loss.
Without prejudice to the general application of the above, the parties visa will not be accountable to the user or of any other third party for: (i) the use or impossible to use visa user solution for any reason, including the rejection of the issuing bank user, or to authorize an undertaking to accept a transaction; (ii) any right, service or information acquired in relation to visa solution or received, including the non-receipt or impossible to return the goods, services or information by the user; (iii) any dispute between the user and an undertaking; (iv) any inaccuracy, disinformation contained in any information provided or INCOMPIUTEZZA through solution, including information provided by the visa issuing bank user or other third parties; (v) unauthorised access, or the alteration or the transmissions, data or other information collected, stored and user in relation to visa solution; sent (vi) any errors, times of interruption of system failures
Also parties visa will not be responsible for any non-compliance with the requirements given in these terms should, directly or indirectly with failure of any equipment, transmission or supply problems or other industrial disputes, or wars, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, explosions, outside of our natural events or control.
Notwithstanding when otherwise provided in these terms, the overall responsibility of the parties in respect of the visa resulting from any user lawsuit will always be limited to the lower of (a) the effective loss of user and (b) 100 usd (or the equivalent amount in local currency).
Some courts do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of certain guarantees, responsibility and compensation for damage, and hence some of the previous exclusions and restrictions may not apply to the user.
In those jurisdictions, the responsibilities of the parties visa is limited to maximum permitted by law.
No provision in these terms excludes the responsibilities of the parties visa for (a) death or personal injury caused by negligence, (b) fraud or false declaration fraudulent or (c) any circumstances where it would be unlawful, or attempt to exclude or limit or exclude limit liability of the parties visa.
14.
No approval; disputes with operators
Visa does not approve or sponsors, or is responsible for: (i) issuing banks or network operators payment or electronic purses contributing to the experience of or which the user may use checkout in connection with visa solution; (ii) the goods or services bought or transactions carried out in connection with visa solution; (iii) the performance or the provision of goods or services bought or transactions carried out in connection with visa solution; and (iv) operators whose goods or services may be purchased or with which it is carried out a transaction in connection with visa solution.
15.
Websites, content and resources from third parties
You can access by third parties who contribute to visa solution to the experience of transactions, including through their websites, or applications, and that may allow domains user to connect or access to such third party or direct connections to websites, content and resources from third parties, including social media.
User acknowledges that visa has no control or shares opinions, opinions or necessarily the contents of these third parties or of their websites, domains, applications, contents or resources, which are made available by companies or persons other than visa.
User recognises and accepts that visa is not responsible for the availability of those websites, domains, applications, contents and resources and also recognises that visa shall not be liable to the same user for any loss or damage may be supported by the user because of those third parties, including because of their websites, domains, applications, contents or resources, including losses or damages suffered in relation to purchase prepared by visa solution.
16.
Visa solution and the present changes to terms; termination
Where user will not accept these terms, should refrain from visa solution.
Visa reserves the right, at its discretion, to amend the present terms at any time.
Visa may amend these words a new version, in advance pubblicandone considered reasonable in view of the visa, including circumstances at the time the notice on our website or any other website maintained in order to provide visa solution.
Visa publish always on the website the latest version of these terms.
Modification date will be indicated in the most recent date with the words " below last update. "
Insofar maximum permitted by the law in force, the continued use or participation in visa solution by after the above changes must dellutente construed as full inspection and acceptance of these terms, resulting as modified.
User may stop using visa solution at any time, including the case where it is not satisfied with the changes in the terms.
User may cancel its registration in following the instructions contained in section visa solution customer care website of visa solution.
Visa may suspend, interrupt or stop the access to or use of visa solution by the user to its total discretion at any time and without giving any notice to the user and without any obligation against him (s) in case of infringement of these terms, or (ii) and for any other reason commercially reasonable.
Visa is not responsible to the user for any interruption, suspension, or change the method cessation change of use or user access to visa solution.
After cessation, user is responsible for all payments and other obligations under these terms.
17.
General
. Alarms.
User accepts that visa can provide and other communications relating to warn him through email, publications on visa solution website or with other forms of electronic communication.
All electronic communications visa the user will be considered communications made " in writing " and shall be considered delivered in earlier that receiving effective and five days after their publication on the site and its dissemination.
We provide the user no copy paper additional communications relating to its use of visa solution.
Ensure regularly monitored is due to the user in order to keep their email of any communications that we sent.
User must ensure that the email sent by us are not locked on your email account and that the email address you have given us to be kept up-to-date.
Also user allows us to act in accordance with the instructions that we send electronically.
For access to information by electronic means or to perform any activities in relation to its account, the user must have a visa solution user name for this account.
B. renunciation.
Our missed or delayed operation or application of any provision or right given in these terms will not be considered a waiver to this provision or law.
C. full agreement.
These terms are the entire agreement between visa and user in relation to its use of visa solution.
D. safeguard clause.
User visa and agree that if a provision in these terms is now considered unlawful (also under law) invalidate or for other reasons by a court in the competent jurisdiction ineseguibile, this provision will be considered divisible by these terms and will not affect the validity and applicability of other provisions.
. And interpretation.
Securities and captions are included in comfort and not should be included for the purposes of interpretation.
I terms such as ' provided for in this, " " there " and " under this " show everyone relate terms, rather than any interested parties.
" Included " means " including, for example but not exhaustive.
Whenever used in this document, the singular include the plural and vice versa and the use of any kind will apply to all genres.
F. relations between the parties.
No provision in these terms must be interpreted as aimed at the creation of a joint venture, cooperation or an employment relationship or agency between the user and visa and the user has no authority to create obligations or make statements on behalf of visa.
G. compensation.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law in force, the user agrees to compensate, defend and keep free parties visa by any loss or damage, responsibility requests or questions, sanction and cost, due, or related derived from his own violation of these terms.
H. disputes & applicable law.
As much as permitted by the law, the user and visa agree that:
(1)
If the user is resident in a jurisdiction other than those referred to in the following suitable (2).
Applies this law and provision of arbitration.
This section contains a provision on arbitration.
Invite user to read this provision, which stipulates that any request on visa solution or to present terms must be resolved by binding arbitration.
In arbitration or user or visa will have the right to raise demands in court or have a trial by jury on the compensation claims.
Applications may be submitted to arbitration only individually.
Rights investigation prior to and rights of appeal following the hearing hearing will be limited, but the referee will award damages and a measure under the present terms.
Any dispute, lawsuit, claim or dispute arising from or relating to visa solution or to present, including terms training, interpretation, performance, performance, breach termination of these terms, the interpretation or validity validity and implementation of this provision, and determination of purpose or applicability of contract for regular arbitration (indicated in this section h (1) as a dispute that can be subject to arbitration), will be resolved solely for the purposes of the procedure and the arbitration clause defined in this section.
Any dispute between the user and visa will be solved through binding arbitration, except for the fact that users resident in the united states can initiate legal actions before the courts for reasons of minor (if the request meets the requirements).
This arbitration clause will only apply to disputes with visa in relation to visa solution.
Where user is involved in a dispute with the bank card issuer eligible must resolve this dispute with its issuing bank.
Any dispute between the user and visa will be administered by under its rules and procedures jams exhaustive on if the consumer resides in the united states arbitration under the international rules of arbitration outside the jams if he resides united states, to the extent that these requirements are not put at odds with this provision.
The user can obtain a copy of these rules to the number + 1 800 contacting jams, writing to jams at 352 5267 eighth avenue, 34th floor, 620 new york, ny, united states of america, or 10018 online or /. www.jamsadr.com www.jamsinternational.com
Any request will be referred to arbitration on an individual basis.
This means that both the user that visa shall be prohibited to participate in or consolidate disputes by arbitration or against others, unless otherwise agreed in writing to both user that visa, and both the user to visa shall be prohibited to submit any dispute as to arbitration representative or member of collective action.
(These terms, both the user that are participating in collective action. visa
Arbitration will take place in front of a sole arbiter.
Arbitration (s) will take place by telephone, online and / or will be based exclusively on written communications; the specific rules will be chosen by the party which commences arbitration; and (ii) does not cause any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
Residents courts in eligible in the middle east is at the centre will submit to arbitration dubai international financial, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
Referee will be selected by common consent between the user and visa.
Where user and visa fail to agree on the choice of a referee, he will be appointed in accordance with procedures jams.
If for any reason a dispute has been treated before a court for arbitration in user and visa give up right of access to a trial by jury.
User may choose to employ a lawyer without, however, be required.
Each party shall be deemed responsible for their own expenditure and of their legal costs, except as granted under law by referee.
The party which commences arbitration will pay an administrative burden (unless otherwise dictated by jams because of difficulties.
Visa anticipated all other administrative costs and management of cases and fees associated with the referee arbitration via payments directly to jams.
After arbitration, additional costs paid by visa may be broken down between the user and visa, as set out in referee in accordance with the procedures jams.
Everything is decided by referee, including those relating to purpose and application of this provision on arbitration.
Decisions of the referee will final.
The judgment on the evidentiary value before any court ruling will has competence / jurisdiction.
This clause will not prevent the parties from seeking interim measures to support the arbitration before a court in a competent jurisdiction.
Responsibility visa shall be limited as established in the previous section 13, as much as permitted by law.
These terms and the rights of parties set out therein will be subject and interpreted according to the laws of the state of delaware, with the exception of conflict or choice of law.
Arbitration if the provision of this section is considered inapplicable, or if the waiver of rights of collective action is considered inapplicable for any reason in a case in which they were formulated through collective action in this case, charges will apply the provisions on applicable law and on the choice of court described below (point (2).
The remainder of this section shall apply to us residents:
Referee may not grant compensation for damage or copies, except as punitive possibly required by law, or any interest recognised in advance; nor can grant compensation for any damage cross-appeal or damage, including indirect consequential for loss of earnings or damage suffered by third parties.
Any remedy granted is not affect other users of visa solution.
The parties recognise that these terms are evidence of a transaction on the interstate commerce.
Despite layout this in the preceding paragraph concerning the law applicable, any substantial arbitration in accordance with the terms and of this section is to be regulated by the federal Arbitration act arbitration federal) (9); articles 1-16, u.s.
(2)
If the user is resident (s) in argentina, brazil, canada or a jurisdiction in europe, suitable (ii) any appropriate jurisdiction where the provision of arbitration referred to in the preceding subparagraph (1)
Is considered inapplicable or (iii) any other appropriate jurisdiction where the waiver of rights of collective action is considered inapplicable for any reason in a case where were made through collective action, in this case charges will apply: (x) any dispute, daim or lawsuit arising from or relating to these terms or visa solution will be covered under the laws of jurisdiction is suitable residence of the user; and (y) any dispute, daim or lawsuit arising from or in connection with the present terms or visa solution will be resolved in the courts competent civil situated within their respective jurisdiction suitable.
Any law on compulsory consumer protection remains applicable.
. The transfer.
User may not assign these terms, by law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of visa.
Visa reserves the right to these terms, and the rights and obligations provided for therein, to any third party without notice to the user or relative consensus.
Respecting above, these terms will be binding, will benefit and will apply to the user and its successors in title. and their cessionari
User may stop using visa solution at any time, including if you are not happy with our supply of these terms.
J. country-specific.
The only for residents in argentina.
Regulations on consumer protection provide that legal entities which market, sell or provide services to consumers or users in the city of buenos aires and have a web page given include a link to the " dirección general de protección y Defensa. " the Consumidor
To contact the ' dirección general de protección y Defensa to " for any request or complaint, Consumidor visit: www.argentina.gob.ar / defensadelconsumidor.
Ii.
Only for residents in austria
Notwithstanding paragraphs on limitation of liability referred to in the previous section 15 or any other statement on limitation of liability of visa for residents in austria will apply:
Visa bears no responsibility for any damage caused by fault mild () (SCHADENERSATZHAFTUNG). LEICHTE FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT
These liability restrictions will not apply to legal responsibilities, particularly the mandatory responsibility arising from guarantees () responsibilities under GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSANSPRÜCHE austrian law on responsibility on product () and responsibilities for personal injury PRODUKTHAFTUNGSGESETZ PERSONENSCHÄDEN). (
Also such liability restrictions will not apply if visa has taken a specific guarantee or a specific obligation in relation to what has given rise to this responsibility.
Iii.
Only for residents in the prc (excluding the special administrative region of hong kong, the special administrative region of macao and taiwan)
User acknowledges that visa solution is available for use only in cross-border transactions in foreign currency with merchants located outside of the mainland of china.
Any undertaking situated in the territory of mainland china with visa solution is authorised to do so only by persons not resident in the territory of mainland china.
Iv.
Only for residents in germany
Without prejudice to the paragraphs on the limitation of liability referred to in the previous section 13 or any other statement on limitation of liability of visa for residents in germany will apply:
Responsibility contractual and statutory of visa for the damage caused by negligence mild will be limited to the following, irrespective of its legal basis:
Visa (a) will be responsible for until the amount of foreseeable typical of this type of contract damage arising from the breach of substantial contractual obligations;
Visa (b) will not be responsible for the breach of any contractual obligation not substantial, either for the violation of any other duty of care slightly unintentionally applicable.
These liability restrictions will not apply to any responsibility, in particular the responsibility compulsory STATUTORIA provided for under the german law on product responsibility () and the responsibility for personal injury Produk-thaftungsgesetz caused so manslaughter.
In addition, these limitations of liability will not apply if and insofar as visa has taken a specific guarantee.
Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply accordingly to the responsibility of visa costs in vain.
User is required to adopt appropriate measures to prevent and reduce harm.
V. only for residents in india
Visa india solution is offered by visa worldwide pte.
Limited.
: Survival.
Despite their resolution, these terms will continue to apply for any use of visa carried out by the user prior to the termination solution.
Any section of these terms which by its nature should survive the resolution will any resolution of the present or any termination of the use of visa solution by the user, including, for example but not exhaustive, section dispute settlement & applicable law.
L. contact us.
In case of applications or doubts about visa applications, please consult the solution frequently asked website.
Applications frequent if not answer the questions or to doubts user, he may contact us by mail writing to u.s. visa inc.,
Visa solution, 900 blvd., metro center
Foster city, ca,, united states of america, or 94404-2172 send us an email.
Last updated: 31 march 2021
© 2021 visa.
All rights reserved.
