Last modified: 4 january 2021 (archived version)
Service of whatsapp
Index
Information on services
Privacy policy and data user
Acceptable use of our services
Third-party services
Licences
Reporting of violations of copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights
Exclusions responsibility and exemption
Limitation of liability
Dispute resolution
Availability or break services
Other provisions
Consultation deadlines whatsapp in different languages
If the user does not lie in the european region, whatsapp is provided by under the present terms of whatsapp llc service and of this privacy policy.
Click to the summary of the contract with and for the information that we required whatsapp to provide under the european code of electronic communications.
To provide our services (as described below) through the, services, functions, app software or website, we must get the acceptance by the user of service (" ").
Whatsapp ireland limited (", " " our / a / whatsapp and / i, " " we " or " us ") provides services described below user (' services '), where the user is resident in a country or territory included in the european economic area, which includes the european union) and in other countries or territories (collectively, the " region including european).
User resides in another country or territory other than those of the european region, provides the services user whatsapp llc under the terms of service and the privacy policy.
Go back to the beginning
Information on services
Principles of privacy and security.
Since created we built our services whatsapp, bearing in mind the stricter rules on safety and respect for privacy.
Connection with other users.
Give to our consumers, and we are committed to improve steadily, useful tools to communicate with other users, calls, calls and messages as whatsapp send images and video display state and sharing of the position with other if the user wants.
Whatsapp collaborated with partners, service providers and subsidiaries to offer users ways to connect with their services.
Communication with businesses.
Offer, and we are committed to improve steadily, tools to allow users, businesses and other organizations to communicate using our services, e.g. through information on orders, transactions and appointments, notifications on deliveries and shipments, updates on products and services and marketing.
Offer functions and specific services to companies and other organizations, as statistics on their use our services.
Safety, security and integrity.
We strive to protect the protection, safety and the integrity of our services.
This includes the adoption of appropriate measures in respect of users and activities which violate our terms.
We commit ourselves to prohibit misuse of our services, including any conducted against others. detrimental
If we become aware of the presence of such activities or persons, adopt appropriate measures removing these activities or persons or the security forces. contacting
The removal of such users is under section " withdrawal and later resolution ".
Enabling access to our services.
Services global, we need to manage our store and content and distribute information in our data center and systems all over the world, even outside the country of residence of the user.
The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to offer our services.
This infrastructure can be owned by our service providers, including their subsidiaries, or managed by them.
No access to emergency services: there are significant differences between services whatsapp and services landline and mobile telephone and sms messaging.
Our services can not carry out emergency calls or access to emergency services as the police, the fire brigade or hospitals, or at least to connect in other ways to central only emergency.
User should ensure to contact the emergency services via a mobile telephone or other relevant or fixed type of service.
Registration.
To register our services, the user must use correct information, must provide your current number of mobile phone and, in case of changes, update using the function for the exchange of this number within the app.
User who agrees to receive the codes for register our services via text messages, and call (on our part or by third-party providers).
Heading.
User can use uploading function of contacts and in accordance with the applicable laws, provide us with phone numbers present in heading your mobile phone, including those of users of our services and other contacts.
You can find more information on the role of loading contacts here.
Age.
If resides in a country or territory the european region, the user must be at least 16 years to use our services (or the age required in his country or territory to register or use our services without the approval of the parents).
If resides in any other country or territory other than those of the european region, the user must be at least 13 years to use our services (or the age needed in his country or territory to be allowed to register and use our services).
In addition to having the minimum age to use our services under the laws applicable, where the user does not have the age required in order to acceptance of the terms in his own country or in its territory, its parent or her guardian to accept them on his behalf for him to go to the bathroom.
User is required to read these terms with its parent or guardian.
Devices and software.
User must obtain certain devices, software and data connections to use our services, otherwise we can not deliver.
To use our services, user agrees to download and install updates to our services manually or automatically.
User also allows us to send notifications via our services, if periodically needed to provide our services.
Costs and taxes.
User is responsible for the details of their plan, the costs of telephone operator internet and increased costs and taxes associated with the use of our services.
Go back to the beginning
Privacy policy and data user
User privacy is important for whatsapp.
The privacy policy of our procedures relating to the data whatsapp describes (messages), including the including types of information we consume and harvest, the user how we use and share this information and the rights of the user in relation to the treatment of their information.
Go back to the beginning
Acceptable use of our services
Terms and informative.
The user must use our services in accordance with our words and our information.
User purple if our words or our information, we could take measures relating to her account, including the decommissioning or the suspension of the account; in such cases, the user agrees not to create another account without our permission.
The disabling or removing occur under section " withdrawal and later resolution ".
Use lawfully and acceptable.
The user must have access to our services and to use them exclusively for purposes authorised and comply with the law.
User undertakes not to use (or assist others in use) our services in ways that: (a) violin, pocket unduly or not respect the rights of whatsapp, of our users or third parties, including privacy, " " (publicity of reputation), intellectual property or other intellectual property; (b) are illegal, obscene, threatening, presently, annoying, diffamatori miners, insulting to a race or an ethnic group or promote or encourage unlawful conduct or otherwise, such as the promotion of inappropriate violent crime, the endanger or exploit children or other or coordination of acts harm; (c) involve to content publishing false or misleading statements or misleading; (d) use the identity of another person; (e) involve communication illegal or not permitted as messages in mass, automatic messages, called by automatic systems or similar; (f) involve the use of our personal services subject
Whatsapp damage or users.
User should not (or third) shall assist, directly or indirectly, by automated means or in other ways, access, use, copy, adapt, modify create license, distribute derivative works, or transfer, view, or perform, sub-licenza, exploit our services in a way not allowed or unauthorised or damage, or harm us or our compromise services, our systems, users or third parties.
This includes user the ban, directly or through automated means: (a) to rebuild, modify, or create works derived the code by our services derive decompilare; (b) send, store or transmit virus or other computer codes harmful through our services or within them; (c) obtain or try to obtain unauthorised access to our services or systems; (d) affect the protection, security, confidentiality, integrity, availability or the performance of our services; (e) create account for our services by means of unauthorised or automatic; (f) collect the information of our users or related to their in a manner not permitted or unauthorised; (g), sell, sell or rent for our services or to make objections data received from us so unauthorised; (h) distribute or make available our services through a network which allows the use contemporary by more devices, without prejudice to the cases where
Keep your account safe.
User is responsible for the safety of its device and its whatsapp and is required to account uses unauthorised or promptly inform us security breaches of his account or our services.
Go back to the beginning
Third-party services
Our services may allow the user to access, use or interact with websites, app, content, other goods or services to third parties and products offered by the companies goal.
E.g. user may choose to use services backup third (as) integrated with google drive or icloud our services or interact with a button sharing on a website that allows you to send information to third its contacts whatsapp.
These terms and the privacy policy shall apply only to the use of our services.
If use of products or services or other products of a third company goal, apply the respective deadlines and information privacy that surround the use.
Go back to the beginning
Licences
User rights.
Whatsapp ownership of the information sent is not demanding user in relation to the account or through our services. whatsapp
User rightholder shall be necessary on information in relation to the account or send through our services and whatsapp law to give you in use and according to our license terms.
Rights whatsapp.
Whatsapp owns all of copyright, trademarks, domains, logo, distinguishing marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights associated with its services.
Shall not be used our copyright, trademarks (or any similar) domains, marks logo, distinguishing marks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights unless the user does not have our express authorisation in accordance with our guidelines on trade marks.
User may use the marks of our subsidiaries solely with the permission of themselves and in accordance with the provisions of the guidelines on marks published.
Licence user for whatsapp.
In order to enable us to make available and provide our services, user gives a global and not exclusive licence whatsapp without royalties, possible in and to use, play, sub-licenza transferable to distribute derivative works, view and produce information (including content) office sends or receives store on our services or by them.
Rights granted in this licence are intended solely to make available and provide our services (e.g. in order to display the image profile and the status message, transmit messages and store messages not delivered in our server for a maximum period of 30 days, during which we will try to deliver them).
Licence by whatsapp.
Whatsapp gives the user a licence limited, not exclusive, not possible in revocable nor for the use of transferable sub-licenza our services and in accordance with our terms.
This licence is merely intended to allow the use of our services in the way of our terms. allowed
No licence or right is granted outside here than here expressly intended.
Go back to the beginning
Reporting of violations of copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights
For reporting violations of copyright, trademarks and other types of intellectual property, we ask the user to consult our discipline on intellectual property.
User infringes the intellectual property rights of others in a clear, serious or repeated or where we are obliged by law to proceed in this way, we can take measures with regard to its account, including the decommissioning or treatment has stopped.
The disabling or removing occur under section " withdrawal and later resolution ".
Go back to the beginning
Exclusions responsibility and exemption
Use services is at risk of user and is subject to the following exclusions of responsibility.
Our services are provided in the state in which they find themselves without guarantees explicit or implicit, including, for example, not exhaustive, guarantees in relation to eligibility for specific purpose, property, merchantability or not breach of rights of third parties and the absence of virus or other computer codes harmful.
Give no guarantee as to the accuracy, completeness and the usefulness of the information, operation, the lack of errors, safety or the protection of our services or the operation of our services without interruption, delays and shortcomings.
Not have control and we are not responsible for monitoring the mode or when using services or functions, interfaces and services provided by our services.
We are not responsible and we have an obligation to control the actions or information (including content) of our users or other third parties.
User exempts ourselves, our subsidiaries and subsidiaries and their managers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the " partners ") from parts of any complaint, application whatsapp, legal action, dispute, dispute (collectively, the " complaints or damage "), familiar and unfamiliar, relating to arising from or related in any way to complaints that the user may have against third parties.
User rights relating to parts are not affected by these exclusions whatsapp responsibility if the laws in force in the country or territory in which he resides, applicable as a result of use of our services, do not allow it.
Go back to the beginning
Limitation of liability
Whatsapp is responsible only in the following manner:
Whatsapp unrestricted is responsible under the provisions of law for damage resulting from injury to life, physical or health, in cases of intent, gross negligence and under the directive on the manufacturer's liability.
Whatsapp provides services to the user in accordance with professional diligence.
Provided acted according to professional diligence, declines all responsibility of losses not whatsapp caused by the violation of present terms by his actions, or at least not reasonably foreseeable losses user and whatsapp upon subscription of these terms and events outside the reasonable control of whatsapp.
Go back to the beginning
Dispute resolution
If the user is a consumer who is habitually resident in a country or territory within the european region, the laws in force in that country or territory shall apply to any complaint user towards us arising from or related to these terms or to our services.
Such complaints can be resolved before any competent court in the country or territory which has the jurisdiction on the complaint.
In all other cases, the user accepts that the complaint will be resolved before a court competent in ireland which has jurisdiction concerning the same and that the irish law regulating these terms and complaints, regardless of the rules on conflicts of law.
Go back to the beginning
Availability or break services
Availability of our services.
Always trying to improve our services.
That means we can expand, add or remove our services, functions, functionality and the support of certain devices and platforms.
Our services may be interrupted, including in the case of maintenance, repairs, updates or problems network or equipment.
Could stop, in whole or in part, our services, including special function and support to certain devices and platforms, at any time after a notice of 30 days.
Notification is not required in case of urgent situations, such as the prevention of misuse, compliance with legal requirements or the resolution of operational problems or security.
Our services may be influenced by events outside our control, for example natural disasters and other events of force majeure.
Withdrawal and resolution.
Although we hope that this does not happen, user whatsapp may terminate its with whatsapp at any time and for any reason removing your account.
For instructions for operation, visit articles of our assistance for android, iphone or Kaios centre.
Our right to resolution for good cause remains untouched.
The just cause allegedly if part violates laws, rights of third parties or otherwise does not comply with these terms and is not reasonably plausible that part making the resolution can continue the contractual relationship until the termination date agreed or on expiry of period of notice, taking into account all the circumstances of the individual case and after weighing the interests of both sides.
Resolution for good cause is feasible only within a reasonable period of time from the moment when the party was informed of the violation.
If the important reason is the breach of an obligation part of the terms, the resolution is admissible only after the expiry of a period of unsuccessful or a notice to no avail. right granted
However, this does not apply if the party in breach seriously and final refuses to meet their obligations or if, after weighing the interests of both parties, special circumstances justify immediate termination.
Under section " resolution ", we can also withdrawal and amend, suspend or terminate access to our services and its use at any time to conduct or illegal, including suspected cases of fraud, or if we believe in a reasonable manner user violates our terms or create damage, risks or for us, our legal responsibilities or other users.
Disabling or we could also delete account user if it is not activated after its registration or become inactive for a prolonged period of time.
User delete if his account or if it is eliminated or disabled from us, these terms shall cease to have validity of contract between the user and whatsapp, but the following provisions shall continue to apply in the case of resolution of the relationship between user and whatsapp. "
Licences exclusions, " " responsibility and, " " exemption limitation of liability, " " dispute settlement, availability or break services ', " other provisions '.
User feels that the suspension or decommissioning of your account has taken place in error, may at contact us support @ support.whatsapp.com.
Go back to the beginning
Other provisions
Unless otherwise provided by an agreement concluded between the user and whatsapp, our words on representing the full contract and to our services and replace any whatsapp previous contracts.
Whatsapp reserves the right to establish in future that some of its services are governed by separate terms that, where possible, the user can accept separately).
Our services are not intended for distribution or use in countries or territories in which the distribution or use is contrary to the local laws or may than to respect legislation in other countries assoggettarci or territories.
Whatsapp reserves the right to restrict its services in any country or territory.
User undertakes to comply with all applicable laws relating to the control of exports and to trade sanctions adopted by the united states and other countries ' laws on export '). (
User must not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export or otherwise provide transfer our services: (a) to individuals, legal entities, territories or countries prohibited under the laws on export; (b) to anyone required under the headings " party " (parts list restricted list excluded) in the united states or other countries; (c) for purposes prohibited by the laws concerning the export, including applications related to nuclear weapons, chemical or biological or relating to the rocket technology without the necessary authorisation for.
User agrees not to use or downloading our services if it is in a country or territory subject to restrictions, if currently included in the lists " party " (parts list restricted list excluded) in the united states or other countries or prohibited by the laws concerning the export. purposes
User also agrees not to use proxy ip or other methods to fabricate its position.
Any modification or waived by user needs our present terms proposal explicit consent.
Work constantly to optimise our services and to develop new functions able to improve our products for the user and for our community.
So we may have to these terms for regularly update accurately identify our services and our practices.
Make changes only if the provisions are no longer adequate or complete.
Unless otherwise required by law, announce the user with at least 30 days before the amendment of the terms (e.g.
By e-mail or through services), in order to allow the user to consult the terms updated before come into effect.
Also, make sure that the amendments are reasonable for the user, taking into account their interests.
Update also the date of " last amendment at the top of the " terms.
Changes in these terms not earlier than 30 days after will become effective the notification of change planned.
Once entered into force all the terms, the user must respect updated if it continues to use our services.
Hopefully user continues to use our services, however, if not accept our terms as modified, the user shall be required to discontinue use removing your account.
All our rights and obligations as specified in the present time limits may be from us freely transferred to our subsidiaries in the event of a merger, takeover, restructuring or sale of goods or succession statutory or other operation.
If such a sale, information user only under transfer with the laws in force and ask their consent, if required.
These terms will regulate the relationship between the user and the third.
Hopefully user continues to use, however, if it accepts such whatsapp transfer, the user is required to stop using services, removing your account once informed of the assignment.
User agrees not to transfer rights or obligations specified in these terms without our prior written consent.
None of the provisions of these terms will comply with the law. by precluderci
Subject to the provisions therein which, the words do not represent any right to third parties beneficiaries.
The failure to enforce any part of these terms is not in any way a waiver.
Where one of the provisions of these terms should be considered illegal, blank or for any reason, this provision will be unenforceable considered as insofar minimum necessary to permit its application.
If this provision can not be made applicable, then considered separate from our terms and will not affect in any way the validity and applicability of other provisions of our terms and the rest of our terms will remain in full force.
We will all rights not specifically granted.
In some jurisdictions, the user might have legal rights as a consumer, and the terms are not intended to limit the legal rights of consumers who might not be by contract. derogabili
Also in some jurisdictions, the user might have legal rights as concerned under the processing of personal data: our terms are not intended to limit these legal rights, which might not be by contract. derogabili
Feedback or other suggestions relating to and our services are always whatsapp welcome.
However, the user acknowledges that is not required to provide feedback or suggestions and we could use these feedback or suggestions without any limitation or obligation for remuneration against him.
Go back to the beginning
Consultation deadlines whatsapp in different languages
To consult the time limits in another language, it is necessary whatsapp change their settings session whatsapp.
If deadlines are not available in english language selected, will be shown by default.
More information on using services are available in:
Privacy policy of whatsapp
Rules on intellectual property whatsapp
Guidelines on the whatsapp
Go back to the beginning
