General conditions for the use of the service of yahoo!
Extraordinary news!
Our parent company was acquired by funds managed by affiliated company apollo global management, inc.
And its subsidiaries.
Read more in our press.
1 november 2021 name of the company that provides the products and services using changed from average limited to yahoo emea emea verizon limited.
For now, the way in which we treat your data remains the same.
.A june 2017, we announced that the aol joined to become a single organisation and mobile digital media.
Are currently; acting under the present general conditions of use only yahoo.
Where user has a yahoo account or aol, these general conditions of use will have to accept.
Note if the user has not yet accepted these general conditions of use, the conditions for the use of or those (for yahoo Oath) are still applicable to your account aol).
These conditions of use shall be effective from 25 may 2018 for all products and services that do not require the creation of a yahoo account.
If the user is creating a new account, the following conditions apply since access
General conditions for the use of the service of yahoo!
I welcome in yahoo!
Yahoo inc.
All brand listed in section 13 (including the brand), and the company aol listed in sections 13 and 14 (collectively, " " we, " yahoo " us " or " our ") are part of the corporate group yahoo.
Our brand, web sites, app, products, services and technology (" services ") are provided by the companies listed in section 13 listed below.
User is required to read carefully the sections 1 to 13 and 14.1, which are sections to him 14.13 applicable.
Using services user accepts these conditions, the reported in our privacy policy centre and all guidelines of the community and additional conditions provided to the user for services used (collectively " conditions ').
User is required to read carefully the conditions as representing the full agreement of the user with us.
These conditions contain limitations of our responsibility in section 9.
Users usa: these conditions contain, in section below, 14.2 arbitration agreement and binding clauses renunciation of the collective action and a trial by jury which are applicable to all users of the united states.
Using services
Powers.
User shall be entitled to use the services under the applicable law.
Where user uses the services on behalf of a company, a company or another legal entity, the same acknowledges have every legal power to accept these conditions on behalf of that society.
Then society accepts these conditions and the word ' user ' means that legal entity.
User accesses an account on behalf of the owner on (e.g.
As administrator, etc.), the consultant, analyst conditions apply to activities of user on behalf of the owner of the account.
Compensation.
User uses the services on behalf of a company, a company or other legal entity or for commercial purposes, the user and the legal entity undertake to keep free societies (yahoo and manlevare defined in section 8 mentioned below) from any cause, complaint or relating to the use of action arising from, or services or the breach of these conditions, including any responsibility or expenditure resulting from complaints (including appeals for negligence), loss, damage, causes, judgments, contentious and legal costs.
Age.
If the user has not reached the minimum age (as defined in section 14), can not create an account.
Unless already possesses a family in the united states, the user yahoo account shall have at least the minimum age required to use the services.
Parts services with adult content and / or intended for adults.
Only user adult can access those contents (must have at least the age of majority under home country).
Conduct for the members.
Listen not to use services in a way that these conditions or our guidelines violin community, including:
Obtain or try to obtain unauthorised access to services or to our server, systems, to the network or to the data;
Harmful content made available for children, threatening, insulting,, unlawful, vulgar, vanity, obscene calunniosi diffamatori, contravene of privacy or from the point of view questionable denigratori racial, ethnic or for any other reason.
Violate laws or regulations;
Pretend act on behalf of another natural or legal person, or falsifying or manipulate or in order to conceal the headers identification transmitted through the origin of content service;
Content made available that has no right to make available or which contravene patent rights, mark commercial secrecy or other property rights, copyright of a natural or legal person;
Publish contained containing advertisements or other requests trade without our written consent;
Make available virus or other computer codes, file, programmes or designated for interrupt destroy or restrict content services or function affect other users; or
Affect in any way or stop services or servers, systems or networks related to services.
Using services.
The user must comply with all the guidelines or the policy associated with the services.
User must not misuse of services or interfere with them, or try to access using methods other than those permitted in our interface and set out in instructions from us provided.
User may use the services only within the limits allowed by law.
Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, the user can not access the services or a part of them, or reuse riutilizzarli, for commercial purposes.
Export control.
User accepts to comply with the laws and regulations on the control of exports of the united states and checks of trade in other countries concerned, including for example the export administration administration export regulations (regulations) bureau of industry and security the department of commerce of the united states and programmes embargo and restriction of commercial transactions operated by the office of foreign assets control (supervising office goods) foreign treasury of the united states.
User represents and warrants: (1) not be a subject under any list identified ousted government exclusion from export (see, for example http: / / www.bis.doc.gov / /); (2) complianceandenforcement liststocheck.htm re-export or use the services to transfer not software, technology or other technical data subjects or countries to which the export is prohibited and (3) do not use services for purposes only, nuclear missile military armaments, chemical or biological or conduct further activities involving services in breach of the laws on export and import of the united states or other countries concerned.
Anti-corruption legislation.
User agrees to comply with all applicable laws, including those that prohibit anti-corruption illegal payments made for purposes of corruption in relation to these conditions.
Possession and re-use.
Use services does not give the user ownership of intellectual property rights or other property right services or on content it accesses.
User should not use brand or within services used logos unless it is issued separately from us the user an express written authorisation.
User can not remove or alter any legal note, obscure within their services or together with the displayed services.
Unless holding a express written authorisation, the user should not play, modify rent, rent, sell, distribute, transmitting, exchanging we'll broadcast, publicly run create derivative works based on or use for commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, services (including the contents, advertisements, bees and software)
Software license.
Without prejudice to the ongoing compliance with these conditions we are granting the user a licence personal, non-transferable basis royalty-free non-assignable, access and for the use of software and non-exclusive bee that we can provide the user as part of the services.
This licence shall be granted to sole purpose of enabling user use and benefit services that we supply, of the kind permitted pursuant to these conditions and any condition or additional guidance.
User shall not be authorised to carry out activities or attempt to reverse engineering extract the source code from our software, subject to the laws in force do not prohibit such restrictions or user is in possession of a our express written authorisation.
Our software may automatically download and install updates security and other without prior notification to the user
Support.
Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, we do not promise to provide the user any support for services.
We if we assist the user, this remains at our sole discretion and does not mean that we will continue to do so in future.
Committees.
We reserve the right to charge fees for use or access to services (and any associated support), currently in place or not, to our own sole discretion.
Us if we charge fees, will apply our payment terms and inform in advance the user.
Versions services.
In versions services may be available different functions and not all functions may be available in the country or region of the user.
Nor all functions may be available if the user with informing uses a different version of the services or 3rd-party software.
Policy anti-abuse.
No sending us or junk email using our services.
User is not authorised in relation to services, to conduct business on properties or non-commercial or activities involving an app high volume of traffic without our prior written consent.
User can not be behaviour or activities detrimental to the services or the experience of other users.
Conditions Envrmnt 360.
Users us: conditions apply to the user and 360 Envrmnt are available here here in english and spanish.
Rss feeds.
User uses a rss feed provided by us all as yahoo ("), rss feeds will be allowed the user to view the contents only it contains, without any amendments, and will be required to provide the allocation to our website of origin and the link to the complete article rss feeds on yahoo.
User can not include advertising in rss feeds yahoo.
We reserve the right to suspend any rss feeds at any time and yahoo to require the cessation of the use of an rss feed by any user, yahoo at any time and for any reason.
All our product or service may also require the application of more specific conditions relating to general use rss feeds yahoo.
Account; notices
Account information.
To use some services may require an account.
User must ensure that the information on the account (i.e. the information provided at the time of registration or registration at a service) are up-to-date, complete, accurate and true.
Except accounts aol, all yahoo account shall not be transferable and any right to these ends after the death of connected holder.
Access to account.
User is responsible for any activity that occurs in your account or through your account.
To protect the account is necessary to reserve the password.
Not reuse the account password for other services.
Without affects their legal rights, where the user password and can not forget the otherwise validate your account with yahoo, user recognises and accepts that your account can be made inaccessible and that all the associated data can not be recoverable.
Alarms.
Yahoo may provide the user warnings to include announcements and notices relating to changes to these conditions, service through, for example, email, sms, mms, ordinary mail, notification or push, services, telephone message in-app post or other means reasonable currently known or subsequently developed.
User agrees to receive such notices by any or all of the means listed above.
User can notices conditions accessing services with if it violates mode unauthorised.
Considering received all alarms which would have been sent if the user had performed access to services in a manner authorised.
Data protection and privacy
Our centre for privacy illustrates how are treated personal data user.
Using services user accepts our privacy policy and use on our part of its information in accordance with that information.
Using and enjoying the services user acknowledges that the yahoo is at the root of many of our customization services.
Can offer many of these services only using personal data user to provide content and announcements custom.
For further information on, consult our center for the personalization privacy.
Procedure for claims concerning rights violations of copyright and intellectual property
We respect the intellectual property of users and we expect that users do the same.
Under certain circumstances and we off our sole discretion, closing and / or take other action appropriate on account of potential perpetrators of violations.
If you think your rights of copyright or intellectual property have been violated, follow the instructions here.
Content exist within services and licence granted to yahoo
Content.
Our services show some that we created and content are not our property.
These will be the sole responsibility of the natural or legal person that makes them available.
We are responsible for the behaviour of third parties, including the natural or legal persons with which the user services communicate using.
Many services allow the user to send content.
User yahoo-is the only responsible-not content uploaded, published by mail sent, reported or otherwise made available through the services.
We reserve the right to remove or refuse to publish content which contravene the conditions or the laws and regulations applicable; however, this does not mean that monitor services or before us or the contents. filtriamo
Using accessing services or user recognised and accepted to be exposed to offensive content, indecent or unpleasant.
Intellectual property rights and licensing.
Unless otherwise provided for in the additional conditions for a specific product or in the guidelines for one of our service when the user charge, shares or services, shall send contained ownership of intellectual property rights on the content and gives us a worldwide licensing, and not exclusive royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable to perpetual sub-licenziabile: (a) use host, store,, modify create play (such as translation, adaptation, derivative works or other changes report, summaries publish, and distribute the publicly run publicly display in any way, with any content methods of use or with any average or currently known future development and (b) to allow other users access, play, distribute, publicly display derivative works and perform publicly the contents create through services, as permitted by function of these services (e.g.
Reprint blog, in the content). or downloading ri-postare
Some services may provide conditions or specific settings that allow an area of use different content within the loaded services.
User shall have the necessary rights to give us the license described in this section 6 (b) for all content uploaded, shared with or sent to services.
Edit interruption and services account closure;
Innoviamo altering and continuously improve services.
Unless otherwise specified in section 14 with reference to the region of user, we can, without any prior notice, add or remove function or functions, create new limits services or suspend or interrupt temporarily or permanently, a service.
User may cease using services at any time.
User may cancel and remove your account aol at any time its yahoo account by clicking here by clicking here.
For further information, see the centre on assistance.
Unless otherwise specified in section 14 with reference to the region of user, we can suspend or close temporarily or definitively the account user or impose limits or restrictions on the user access to all or part of services at any time without notice, and for any reason, including, for example, violations of these conditions, orders of the tribunal or inactivity.
Without prejudice to any legal rights, where the user's account is closed, access to username, password and all details contained files and associated with it could be stopped and the username may be re-used by others.
If service to payment, consult our payment terms available by clicking here.
Declarations and guarantees
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, we, together with our company controlling, and its subsidiaries controlled and officials, managers, employees, staff, agents, partners, and distributors (" society licensees collectively " yahoo declarations, or guarantees, expressed RILASCEREMO promises or implicit services.
Services are provided " in the state where they are ', " without additional guarantees " and " come available. "
Use services by the user, including contained within them, is to risk of the user and they will not only no statement, guarantee that the promise or services will be provided without interruption, timely, safe and free from error.
User recognises and accepts that can not be guaranteed security of any data transmission via the internet or other technology for storing information and that we expressly any express or implied DECLINIAMO responsibility here.
We do not accept commitments or promises or any guarantees on what we do within the present RILASCIAMO services or the substance related to services, on support for services, on specific functions services on the safety of services or the reliability, quality, accuracy, availability or capacity of services to meet the needs of the user or provide or achieve results.
Some courts take into consideration certain implicit guarantees, such as the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and not violation.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law in force, all the commitments or guarantees DECLINIAMO implicit or explicit relating to services.
Limitation of liability
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, user recognises and accepts that the company yahoo are not responsible for indirect damage:, special and incidental, compensation or other damage multiple CONSEQUENZIALI high, damages or arising from or related specimens punitive to these conditions or use of services by the user.
Companies yahoo ' are not responsible for the lost profits, lost earnings, lost business opportunities, loss of value, including alleged loss or loss of value of personal information or loss of any other type (collectively, " " arising from or relating to losses) these conditions or the use of, or access to services, including, for example, losses derived from or relating to: the elimination, altering, delivery incorrect or the lack of records managed or forwarded by services; the limitation, suspension or closure of account; the download or the sharing of information, including personal information, through services; the unauthorised access to the account of the user or data managed or forwarded by services; links provided by services or by a third party resources or external transactions sites; advertisers or participation in promotions advertisers available on or services accessible through; or all goods and services sold by these advertisers.
Companies yahoo ' will not be responsible for the difficulties caused by others, actions to third parties or prohibited or illegal force majeure.
Restrictions and exclusions set out in these conditions apply whether or not we were warned us or we were aware whether or not the possibility of any losses.
The limits of the law and unless otherwise indicated in section 14, the company is not responsible for any yahoo disputes arising from or relating to these conditions or services for no amount higher than that to us paid by the consumer for the services themselves.
Feedback
User accepts that any recommendation, idea, proposal suggestion, or other input (" feedback " feedback) sent to us in relation to our products, services, web sites, or technology can be used by app, we notice, without any obligation limit, repayment or the user and the user fee waiver of (or agrees not to exercise) all existing rights now or in the future (including the moral rights and equivalent) on any feedback.
Services against payment and billing.
Unless otherwise specified in additional conditions applicable to services that the user is using the user shall apply the conditions laid down in this section 11.
Offer products and subscriptions to payment (" payment services ").
Pay services are governed by the additional conditions accepted at the time of registration to user revenue service and under these conditions.
If there is a payment service user must choose a method of payment and provide us with accurate information for billing and payments, and has an obligation to continue to keep them up to date.
Many payment services require the user to possess or create a id yahoo or aol.
Dial-up if the user is a client, is required to consult the aol additional conditions available by clicking here.
The following important provisions shall apply to all our payment services:
Products from third parties.
If pay services include a product of third user recognises and accepts that also purchase and use of service shall be subject to the conditions of service and the privacy policy of these third parties, that the user should read carefully before accepting.
Payments.
User has at least the minimum age required to conclude a contract legal.
User agrees to pay for all payment services purchased from us, and to pay all the other costs resulting from account, including taxes and charges applicable.
User is responsible for all the costs generated by the account, including purchases personally or anyone who has been authorised by the user to use the account or any account secondary or related (including any person with implicit representation, actual or apparent) or anyone who gets access to account following the inability of the user to safeguard its credentials authentication.
Payment methods.
User allows us and allows us to passing these amounts on the method of payment designated or, where the debit not to succeed, by any other method of payment to us informed, although in relation to other payment services.
User is responsible for all debits even if the method of payment is rejected or the debit successfully. wrong
User allows us and allows us to store all information relating to methods of payment associated to its account.
We reserve the right to import information payment entered by the user at a previous purchase and give him the chance to use them at the time of purchase of a new product.
User allows us to obtain up-to-date information from the issuer of the method of payment and to apply them in accordance with the rules and procedures of any mark applicable cards.
In some cases, we can continue to charge the burdens on a method of payment beyond its expiry date, discretion and approval of processors our payment or the issuing bank.
Increases may be using certain payment methods, such as current account or savings.
Payment terms.
Can charging for services to payment in advance and on a daily, monthly, annual flat-rate or otherwise in accordance with the conditions laid down, provided that the subscription remains, though not has been downloaded active or was not performed using the service or access to online accounts.
Automatic renewal.
Use the automatic renewal for many of our payment services.
The end of each period of subscription for these services to reconsider the subscription and payment automatically costs on credit card addebitiamo or on another method of payment to them by the user, unless the user will not cancel the subscription at least 48 hours before the end of the current period.
Unless otherwise specified in section 14, the subscription is automatically renewed the current price at that time, excluding discounts and promotions.
Our sole discretion, we reserve the right to cover those costs individually on the method of payment or indicated aggregate charges for some or all of the payment services purchased by the user.
Anti-fraud protection.
We reserve the right to intervene in order to verify the validity of the information on the credit card to us provided by the user, also on credit card debiting amounts of less than $ 1.00 and immediately. riaccreditandoli
User allows us to perform this operation for verification purposes and for combating fraud.
Tests free of charge.
Reserve may offer the user testing, to enable it to prove the free subscription to a revenue service without any cost or obligation (" "). free test
Unless otherwise provided and unless the user not gates before the expiry of the subscription test free will be charged for the subscription to periodicals amounts currently in force at the end of tariff probationary period free and will continue to be charged to the cancellation of the subscription.
If the user is not happy with a particular service pay must cancel the before the end of the test for free subscription they will not face objections.
We reserve the right to set a limit of one test free or promoting a service to payment and prohibit the combination of tests free or other promotional offers.
No reimbursement.
All amounts charged are not eligible unless otherwise specified in conditions accepted at the time of registration in user service to payment, and unless otherwise specified in section 14 with reference to the region of the user or otherwise specified below.
Termination.
Our sole discretion, we reserve the right to amend, stop or end all aspects of a revenue service without prior notice, including access to support services, to the content and to other products or services ancillary to revenue service, providing a debt repayment for all portions of a specific condition, but no longer available.
User may cancel a revenue service at any time by access to online accounts and leaving the subscription.
Modification of tariffs and invoicing method.
We reserve the right to modify the fees and the methods of billing at any time.
If price increase, we will inform the user with a notice of at least thirty (30) days.
According to the law applicable, (i) if the user does not agree with the proposed amendment, his only remedy is to remove the revenue service before the entry into force of the amendment of the price and (ii) continued use of the services or subscription to the service after the entry into force of the amendment price is user regarding the payment of the new acceptance price.
Arrears.
Within 30 days of non-payment of the amounts due, the user of the revenue service is considered and we reserve the right to close boyfriend or suspend the account and the revenue service for non-payment.
User is responsible for all costs, including the legal expenses and recovery, which we supported in an attempt to collect any outstanding balance.
Notice period of 90 days.
User should find out any problems or discrepancy billing within 90 days from their appearance on the statement of invoicing method chosen.
Where user not tell us within 90 days, the user agrees to waive their right to challenge these problems or discrepancies.
Information on these conditions
Beneficiaries third and conflict.
These conditions governing the relationship between the user and us.
Do not create rights vis-à-vis third parties.
In case of conflict or inconsistency between the conditions laid down in this document and the additional conditions associated with a particular service, the additional conditions will only apply to this conflict or inconsistency.
Modification of the conditions.
Unless provided otherwise in section 14 with reference to the region of user, we can change the conditions from time to time.
Our unless otherwise stated, the changes will be effective on the date of publication on this page or on any incoming page.
User is required to monitor regularly the conditions.
We notice (in accordance with section 3 (c) above) substantial changes.
Use regular services.
User may cease using services at any time, but continued use of a service or a subscription to a service after the date of entry into force of any amendment to the conditions implies acceptance of the conditions as amended.
Surrender and safeguard clause.
Our failure to exercise or the failure to enforce any rights or provision of these conditions is not a waiver to this right or provision.
If any provision (or part of a it) of these conditions is cripple, us and the user we give effect intentions shown in provision and other provisions of these conditions will continue to remain in place and fully effective.
Transfer from us.
We dispose freely these conditions and all the policy and other documents incorporated or named in them (including all rights, licences and obligations that these require), in whole or in part without notice, for any reason, even for purposes of internal restructuring (e.g. mergers or liquidations)
Service provider
Services are provided by the company which offers the services in the region of user as defined in section (the " company concerned " 14.13 yahoo), with the exception of the services mentioned in section 13 (b).
Not all services or functions may be available in the country or region of the user.
Different functions may be available in different versions of services.
The service provider may change if the user moved to another country and continues to use our services.
The following services are provided to the user by the same company concerned irrespective of the place where the yahoo user is located:
Services indicated in this section 13 (b) (i), shall apply the provisions of section 14.2 (united states).
The following services are provided by yahoo inc.:
Engadget (unless otherwise specified in section 14)
Techcrunch (unless otherwise specified in section 14)
Rivals
Yahoo view
Yahoo developer network
Makers
The following services are provided by to tech yahoo llc:
Aol on.
Learning center
The following services are provided by yahoo sports fantasy llc:
Daily. "
U.s. fantasy cash Leagues
U.s. fantasy pro Leagues
Fantasy sports other services are provided by yahoo inc.
Experience yahoo studios for consumers are provided by RYOT yahoo inc.
Flurry is provided by Flurry llc
Party, applicable law, place for the settlement of disputes and other requirements
In section 13 above is indicated the provider of services used by the user.
Is supplier with which the user is delivery contracts by concluding services.
Applicable law, the place for the settlement of disputes, certain terms defined (including the companies concerned) and other important provisions yahoo spaces are reported in this section 14.
In case of applications, the user must contact the customer care using the contact details given below on the geographical area applicable.
Us):
Defined terms
Applicable yahoo yahoo inc. (entity:
22000 aol address: way, dulles, va). 20166
Minimum age: 13
Arbitration agreement binding.
Arbitration agreement for users of the united states.
User and we are ready to resolve any dispute, dispute or in any way arising from, or concerning complaint to these conditions or services which user receives from us (or any announcement on such services), including the dispute between the user and our employees or agents (" / ") only through arbitration dispute and individual or into court for reasons of minor.
User is aware that, if these conditions, an arbitration or an appeal in court for reasons of minor will be the single means to resolve any dispute.
User recognizes that, by accepting these conditions, user and we'll skip it the right to propose action before a court or a jury (except for those matters which may be brought before the court for reasons of minor) and user and we'll skip it right to apply to collective action or other representative action.
Procedures arbitration may be different from prosecution, an arbitrator may grant individual user the same remedy and damages a court and the arbitration award can be presented to, and performed by, any court having jurisdiction in this area.
The parties recognise that without this compulsory, have the right to sue and to have a trial by jury.
Acknowledge that, in some cases, the costs of arbitration may exceed the legal expenses and the right of access may be more limited in arbitration that in court.
Also, both parties agree:
Notification of the dispute.
We or user will resort to arbitration under these conditions, the requesting party the arbitration must first send a written notification to the other side of the dispute at least 30 days before the beginning of the arbitration.
The notification sent to us should be used at yahoo mail, act.:
Disputes 1199, coleman, san jose, hail or by mail at ca 95110 disputes @ yahooinc.com.
Notification user should be sent to the mail addresses or, if indicated, that we have postal our archives at the time of dispatch of the notification.
Notification shall describe the nature of the complaint and the chinese required.
If we are not able to resolve the dispute within 30 days, either party may proceed depositing an instance of arbitration.
Arbitration procedure.
To these conditions is applied the federal act on arbitration federal) Arbitration.
Except for the cases of competence of the courts for reasons of minor, and all the disputes will be settled by each managed by american Arbitration association (arbitration). " aaa "
The aaa will apply the commercial rules (rules of commercial arbitration) Arbitration any dispute to arbitration under these conditions, unless the user is not a natural person and operate services for personal or domestic use, where will the consumer Arbitration rules (rules of arbitration for consumers) by aaa (excluding rules or procedures governing or permit collective action).
User may require the aaa (including information on procedures for the start of an arbitration procedure), rules and charges (.) www.adr.org
These conditions apply to the extent that does not come into conflict with the commercial rules or the rules of Arbitration consumer Arbitration aaa.
Use to court to minor cases.
As an alternative to arbitration, the user can bring an action before a competent court for individual cases of minor in its county (or, in the event of a residence subsidiaries in the principal place of business) or in santa clara county, california, on condition that the dispute complies with the requirements for the causes of competence of the courts dealing with small claims.
Place of arbitration.
Unless otherwise agreed between the user and we arbitration shall take place, or the case for a minor dispute must be submitted, in the county of principal residence of the user or the county of santa clara, california.
Costs and costs of arbitration.
Rimborseremo any expense holding user charged by the arbitration of aaa dispute.
User provides us with a written notice and signed about the possibility of pay charges deposit will be paying these charges directly to the aaa.
If arbitration shall, we shall all administrative expenditure and also all fees the referee subsequently charged.
Offer compromise.
Can, but we are not obliged to make an offer, compromise at any time in writing before or during the arbitration.
The amount or conditions of any compromise offer can not be disclosed to the referee except for as long as the referee didn't pass the ruling.
User does not accept the offer and the referee user a sum of money than recognises our offer, but less than $ 5,000, we agree to: (a) pay the sum of $ 5,000 a user rather than the lower recognised, (b) pay the fees and legal expenses incurred by the user and reasonable (c) repay charges and the costs and deposit of the arbitration fees incurred in relation to arbitration of the referee of the dispute.
If referee recognises the user excess to $ 5,000 and not its ruling, we shall pay to the user impugniamo amount referred to in the ruling.
Safeguard clause.
If part of this agreement for arbitration is considered inapplicable by a competent court, the court will reform the agreement to the extent necessary to correct the / and part / not applicable (s) and the parties will govern their disputes without reference or rely on / / not applicable and the part (s). however, if for any reason the renunciation of the collective action provided below in field can not be applied to 14.2.c all or part of the dispute, the arbitration agreement will not apply to this dispute or portion thereof.
Dispute covered by a renunciation of the collective action deemed inapplicable may be contested only before a court of a competent court, but the remainder of the arbitration agreement will be binding and enforceable.
Doubts or uncertainties, to avoid parties are an arbitration procedure or to arbitration of collective on behalf of other complaints made.
Surrender to collective action for users of the united states.
These conditions do not allow arbitration class or even if allowed by collective procedures or in the regulations in aaa.
Notwithstanding any other provision in these conditions, the referee will recognise money or issue a measure in favour of the interested party that only INGIUNTIVO requires such protection and only to the extent necessary to provide the protection required by individual action by that party.
Arbitration or judicial proceedings carried out under these conditions can not be promoted, managed by or on behalf of or resolved a class, as a private attorney general, or any other way of representative.
In addition, procedures individual can not be assembled without the consent of all the other parties.
Any question concerning the application or interpretation of this paragraph will be handled by a court and not by the referee.
Waiving a trial by jury for users the united states.
If for any reason a dispute is not settled by arbitration tribunal, we agree that there will be and the user trial by jury.
User refused us and unconditionally to any right to trial by jury for any action or counterclaim procedure in any way arising from or related to these conditions.
If disputes, this paragraph may be presented as proof of acceptance to hold a trial in a written court
The choice of law.
These conditions and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that may arise between the parties, under contract, unlawful act or for any other reason, are governed by the laws of the state of new york, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws.
In any case, the parties may act in accordance with the laws of another jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction.
All litigation (regardless of the subject) arising from or relating to these conditions or the relationship between the user and we, for any reason are introduced before a court for arbitration will be managed through exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in county, new york, new york or the district court district south american in new york.
In such cases, we and the user should accept jurisdiction staff courts established in new york county, new york, in south district of new york and to raise any dispute regarding the rinuncianmo jurisdiction and territorial jurisdiction of the courts.
Customer care.
Are given below the link for assistance customers.
Customer care to label products by aol
ACCT customer care for other products (english)
Customer care for other products (spanish)
Guidelines of the community.
Guidelines community yahoo are listed below:
English
Spanish version
Services consist of " commercial software for computer " and " materials trade ' in the sense used in the federal acquisition regulation (federal regulation on purchases) and the rights of the united states are only those granted to all other end-users in accordance with the terms and conditions listed here and will not exceed the minimum rights set out in the FAR. 52.227-19
Subtitles.
Yahoo complies with the rules and regulations of the federal communications commission on subtitles of video content.
Consult page https: / / www.yahooinc.com / for information / accessibility / captioning any possible doubt or complaint or to express on the video content on the network owned by yahoo accessible.
In new jersey, all the limitations of liability described in section 9 will apply, unless the content in these conditions, excludes or limits responsibility for acts of will, gross negligence, intentionally or breach of duty imposed by law.
User agrees not to use the services to provide support or material resources (or to hide or conceal the nature, location, provenance or ownership of support or of material resources) to any organisation designated by the united states government as a terrorist organisation in accordance with section 219 of foreign Immigration and nationality act.
3.
Argentina (ar), chile (cl), colombia (co), hong kong (hk), mexico (mx), peru (pe) and venezuela (ve):
Defined terms
Yahoo company concerned: international inc. (yahoo
1921 address: avenue, nw 87, fl, usa) doral 33172
Minimum age: 13
Arbitration agreement binding.
Arbitration agreement.
User yahoo and agree to resolve any dispute, dispute or complaint in any way arising from or relating to these conditions or services which the user receives from us (or any announcement relating to such services), including the dispute between the user and our employees or agents (" / ") and dispute by arbitration or only individual court for causes minor.
User is aware that, if these conditions, an arbitration or an appeal in court for reasons of minor will be the single means to resolve any dispute.
User recognizes that, by accepting these conditions, the user and give up right to yahoo before a court action or a jury (except for those matters which may be brought before the court for reasons of minor) and that the user and yahoo give up right to apply collective action or other representative action.
Procedures arbitration may be different from prosecution, an arbitrator may grant individual user the same remedy and damages a court and the arbitration award can be presented to, and performed by, any court having jurisdiction in this area.
The parties recognise that without this compulsory, have the right to sue and to have a trial by jury.
Acknowledge that, in some cases, the costs of arbitration may exceed the legal expenses and the preliminary phase of gathering evidence may be more limited in arbitration that in court.
Also, both sides agree on:
Notification of the dispute.
Or user if we use to arbitration under these conditions, the requesting party the arbitration shall first submit a written notification to the other side of the dispute at least 30 days before the beginning of the arbitration.
The notification sent to us should be used at yahoo mail act.:
Disputes 1199, coleman, san jose, hail or by mail at ca 95110 disputes @ yahooinc.com.
Notification user should be sent to the mail addresses or postal, that we have in our if indicated on file at the time of dispatch of the notification.
Notification shall describe the nature of the complaint and the chinese required.
If we are not able to resolve the dispute within 30 days, either party may proceed depositing an instance of arbitration.
Arbitration procedure.
To these conditions is applied the federal act on arbitration federal) Arbitration.
Except in cases covered by courts for reasons of minor, each and all disputes will be settled by arbitration managed by american Arbitration association (" aaa ").
The aaa will apply the commercial rules (rules of commercial arbitration) Arbitration any dispute to arbitration under these conditions, unless the user is not a natural person and operate services for personal or domestic use, where will the consumer Arbitration rules (rules of arbitration for consumers) by aaa (excluding rules or procedures governing or permit collective action).
User may require the aaa (including information on procedures for the start of an arbitration procedure), rules and charges (.) www.adr.org
These conditions apply to the extent that does not come into conflict with the commercial rules or the rules of Arbitration consumer Arbitration aaa.
Use to court to minor cases.
As an alternative to arbitration, the user can bring an action before a competent court for individual cases of minor in county (or, in the event of a residence subsidiaries in the principal place of business) or in santa clara county, california, on condition that the dispute complies with the requirements for the causes of competence of the courts dealing with small claims.
Place of arbitration.
Unless otherwise agreed between the user and we arbitration shall take place, or the case for a minor dispute must be submitted, in the county of principal residence of the user or the county of santa clara, california.
Costs and costs of arbitration.
Rimborseremo any expense holding user charged by the arbitration of aaa dispute.
User provides us with a written notice and signed about the possibility of pay charges deposit will be paying these charges directly to the aaa.
If arbitration shall, we shall all administrative expenditure and also all fees the referee subsequently charged.
Offer compromise.
Can, but we are not obliged to make an offer, compromise at any time in writing before or during the arbitration.
The amount or conditions of any compromise offer can not be disclosed to the referee except for as long as the referee didn't pass the ruling.
User does not accept the offer and the referee user a sum of money than recognises our offer, but less than $ 5,000, we agree to: (a) pay the sum of $ 5,000 a user rather than the lower recognised, (b) pay the fees and legal expenses incurred by the user and reasonable (c) repay charges and the costs and deposit of the arbitration fees incurred in relation to arbitration of the referee of the dispute.
If referee recognises the user excess to $ 5,000 and not its ruling, we shall pay to the user impugniamo amount referred to in the ruling.
Safeguard clause.
If part of this agreement for arbitration is considered inapplicable by a competent court, the court will reform the agreement to the extent necessary to correct the / and part / not applicable (s) and the parties will govern their disputes without reference or rely on / / not applicable and the part (s). however, if for any reason the renunciation of the collective action provided below in field can not be applied to 14.1.f all or part of the dispute, the arbitration agreement will not apply to this dispute or portion thereof.
Dispute covered by a renunciation of the collective action deemed inapplicable may be contested only before a court of a competent court, but the remainder of the arbitration agreement will be binding and enforceable.
Doubts or uncertainties, to avoid parties are an arbitration procedure or to arbitration of collective on behalf of other complaints made.
Surrender to the collective action.
These conditions do not allow arbitration class or even if allowed by collective procedures or in the regulations in aaa.
Notwithstanding any other provision in these conditions, the referee will recognise money or issue a measure in favour of the interested party that only INGIUNTIVO requires such protection and only to the extent necessary to provide the protection required by individual action by that party.
Arbitration or judicial proceedings carried out under these conditions can not be promoted, managed by or on behalf of or resolved a class, as a private attorney general, or any other way of representative.
In addition, procedures individual can not be assembled without the consent of all the other parties.
Any question concerning the application or interpretation of this paragraph will be handled by a court and not by the referee.
Waiving a trial by jury.
If for any reason a dispute is not settled by arbitration tribunal, the user and agree that there will be a yahoo trial by jury.
User yahoo and waive unconditionally to any right to trial by jury for any action or counterclaim procedure in any way arising from or related to these conditions.
If disputes, this paragraph may be presented as proof of acceptance to hold a trial in written a court of law.
The choice of law.
These conditions and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that may arise between the parties, under contract, unlawful act or for any other reason, are governed by the laws of the state of new york, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws.
In any case, the parties may act in accordance with the laws of another jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction.
All litigation (regardless of the subject) arising from or relating to these conditions or the relationship between the user and we, for any reason are introduced before a court for arbitration will be managed through exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in county, new york, new york or the district court district south american in new york.
In such cases, the user and should we accept jurisdiction staff located in county courts new york, new york, in south district of new york and refused to raise any dispute regarding the jurisdiction and territorial jurisdiction of the courts.
Customer care.
Are given below the link for assistance customers.
Argentina
Chile
Colombia
Hong kong
Mexico
Peru
Venezuela
Guidelines of the community.
Guidelines yahoo of our community can be found here.
Services consist of " commercial software for computer " and " materials trade ' in the sense used in the federal acquisition regulation (federal regulation on purchases) and the rights of the united states are only those granted to all other end-users in accordance with the terms and conditions listed here and will not exceed the minimum rights set out in the FAR. 52.227-19
Subtitles.
Yahoo complies with the rules and regulations of the federal communications commission on subtitles of video content.
Consult page https: / / / / / for more accessibility www.yahooinc.com captioning information or to make any further questions on the complaint or video content on the network owned by yahoo accessible.
In new jersey, all the limitations of liability described in section 9 will apply, unless the content in these conditions, excludes or limits responsibility for acts of will, gross negligence, intentionally or breach of duty imposed by law.
User agrees not to use the services to provide support or material resources (or to hide or conceal the nature, location, provenance or ownership of support or of material resources) to any organisation designated by the united states government as a terrorist organisation in accordance with section 219 of foreign Immigration and nationality act.
4.
Brazil (br):
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned: do brasil ltda. yahoo internet (
Address: av.
Brigadeiro faria lima,-3,600, são paulo, sp / 9th go), brazil 04538-132
Minimum age: 13 years (however, if the user has an aged between 13 and 18 years, must have the consent of a parent or other legal guardian in order to accept our conditions and use the service.
Onesearch yahoo mail services provided:,, yahoo, yahoo news search yahoo! finance, yahoo sport and yahoo lifestyle.
User using if any of these services and is in brazil, or otherwise with yahoo internet do brasil ltda collapses.
Services are provided by yahoo internet do brasil ltda.,
The specific provisions for region, provided for in section 14.4 apply to that use and shall prevail over any forecast against this in section 1 or in section 13 (a) of these conditions.
Other services: services which are not listed in section 14.4 (b) are not given from yahoo internet do brasil ltda.,
Which therefore is not responsible for services and has no power or ability to take any measure in relation to those services, including access or disclosure of data of the user and / or the removal of content generated by the user.
The choice of law.
Conditions and the relationship between the user and yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Will be governed by the laws of the federative republic of brazil, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws.
Customer care.
Assistance customers, see this page.
The protection of our systems and data of users is crucial to ensure our users to yahoo experience maintain their safe and confidence.
For further information on the safety, including the actions that we take and the actions that the user can take, read our online article by clicking here.
User understands and agrees that the use by the same and providing services cover the collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of information and data user, including the transfer of information and data to other society and in other territories, as indicated in the privacy policy.
5.
Canada (ca and fc):
Defined terms
Company yahoo concerned: yahoo corp. (canada
99 Spadina address: avenue, suite 200, toronto, ontario M5v) 3p8.
Minimum age: the age laid down by law to conclude a contract binding or territory of residence in the province of the user.
The choice of law.
These conditions and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute that may arise between the parties, under contract, unlawful act or for any other reason, are governed by the laws of the province of ontario, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws.
In any case, the parties may act in accordance with the laws of another jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction.
Any claim to us is the exclusive competence of the courts of the province of ontario, canada.
In such cases, the user and should we accept the jurisdiction of staff located in the province of ontario and courts or to raise any dispute about rinunciam jurisdiction and territorial jurisdiction of the courts.
Customer care.
Are given below the link for assistance customers.
Customer care (english)
Customer care (french)
Updates.
We automatically download and install the latest version of services on the device user when a new version or function is available.
Territories and provinces (including the quebec) do not permit the exclusion of guarantees.
Provinces user in these territories and has only guarantees specifically requested in accordance with the applicable law.
Territories and provinces (including the quebec) do not allow the exclusion of limitation of liability for all types of damage.
In these provinces, we shall be accountable to the user only for damage for which we expressly required to be liable under the applicable law.
Australia (au):
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned:
For Onesearch, yahoo lifestyle yahoo! finance, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo search, sport, yahoo and yahoo tv, the company concerned is yahoo! weather yahoo yahoo australia pty ltd (address: level 4, 8 west central avenue, 2015, australia) and is Eveleigh nsw subject to the following conditions: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the user and yahoo australia pty ltd will be settled by the laws of the state of new south wales, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws, and (b) the user and yahoo australia pty ltd agree to have the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of new south wales.
For all other services, the company concerned is yahoo inc. (yahoo
22000 aol address: way, dulles, all) and for those services apply 20166 conditions of section 14.2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Customer care.
Assistance customers, see this page
Confidential.
India (in):
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned:
For Onesearch, yahoo mail and yahoo, the company concerned is yahoo search private limited (nic yahoo india): U72900mh2000ptc138698 Regd.
03-106 Wework office:, 3rd floor, ii, 1 oberoi Commerz mohan rd, no 2, gokhale colony colony, mumbai-400 063, Aarey maharashtra, india) and apply the following conditions: (a) the " minimum age " is 13 years, provided that, if the user has an aged between 13 and 18 years, must have the consent of a parent or other legal guardian in order to use the service and register for an account, (b) the user must be at least 13 years in order to accept our conditions, provided that, if you have an aged between 13 and 18 years, must have the consent of a parent or other legal guardian for doing so, (c) the conditions and the relationship between the user and yahoo india will be governed by the laws indian private limited, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws, and (d) user and accept subjecting themselves to private limited yahoo india state exclusive jurisdiction of the courts mumbai, india.
For other services:
Society yahoo concerned is the same as specified in relation to a particular service provider and the conditions and the relationship between the user and the company concerned will be governed by the laws of yahoo place of company yahoo concerned; or
If none is specified as yahoo in relation to a particular service provider, the company concerned is yahoo inc. (yahoo
22000 aol address: way, dulles, virginia) and uses for such services is 20166 apply the conditions of section 14.2 (united states).
Customer care.
Assistance customers, see this page.
Yahoo india Grievance officer.
Contact responsible for complaints of yahoo india (india), visit the yahoo Grievance officer page.
Click here to an important judgment of the court provided by Hon' supreme court of india in relation to ble a ban with reference to the advertising material under law act, 1994. PCPNDT
(Jp) japan:
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned:
For aol mail entity is Boundless inc. (yahoo applicable
1-11-1 marunouchi, address:, tokyo, japan, Chiyoda-ku 100-6218).
Products mark yahoo japan in japan: these products are available provided by a third party.
For all other services, the company concerned is yahoo inc. (yahoo
22000 aol address: way, dulles, virginia 20166 usa).
Minimum age: 18 years (however, if the user has an aged between 18 and 19, must have the consent of a parent or other legal guardian in order to accept our conditions and use the service)
The choice of law.
Conditions and the relationship between the user and we will be settled by the laws of japan, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws.
Forum.
User we submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of the district of tokyo, japan.
Edit services; change of conditions
If edit services as described in section 7 (a) or for amendments to these conditions in accordance with section 12 (b) a notice to a reasonable user send advance of any change which is a significant handicap the user or significantly limits the user access or use of services.
With regard to changes to these conditions or services that must be made to comply with the safety requirements, legal or regulatory, we may not be able to warn the user in advance, but they will be as soon as possible after having made these changes.
Limitation of liability.
None of these conditions undermines legal rights user as consumers under laws of japan, which can not be modified or contractually. rinunciati
Therefore, if the contract on the use of services in accordance with those conditions is considered a contract to consumers under the act of japan, some of the consumer contract exclusions referred to in section 9 and limitations of these conditions will not apply to the user for responsibilities of our intent or gross negligence.
Customer care.
Assistance customers, see this page.
New zealand (nz):
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned:
For Onesearch, yahoo entertainment, yahoo lifestyle, yahoo news, yahoo mail and sports society yahoo search yahoo concerned is limited (new zealand yahoo yahoo address: level 1, customs, auckland, east street 22-28 1010 new zealand, and apply the following conditions: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the user and yahoo new zealand limited laws will be settled in new zealand, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws, and (b) the user and yahoo new zealand limited to accept subjecting themselves exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of new zealand.
For all other services, the company concerned is yahoo inc. (yahoo
22000 aol address: way, dulles, virginia) and uses for such services is 20166 apply the conditions of section 14.2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Customer care.
Assistance customers, see this page.
Singapore (sg), indonesia (id), malaysia (my) (ph) philippines, thailand (th) or vietnam (vn)):
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned:
For Onesearch, yahoo calendar, yahoo celebrity, yahoo! finance, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo search, yahoo style, yahoo, yahoo tv, weather and yahoo travel, the company concerned is Aviate yahoo yahoo!
Singapore digital marketing pte.
Ltd. (
79 address: robinson road, #, singapore) and apply 07-01 068897 the following conditions: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the user and yahoo!
Singapore digital marketing pte.
Ltd.
Are settled laws singapore without with regard to provisions on conflicts of law, and (b) the user and yahoo!
Singapore digital marketing pte.
Ltd.
Accept subjecting themselves to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of singapore.
For other services:
Society yahoo concerned is society as specified in relation to a yahoo supplier and conditions and particular service, the relationship between the user and the company concerned will be governed by the laws of yahoo place of company yahoo concerned; or
If none is specified as yahoo in relation to a particular service provider, the company concerned is yahoo inc. (yahoo
22000 aol address: way, dulles, virginia) and uses for such services is 20166 apply the conditions of section 14.2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Customer care.
Are given below the link for assistance customers.
Singapore
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
Thailand
Vietnam
​ ​ ​ (tw) taiwan:
Defined terms
Yahoo companies concerned:
For Onesearch, yahoo, yahoo autos, yahoo charity auctions, yahoo dictionary, yahoo, yahoo! finance, yahoo games, Esports yahoo house, money, yahoo mail yahoo, yahoo news, yahoo yahoo movies search, shopping, yahoo sport, yahoo, yahoo store marketplace, yahoo stock style, yahoo, yahoo, yahoo travel tv and society, yahoo! weather Aviate concerned is yahoo yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan (branch address: 14f, rd, district, taipei No.66 Sanchong nangang, 115, taiwan) and apply the following conditions: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the user and yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan branch will be settled by the laws of the republic of china (), without regard to the provisions on R.o.c. conflicts of law, and (b) the user and yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan accept subjecting themselves to branch of the court of exclusive jurisdiction of the courts district in taipei, taiwan R.o.c.
For other services:
Society yahoo concerned is society as specified in relation to a yahoo supplier and conditions and particular service, the relationship between the user and the company concerned will be governed by the laws of yahoo place of company yahoo concerned; or
If none is specified as yahoo in relation to a particular service provider, the company concerned is yahoo inc. (yahoo
22000 aol address: way, dulles, virginia) and uses for such services is 20166 apply the conditions of section 14.2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Customer care.
Assistance customers, see page.
Europe, the middle east and africa
Defined terms
Yahoo concerned: company limited (address: 5-7 point yahoo emea square, north wall quay, dublin, ireland) 1
Minimum age: for the member states of the european union, the minimum age is 16 years or the age foreseen by the member state so that the user can give their consent to the processing of personal data.
States outside the european union the minimum age is 13.
The choice of law.
These conditions and their implementation, interpretation or training, and the relationship between the parties, including any claim or dispute which may arise between the parties themselves (including claims or disputes), will be governed by the laws of non-contractual ireland, without regard to the provisions on conflict of laws.
Jurisdiction.
Except in the cases referred to in paragraph (d) mentioned below, the user and we accept to submit the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts or dispute arising from or irish any dispute relating to these conditions, or the implementation, interpretation or training (including claims or disputes non-contractual).
In such cases, the user and should we accept jurisdiction staff courts located in ireland, hastening to raise any objection to the jurisdiction and territorial jurisdiction of the courts.
User resides in an eu country, none of these conditions, including paragraphs (b) and (c) above, affect their eligibility for the application of any rule or provision relating to the choice of local overriding jurisdiction which can not be changed by contract.
The european commission provides an online platform for the settlement of disputes, available at http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
Customer care.
Are given below the link for assistance customers.
Ireland
United kingdom
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
All other countries
Edit services; amendments to these conditions
If edit services as described in section 7 (a) or for amendments to these conditions in accordance with section 12 (b), send a notice to the user with a reasonable advance of any change which is a significant handicap the user or significantly limits the user access or use of services.
Continued use of services by the user after the date of entry into force of such amendments constitute acceptance conditions or services as amended.
With regard to changes to these conditions or services that must be made to comply with the safety requirements, legal or regulatory, we may not be able to warn the user in advance, but they will be as soon as possible after having made these changes.
Communication on the closure, suspension or limitation of the services or account
Despite subsection (f) above and without it affects the legal rights of user, we reserve the right to without prior notice or suspend close temporarily or permanently, the account user or limit or restrict access, in whole or in part, to account or services:
User violi, or where believe he to breach the conditions, including all agreements, the policy or the guidelines they incorporated;
In response to requests by the police or other government agencies under a legal proceedings valid;
Because issues or technical problems or unforeseen safety; or
Where account user has prolonged periods of inactivity, in accordance with our policy on the cancellation of accounts.
In case of withdrawal or final closure of the accounts, we will warn the user and the will in advance a reasonable time to access and save the files, information and content associated with, unless account there is reason to believe that the continuous access to account infringing the provisions applicable legal, requests the police or other government bodies or does damage to us or to third parties.
Reflection period for consumers in the eu.
The following provisions are an integration of section 11 (services against payment and billing).
If the user is a consumer resident in the eu may cancel the revenue service without reason within 14 days from the date of conclusion of the contract.
User avvisarci may by completing and returning this form or, in the absence of other options, this module sent by post.
Pervenirci notification shall before the end of period of notice of 14 days.
Exceptions.
If user buys from us digital content provided through support material, accepts that the withdrawal period expires immediately when begins to download or view the happy digital.
Reimbursement.
All payments received by the user for the revenue service will come to us reimbursed within 14 days from the date of receipt of the notification of withdrawal.
Unless expressly agreed otherwise, use the same means of payment used for the initial transaction.
User accepts that, if you start to use the revenue service before the end of the withdrawal period, will be responsible for all amounts accrued until the date of withdrawal.
Automatic renewal.
Alongside section 11 (b) (v) applies as follows: if the subscription is automatic renewal and the price is increased, the user will be warned of the new price applicable and will be given the opportunity to withdraw from the subscription within a period of 14 days of receipt of the notification.
In this case, the new price will not be applied and the subscription to expiry of the deadlines will end.
Exclusions and restrictions of responsibility.
None of these conditions affect the legal rights of user as consumers under laws irish and eu which can not be modified or contractually. rinunciati
Therefore some exclusions and restrictions referred to in sections 8 and 9 conditions will not apply the user if these is a consumer resident in a european union country.
Our responsibility.
Despite as set out in section 9, we accept the responsibility for representations to us if made or fraudulent injury or death of the user as a direct consequence of our negligence in relation to the services.
Additional conditions for users italian is available here.
Additional conditions for users germans are available here.
Last updated: 25 january 2022
