Conditions of use of zoom
Date of entry into force: 13 april 2022
Important please read: use and access by the user to website, products and services and software associated collectively, the service zoom video communications, inc.)
And its subsidiaries (" zoom ") are conditional upon and acceptance of these terms, which include the agreement of the user to resolve any dispute by arbitration.
Read before accepting.
Clicking or by selecting the box or the button, " with through access to the website or using the zoom zoom, user services agree to be bound by the terms of service and all the accompanying documents, forms of order and policies (" the agreement " or " incorporated service ").
Zoom services are not available for people who legally to be bound by these defective conditions of use.
Zoom will provide services, and you can access and use services in accordance with this agreement.
Zoom can provide any services under this through any of its subsidiaries.
If user services through a page sort or a form of order (online registration module "), the form of order order may contain additional terms and conditions and information regarding the services ordered.
Unless explicitly stated in these terms and conditions applicable to the additional specific service the user has chosen to use these terms are incorporated in this agreement and will be here using that service by the user.
System requirements.
Use services requires one or more devices compatible, access to the internet (might be applied costs), and some software (might be applied costs) and may require, from time to time, updates or improvements.
Since use of services involves the use of hardware, software and internet access, your ability to have access to these services and use may be influenced by performance of these factors.
Is recommended access to high-speed internet.
User accepts and acknowledges having responsibility for these system requirements, which may be amended from time to time.
Definitions.
The following definitions shall apply to this agreement and any reference to the singular includes references to plural and vice versa.
Specific definitions of services are contained in the document description of the services available at www.zoom.us / services-description.
" Subsidiary ' in relation to a part, is any entity that directly or indirectly controls is controlled by or is under common control with this.
For purposes of this agreement, " control " means a voting or economic interest amounting to at least 50 % (50 %) or, in the absence of such interest voting or economic, the power to direct or determine the direction of the management and approach policies of this nature.
" End-user ' means an organiser or a participant (as defined in the description of services) using the services.
" Initial subscription period ' means the subscription period starting at a given service as specified in a form of order.
" Commencement of the service ' means the start date for subscription initial as specified in a form of order.
" Renewal period " means a period of renewal of the subscription to a service which starts after the period of initial subscription or after any other period of renewal as specified in a form of order.
" Taxes " and " taxes or duties " all sales tax on the use, environmental or regulations applicable, vat, charges, duties (including customs duties), charges, supplements or assessments levied on the provision of services to the client (including any income tax applied to zoom).
" Vat " means the value added tax and any other tax of a similar nature, applied in a member state of the european union to replace, or collected in addition to, this tax, or otherwise applied elsewhere, any tax on goods and services, pis /, any indirect tax or any similar COFINS similar tax applied in relation to, or otherwise related to, the services rendered by zoom to the customer.
" Data user ' means the information provided to zoom in a way that can meet the conditions of the contract itself zoom and can provide access to services (e.g. name of the farm, billing address and tax identification number, vat registration number, name and contact details).
User alone is responsible for the accuracy of data of the user and zoom has no responsibility for errors and omissions in the present data user.
Services.
Zoom provide services as described in the form of order and updates standards for services rendered by generally available during the period of validity of terms. "
Zoom may, at his sole discretion, discontinue services or change the function of services, from time to time, without further notice.
Services beta.
Occasionally zoom, can offer access to services classified as beta.
Access and use of beta versions may be subject to further agreements.
Zoom does not guarantee that it will be generally available a beta and reserves the right to stop or change a beta at any time and without any prior notice.
Versions beta are provided as they may contain bug, and other defects, errors and the use of a beta is exclusively at risk of the user.
Use services and responsibility of the user.
User may use the services only in accordance with the terms of this agreement.
User is the only responsible for his own use of services and that of his end-users and is required to respect and to ensure compliance all laws related to use by the same and its end users of services, including, without limitation, the laws on registration, intellectual property, privacy and export control.
The use of services is void if not allowed.
Information for inclusion.
Recording and / or the use of certain services, the user can receive the request to provide personal information.
User certify that the information provided will be rectified.
User may receive a request to include a username and a password.
User has full responsibility to maintain the security of your username and password and its does not agree to any divulgarli third party.
Content of the user.
User agree to be solely the contents (" content ") he sent or transmitted or he displayed or during use of services and loaded compliance with all the laws on the content, including, without limitation, the laws requiring the user the acquisition of consensus on the use of content and third providing appropriate notices on rights of third parties.
User represents and warrants to have the right to load the content on and that such use does not violate or zoom breaks no right to third.
Under no circumstances will be held responsible in any way of zoom (a) content transmitted or when using services displayed, (b) errors or omissions in content, or (c) loss or damage arising from the use of any kind, from access or the refusal of access to content.
Zoom although is not responsible for the content, to dispose of all content can zoom or in part, at any time without notice, if it becomes aware of any breaches of the provisions of this agreement or a law.
User retains the copyright and any other law already held in connection with the contents, or services or loads places display using the same.
Records.
User is responsible for compliance with all the laws on registration.
Organizer may choose to record meetings and zoom webinar.
Using services, given by the user to zoom the consensus of retain records all webinar and in which it participates user zoom meetings, if such records are maintained in our systems.
User will receive a notification (or other visual) when activated registration.
User not agrees to the registration, may choose to emerge from the meeting or by webinar.
Use prohibited.
User agrees not to use, and not to allow any end user to use services in order to: (i) amend, disassembling, prepare derivative works, carry out decompilare reverse engineering or otherwise try to gain access to the source code services; (ii) use either consciously or services in order to abuse, negligent or damage networks zoom, interfere its account or services; (iii) take an illegal activity, fraudulent, false or misleading, (iv) to transmit through services any material which could break the intellectual property or other rights of third parties; (v) creating or use as a benchmark a product or service of competition, or copy characteristics, or graphics services function; or (vi) use services to any message or material, defamatory, threatening obscene molesto indecent, which infringes the intellectual property rights of any party or is otherwise illegal, which might lead to civil liability or are conducted or encourage that
Ix) use services in violation of any policy zoom or so that violate the laws, including for example laws and regulations on the control of exports, on for privacy and counter-terrorism which require the consent of subject of audio and video recordings, and the user have the sole responsibility of compliance with those laws and regulations.
Limitations on use.
User can not play, sell or distribute services or reports or data generated from services for any purpose, unless the user has not been explicitly authorised to do so on the basis of another agreement with zoom.
User can not offer and enable the use of any third party services purchased by itself, can not display any user on web site or publish services or any content obtained from a service (except the general contents user) or otherwise generate profits services or the use of services for the development, production or marketing of a service or a product broadly similar services.
Responsibility for end-users.
User is responsible activities all end users who have access to services, or use them, through his account and user undertakes to ensure that these end-users comply with the terms of this agreement and of any policy zoom.
Zoom has no responsibility for any breaches.
User learns about violations in this agreement in relation to the use of services by any person, is invited to contact zoom to address trust @ zoom.us.
Zoom may investigate any complaint or violation brought to its attention and can take any action or not considered appropriate, including, for example, issue warnings, remove the contents or eliminate accounts and / or user profiles.
Zoom under no circumstances can be held responsible in any way for any given or content during the use of services, including displayed, for example, but not exhaustive, any omission or error in such data or content, or any loss or damage of all kinds resulting from its use, from access or the refusal of access to any given or content.
Obligations zoom zoom related to content will all reasonable steps, both physical and technical, to prevent disclosure or unauthorised access to content, in accordance with the industry standard.
Zoom notify user when it becomes aware of an unauthorised access to content.
Zoom than not, it will display or with the exception of (a) develop content as provided for in this agreement and the privacy policy zoom; (b) as authorised or user, (c) instructed that is required to fulfil their obligations under this agreement; or (d) as required by law.
Zoom has no obligation on the content.
Fitness.
User stated that it has completed at least 16 years of age and have any other security to sign terms, conditions, certificates, declarations and obligations contained in this agreement, guarantees and undertakes to respect and comply with this agreement.
Access user can be interrupted without notice if we believe that the user is less than 16 years or otherwise fit.
Intended use; restriction on the use by children. services are intended to farm.
User may choose to use the services for other purposes, subject to the terms and limitations of this agreement.
Zoom is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 16 years, unless it is through an educational establishment (as defined by the subscriber term description of services) using for education (cycle zoom primary and secondary education).
Objections and cancellation.
User accepts that zoom may impose on his credit card, or on another payment system user preferred itself and approved by zoom (" "), user account all amounts due and resulting from the service.
All payments made in our favour by the user will be free and free from any deduction as laid down by law or delay.
Where deductions or retained on any payment is required (including on a non-exclusive the withholding taxes national or international), the amounts will be paid by required additional so that the net user which we received is the amount due under this contract.
Formats we shall provide tax reasonably necessary to reduce or eliminate the amount to be retained or charges for the payments made to deduct under this contract.
Zoom amend prices at any time, including the transition from a free service to a pay and the debit services offered free of charge; previously zoom user prior notification and provided the user the possibility to cancel zoom give your account where user changes the price of a zoom department to which the user is registered and not objections user charge, unless a service previously user has not been informed of the applicable tariffs and has not agreed to lead.
User accepts that, where zoom be unable to recover the amounts due to zoom services used by the user account, zoom can take any other measure deemed necessary to recover these sums user and that it is responsible for all the costs and expenses incurred by zoom in relation to that activity of collection, including the collection costs, judiciary and legal.
User accepts also zoom applied to all amounts not paid due interest equivalent to the lower of 1,5 % per month and the maximum amount permitted by the law or any amount not paid on schedule.
User may revoke its subscription at any time.
In case of cancellation, will not be charged to the user terms of service, which further will continue until the end of subscription period in question.
In case of cancellation, the user will not receive any reimbursement for services already paid.
Taxes.
Unless otherwise stated, all prices and tariffs presented by zoom taxes or duties regulations, do not include services, costs of services, expenditure configuration, subscription or any other charges or costs associated with debit account of user.
Where applicable, fees and taxes rules are being charged invoices submitted to zoom in accordance with the laws and regulations in force; local, at its sole discretion, zoom will result in the amount of tax due.
Taxes and fees charged may be varied without notice. law
Invoices with vat.
If required by law, zoom user or a vat invoices with gives document which the relevant tax authority comes as invoice with vat.
User accepts that this invoice may be issued by electronic means.
Tax exemptions.
If user is free from any tax or tax will be required to provide zoom certificates of tax exemption and / or other appropriate documentation satisfactory to the tax authorities as proof of the applicable rule of exemption.
Zoom reserves the right to review and validation of the documentation for the tax exemption.
Where documentation for the tax exemption is not valid, zoom reserves the right to charge to the user applicable taxes.
Payment of fees and taxes.
User is required to be zoom all taxes and applicable taxes.
User alone is responsible for payment of all fees and taxes due following the provision of services by zoom.
Where user is required to pay taxes, user that will be required to pay these amounts without any reduction in or compensation amounts payable to zoom in accordance with this document and, in addition, the user will and support any additional amount as appropriate to receive the full amount of the payment envisaged zoom as if this reduction in or compensation was not required.
Vat paid by the customer.
Where user is required to pay taxes to the tax authorities to " reverse charge or other similar mechanism through, the user will provide all the appropriate tests to zoom zoom to demonstrate the nature of business, such as a user vat number of valid (or similar information required under the laws on vat relevant).
Zoom reserves the right to review and validate the vat number.
Where the vat number is not valid, zoom reserves the right to charge, the user vat applicable.
To avoid any misunderstandings, where the user is required to pay vat to the tax authorities, by reverse charge or other similar mechanism, the user is the only responsible for the payment of these amounts to the fiscal authority relevant to zoom the full amount of the payment request receives.
Determination of taxation.
Determination tax is based mainly on the place where the customer is established their own affairs according to the data of the customer.
Instead as regards natural persons, is based on the position in which that person is permanently.
This will be defined by the address " sale " as zoom.
Zoom reserves the right to verify the correspondence between that position and the other evidence available in order to validate if the location specified by the user is accurate.
Where position specified by the user is inaccurate, zoom reserves the right to charge to the user any taxes outstanding.
Use and enjoyment.
If user purchases, and these services are services zoom used and enjoyed by its subsidiary in a country other than the position set out by the user as determined by section 9 (s) of these conditions of use, the user confirmation that, where requested, will use this as a provision to its subsidiary and gain.
Where user purchases services and are used and enjoyed by those services a branch or by an individual within a country other than the location as determined by section 9 (s) of these conditions of use, the user agrees to inform on the zoom that were allocated and services also accepts that zoom reserves the right to charge fees and commissions according to use and enjoyment of these services.
Resolution.
Website zoom contains information on how to close the account.
User bought a service for a given period, the termination shall take effect on the last day of the current period.
Module order may provide that the renewal period beginning where either party not automatically send a notice of resolution at least thirty (30) days before the beginning of the period of renewal.
User fails to comply with the provisions of this agreement, zoom can solve this agreement immediately and retain any quotas already paid by the user.
On termination of this agreement, the section 1 and the sections 3 to 22 will remain in force.
The resolution of this agreement, the user is required to stop using services.
If at any time user is not satisfied with the services, the only solution is discontinue the use and observing this resolution procedure.
Ownership rights.
Zoom and / or its suppliers, as appropriate, hold the owner of all ownership rights in services and in all the trade names, trade marks and service marks, logos and domain names (the " marks ") or services associated zoom displayed.
User can not carry out activities or use techniques including framing framing marks zoom or other proprietary information (including images, texts, layout page or zoom) formats without express written consent.
User should not be used meta tag or any other " hidden " using marks text without the express written consent zoom zoom.
Confidentiality.
Each party agrees to consider and maintain as confidential all information provided by the other party on the non-public activities, systems, operations, strategic plans, customers, tariffs (including, for example, the conditions on fares presented in these document, methods, processes, the financial data, programmes and / or products elsewhere in any form, which are referred to as " confidential ' or that a person knows, or should reasonably understand that reasonable are reserved (" confidential information ").
The purpose of this contract, confidential information user should include data of the user and any information disclosed to zoom on the user activity, systems, operations, strategic plans, customers, tariffs, methods, processes, the financial data, programmes and / or products of the user.
Each party agrees to limit the disclosure of confidential information to other parties to fewer people as possible and only to those people who need to know what its personnel or personnel of its subsidiaries and subject to an obligation to keep such information confidential.
Unless necessary to fulfil their obligations under this agreement, neither party should, without obtain the prior written consent of the other party, disclose to any person, company or firm, except as expressly allowed in this document, or use for their benefit or for the benefit of third parties confidential information of the other party.
Exclusions.
" Confidential information " shall not include the content or information that (a) are already legally part known when are obtained from the other side, are free from any obligation to keep such information confidential; (b) or become publicly known or available without any unlawful act of part; (c) are legitimately received from parties without restrictions or without breach of these conditions of use; or (d) are developed by a party without the use of any information provided on the other side does not publish full ownership or under contract.
Exception.
Either party may disclose confidential information where required by law, by legislation or orders of the court, provided that the party subject to the law court order or legislation, where possible, notifies the other party such use or disclosure requirement before the in order to allow for this other side the opportunity to obtain a supervision orders to prevent or restrict the dissemination of information to third parties.
Period and obligations of confidentiality.
Confidentiality obligations set out in this section of the conditions of use will remain in force for a period of five years from disclosure.
Both parties are (a) to take all reasonable steps to protect confidential information of the other party and these measures must be at least as protective those adopted by the receiving party to protect their confidential information and no less than a reasonable standard of care; (b) inform the part of the discovery of any use or disclosure divulgante unauthorised of confidential information, and (c) in the case of unauthorised disclosure of some recipient, cooperate with the disclosed to help regain control part of confidential information and prevent further use or unauthorised disclosure of it.
Copyright.
User posting, modify or distribute can not in any way subject to copyright material play, trade marks, rights advertising or other property rights without the prior written consent of holders.
Zoom can deny access to services to any user who allegedly broke the copyright of third parties.
Except those limits, if the user considers that its copyright has been infringed may send an alert to zoom as specified here.
Esportazione.l' restrictions on services, or user agrees that part of them, are subject to the export administration regulations, 15 parts, the united states and C.f.r. 730-774 may be subject to other national laws on export control and trade sanctions (" laws on export control and trade sanctions.
On request, provide classifications on zoom us export applicable to its services.
User end-users and its can not access, use, export, re-export, hijack, transfer or disclose any part of the services or material or technical information related directly or indirectly, in breach of laws on the control of exports and trade sanctions.
User represents and warrants that: (i) the user and its end-users (a) are not nationals or residents of countries or territories subject to us trade sanctions or other significant trade restrictions (including, without limitation, cuba, iran, north korea, syria and the regions of crimea, and ukraine) and donetsk Luhanks nor the user or its end users accessing services, or use, or move, esporteranno riesporteranno services to / from dirotteranno such countries or territories; (b) shall not be subject, or are not owned 50 % or more, individually or in aggregate form, by entities identified in lists [Specially designated nationals and blocked Persons sdn] or [esf treasury] foreign Sanctions Evaders american and (c) shall not be included in the lists DPL [], and Persons Denied list entity list [of] list lvu u.s. department of commerce Unverified or lists of the u.s. state department related to non-proliferation; (ii) the user and the
User alone is responsible for compliance with the laws on the control of exports and trade sanctions and is required to check the same for any changes.
No use in high-risk environments.
Services are not designed or licensed for use in hazardous environments requiring controls, including inter alia autoprotetti operation of nuclear facilities, communication systems / shipping, aircraft of air traffic control and resuscitation or weapons.
Services should not be used for or in the context of any environment at high risk.
Measure INGIUNTIVO.
User agrees that any use of services contrary to this agreement, or any transfer, concession in, copying or dissemination of materials or sub-licenza technical information related to services may cause irreversible damage to zoom to its subsidiaries to suppliers and to any other party to zoom to resell, distribute or promote services (the " retailers '), and in these circumstances, zoom, its subsidiaries, suppliers and retailers have title to a remedy, without payment of security or other equitativo guarantee, including, for example, the measure of preliminary and permanent. inhibitory
Garanzia.l' understands and accepts that no user services are provided " in that state are " and its subsidiaries, zoom, suppliers and retailers guarantees of any kind, show clearly expressed, including, for example or implicit but is not exhaustive and guarantees, fitness for a particular purpose merchantability or not violation.
Zoom, its subsidiaries, suppliers and retailers provide no guarantee or declaration in relation to results from the use of services on available the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through services or the fact that services meet requirements user or are relentless, timely, safe and free from error.
Use services is at risk of exclusive user.
All materials or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of services are only at the discretion and at the risk of the user.
User will be the only responsible for any damage resulting from the use of services.
All risks arising from the use or the performance of services are user charge.
Zoom assumes no responsibility for the storage of any information on user or communication between users.
Zoom can not guarantee and not promise any specific result from the use of services.
Use is at risk of the user.
Compensation.
User agrees to compensate, defend and its subsidiaries, " manlevare officials, managers, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and retailers by any claim of third parties, responsibility, damage and / or costs (including, for example, legal expenses) arising from the use of services and the violation of this agreement by the user or the failure or violation by the user or of any other user account of any intellectual property or other rights of natural or legal persons or related to applicable law.
Limitation of liability.
Insofar maximum permitted by the applicable laws, under no circumstances zoom or its subsidiaries, suppliers or retailers will be responsible for any damage special accessories, indirect sanction or (including, inter alia, the resulting damage to loss of business information or other loss or damage sheets) arising from the use or the impossibility of using services or the payment or provision of services by the absence of technical assistance or otherwise, for illicit (including the negligence or other legal doctrine) contract also where zoom, its subsidiaries, suppliers or retailers have been informed of the possible emergence of such damage.
Anyway full responsibility cumulative zoom subsidiaries, suppliers and dealers, and the cure's exclusive user for any claim arising or related to this agreement will be limited to the amount actually paid by the user for services (if any) in twelve (12) months before the event or circumstances trigger such demands.
Because some states and courts do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability, this limitation may not apply to the user.
Convention arbitration; forgoes collective action.
If the user is resident in the united states, agreed to resolve any disputes only on an individual basis, by arbitration contained in the provisions of the accompanying document a. the parties shall waive the right to take any action specifically, legal action or proceedings as collective action, action in the public interest or other proceedings in which some works or intends to act on a representative basis.
Privacy and other policies.
Use services shall also be subject to the privacy policy zoom, whose link is available by selecting " information on privacy and legal " in footer website zoom.
The privacy policy and all policies in the page are incorporated into this agreement / legal www.zoom.us from this reference.
If use by user services requires that any information personal identification (zoom to produce " personal data '), zoom must at all times in accordance with our global on data processing zoom addendum https: / / zoom.us / docs / doc / zoom _ global _ which is embedded in these terms of Dpa.pdf service.
Also user is aware and accepts that zoom by e-mail or other means to contact him can provide information relevant to the use of services, regardless of whether the user has chosen or not to receive notices marketing communications.
Various
Choice of jurisdiction and jurisdiction.
This agreement should be adjusted and played under the laws of the state of california, usa, applied to agreements and to meet in california by the residents.
Except as provided for in the accompanying document to, the parties agree that the jurisdiction sole responsibility will be that of the national courts of santa clara county, california, and the federal courts in northern district of california.
Entity.
Where account zoom user reflects a billing address / sale in india, the contracting entity in accordance with the service will be the present subsidiary of " ZVC india pvt.
Ltd.
Renunciation and partial disability.
If either of the parties shall refrain from enforcing their rights arising from this agreement or by apply its provisions, this does not imply a waiver or a loss of these rights or ability to apply such measures.
If any of the provisions of this agreement is deemed to be unlawful by a blank or unenforceable competent court, should be adjusted to obtain an economic effect as similar as possible to that provision original, and the remaining part of this agreement will fully valid and effective.
General provisions.
This agreement is the whole basis of understanding between the parties on the subject of the same and replaces any previous agreements between the parties on the subject, except in the case where the user or the company user have contracted a written agreement or separate user has signed a form of order referring to another agreement to be associated with the use of services.
In this case, the agreement will prevail in so far as nothing in this agreement comes into conflict with the terms of that agreement.
Zoom may decide to amend or supplement the terms of this agreement from time to time at their sole discretion.
Zoom efforts to communicate the user will reasonable commercial any substantial changes to this agreement.
Within 10 working days of the publication of amendments to this agreement (or 10 working days of any notice), such changes shall be binding on the user.
If the user is at variance with the changes, you must stop the use of services.
If the user continues to operate services after that period of 10 working days, changes to the terms of this agreement deemed accepted.
To participate in certain services, the user can receive a communication which requires downloading software and / or accept further terms and conditions.
Unless explicitly stated in these terms and conditions are the same additional incorporated into this agreement here.
This agreement was drawn up in english and will also prevail in all matters this version.
All versions not english were prepared only for comfort.
Annex a
Binding arbitration
This accompanying document to the terms of service further provisions which apply to describes binding arbitration and renouncing to take collective action.
Disputes.
Is dispute any dispute between the user and zoom on services, any related services, the price of software services, the account user advertising, marketing or communications zoom, purchase transactions or billing or any term of this agreement, under any other law including contracts, guarantees, illegal, statutes or regulations relating to the application or disputes except the validity of intellectual property rights of the user or zoom to try to resolve any disputes and prior to arbitration proceedings, each party agrees to provide the notification of the dispute to the other party, with a description of the dispute, the efforts to resolve it and the demands of part to arrive at a resolution, a legal @ zoom.us.
Availability court for the settlement of claims.
User can promote legal action at the court carries out the dispute resolution minor if the user falls within the requirements of the court.
If this demand is transferred, removed or before a court, has contested different zoom reserves the right to request an arbitration.
Arbitration procedure.
Disputes unresolved according to sections a or b should be settled by arbitration.
American Arbitration association (" aaa ") lead in accordance with their rules for any arbitration arbitration.
For more information, see www.adr.org.
Hearings arbitration will take place in federal judicial district (constituency) of corporate headquarters main legal federal user.
Will be appointed a single arbitrator.
Referee must: (a) comply with all applicable laws substantial; (b) comply with the time limits applicable; (c) comply with valid claims privileges; (d) issue a written and reasoned decision.
Referee includes measures can damage and costs (including reasonable ingiuntivi dichiarativi or fees lawyers).
The arbitration award may be applied (e.g. through a judgment) in any competent court.
Aaa according to the rules, the referee decides on the jurisdiction, including any claim; however, a arbitrabilità court has the exclusive authority to enforce the ban on arbitration at class level or as a representative.
Charges arbitration.
If user is not able to cope with the costs of arbitration, these costs, without prejudice to the zoom anticipated determination of referee that these costs should be reimbursed to zoom in case of it.
For disputes of a value exceeding usd rules of 75,000 expenditure will aaa notification, and the charges and the cost of aaa and the referee.
Conflict with the rules of the aaa.
This agreement will prevail in case of a conflict with the rules on arbitration commercial aaa.
Limitation period for action of a year.
Notwithstanding any other law on a, a claim or dispute related to this agreement shall be submitted to a court that carries out the dispute resolution minor or should be subject to request for arbitration within a year or as soon as possible, otherwise that claim will be permanently cancelled.
Disability.
Forgoes if the collective action is considered or fully or entirely illicit inapplicable, a dispute, those parties shall not be subjected to arbitration, but to a court, and what remains to be solved by arbitration.
If any provision of this accompanying document is considered inapplicable, or to illicit this provision will be excluded, but the provisions shall remain valid and should be interpreted remaining in the most consistent possible with the original intention of this accompanying document, including the separate provisions.
