Service
In force since 7 october 2020
Last amendment of 7 october 2020
Important notice: for players usa and canadian, as indicated below, disputes between the user and should be settled by arbitration and zynga on an individual basis, with certain exceptions.
For details, see the article 15 (convention of arbitration and renunciation of class actions).
The mission is attach the world with games zynga.
Bring worldwide amusement and experience entertainment.
Please read these terms of service and our privacy policy before using services zynga.
These service shall lay down the terms and conditions applicable to the use of services by the user (described below).
Whenever uses the services user agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
If the user does not accept all the terms and conditions must not use our services.
Our privacy policy describes the collection, storage, use and communication and processing of personal data user in the provision of services on our part to the latter, and the rights and choices of user involving your information.
User recognises that the use of our services includes the application of our privacy policy.
If the user will not consent to the collection, storage, use and sharing their information by zynga as described in our privacy policy must not use services.
" Zynga " or " we, " " our " or " us " in these service indicate zynga inc.
And company group zynga.
Zynga inc.
699 8th street, is based in san francisco, california 94103.
In any case, ", " " we, " " zynga our " or " we " includes representatives, advisers, employees, officials and directors.
1.
Definitions
With " account ' means an account created when the user access to services.
" Rules of community ' means the code of conduct governing user interaction with our services and with other players, which can be found here.
Deadlines functions with ' means any other rule on specific services, such as platforms bees, applications for mobile devices, forum, competitions, or possibly being subscription programmes loyalty publication, the use of these applicable specific services by the user and which is part of these terms.
With " tenders " means the special programmes, including tenders, and special in homage excursions digital format not can provide regularly certain players eligible zynga.
With services ' means our games, products, services, content, and / or other domains or Zynga.com websites managed by zynga.
" Service " or " words " means the present terms of service.
With user " contained " means all the loaded data transmitted, created or generated by the user services or by them.
Above includes elements such as the profile picture user texts or video chat, the ability to play or other content made or developed by the user.
Virtual elements with " ' means (a) the virtual currency, including for example coins, money, tokens or virtual points, for use in services and (b) the elements of virtual game.
With group " business " means the controlled, controlling zynga, joint ventures and other legal persons of zynga jointly and their representatives, consultants, employees, officials and managers.
" Subsidiaries of zynga " refers to the company group in addition to the content providers, the zynga, licensees or distributors or the business group of zynga licenzianti zynga.
2.
Amendments to these terms
We reserve the right to our sole discretion, to modify, add or remove parts of terms of the rules of community or the terms of the functions at any time by the publication of changes to previous on our sites or within our services (for example by notices present in the game.
Can notify any substantial changes by sending communications, such as e-mail or further communication within the services.
Changes will be effective at the time of publication, unless we noted.
New versions of the terms of the rules of community, the terms of functions, and any other information, code or, will become to address or rule within our services. www.zynga.com
User continues to use the services following the publication of changes, the same accepts the application of the modifications to the continued use of services.
User can make changes to the terms of the rules or time limits community functions only by subscribing user and zynga modification in written form.
If lead dispute with, will apply to this version zynga of terms of the rules of community and the terms of duties in force when the receipt from the notification of effective dispute. zynga
In relation to provisions or information present in terms or in our privacy policy in contrast to other terms or disclosure, will be the present terms and zynga privacy policy to prevail.
3.
Data and security of account
In order to use our services, we could require the creation of a user account and the choice of a password and / or give some personal information which may include the name, date of birth, e-mail address and in some cases, payment information.
This information will be preserved and used in accordance with the privacy policy of zynga.
User undertakes to provide accurate, comprehensive and up-to-date information zynga in particular its e-mail address.
User is responsible for the maintenance of the safety of your account.
User is required to disagree with the details of their account with other and not allow others to use or access to your account.
Considereremo all activities carried out by the user account as carried out under the agreement.
User accepts therefore be responsible for all activities using his account, whether or not authorised by the user, including purchases by using means of payment (e.g. credit cards or paypal).
User is aware that could be held liable for the losses incurred by us or by any other user services and caused by others who use the account of the user.
User has an obligation to tell us immediately whether actual or suspected of loss, theft, fraud or unauthorised use of its account or account password.
4.
Use of services
Who can use our services. we have always keen to accept new players, but are some limitations on the use of our services by some users.
User is not permitted to use our services if:
Not meet the requirements for signing a binding contract with zynga.
Has less than 13 years of age (or under 16, if resident in european economic area (the " eea "), in which case it can not create an account, use none of our services or transmitting personal information within services or zynga (for example the name, address, telephone number or e-mail address).
This prohibition does not apply only in cases where service has a verification system which collects information relating to the age before allowing a user to age and that this system enables users to proceed declaring that have a younger than 13 years (or under 16 in the eea) to use the service.
As shown in our privacy policy in cases mentioned, we will provide a version of the service which does not respond, uses or report information personal unless allowed and insofar as permitted by legislation on data protection, including but not limited to the children's online privacy protection act (law on the protection of minors in network), or with the good parents consent).
User is not allowed to receive products, including services or software, the united states, for example if is resident in a country subject to embargo by the usa or if included in the lists of subjects reported by the treasury department of the united states.
User was previously convicted sex offenders.
User was previously excluded from any game using services or the zynga zynga unless has removed the exclusion of its zynga sole discretion.
If the user is under the age of 18 and underage based on the envisaged in the place of residence, shall declare that the person undertaking the protection on the same examined and accepted these terms.
Additional important rules and terms:
If the user wishes to use our services, shall follow the following rules of the community and all other terms of functions zynga applicable.
These rules and additional terms shall apply in addition to these terms and are important.
Please read them carefully.
If user access to services from a social networks like facebook, or perform download services to another platform, including apple, google or is must also respect the terms of service / use of third in addition to the present.
Access to our services:
Accessing games, to play with our games or to create an account with us, the user needs an account at a social networks like facebook, and, in the case of use of our mobile services, an account with the company providing the mobile applications, such as an account apple itunes.
To receive services and enjoy the games should be regularly update the software of third zynga.
Provide games and other services.
User makes available devices (computers, telephone, etc.) and provides the tablet fees for connecting to the internet and the app store and cost data or use on cell and use services to download.
Changes and restrictions to service:
Our services are constantly evolving and may be required to user acceptance of updates services and terms of the rules of community rules of functions and of privacy policy of zynga.
Regularly user may be required updating the game or software to continue to use our services.
Can make the mentioned, also as regards remote updates from software that lives in your computer or on the device zynga user, without any prior notice.
Zynga reserves the right to stop the supply and / or assistance services or on a particular game or part of the services at any time, both on a permanent basis that temporary, in which case the user's right to use the services or any part of the services will automatically or will be stopped.
Then unless the law requires otherwise, is not required to provide the user zynga repayments, or other benefits in relation to fees parts of the services or elements of virtual previously earned or purchased.
Zynga may, at its sole discretion, limiting, suspending, cease, edit or delete the account or access to services or any part thereof, prohibit access to our games and sites, the content of themselves, services and tools, or delay or remove the contents hosted.
Zynga has no obligation to compensate for any loss or user consequences suffered under the agreement.
This provision does not apply to users who reside outside the eea.
User resides within the eea, we shall endeavour in order to send a notice of at least one month to inform him of the planned any substantial changes to be made.
If the user does not accept these amendments, will have to withdraw services under the present terms.
Cancellation of your account:
User will stop at any time the use of services and may require the cancellation of your account on the basis of instructions present in our privacy policy.
Unless applicable law does not provide otherwise, we are not obliged to provide repayments, or other benefits in the case of request for cancellation of fees accounts by the user.
5.
Properties; licence limited
Games and services:
Services include all works belonging to the group of enterprises or licensed by the same and zynga which are protected by copyright, trademarks, patents and other garments grafiche, intellectual property rights in the world and other laws, rules and regulations.
All rights reserved.
These terms shall not grant the user or any other entity rights services or on any other content found in services.
User can use the services within the meaning of these words, for non-commercial purposes of entertainment, provided that it respects these terms and any other rule, including the rules of the community and the terms of functions.
User agrees not to use the services for any purpose other than and accepts that it will not be responsible to the user zynga any damage or loss arising from unauthorised use.
Where non-compliance by the user of these terms or any other term applicable intend measures against user, including the closure of its accounts.
User could also break the law or violate the intellectual property rights of zynga.
Any attempt by the user to stop or interfere with services, including but not limited to the impairment or handling of legitimate functioning of any game, are the disclosures default zynga and may also constitute a violation of zynga criminal laws or civilians.
Account and virtual elements:
Irrespective of any other claims present in words in rules of community or in terms of functions applicable to functions that user decides to use, the latter is not the owner of the account set up on our services, including games, and the account is not your property.
Similarly user is not the owner elements obtained by the use of virtual our services, apart from the fact that the user has earned them " or " purchased.
Account user and everything connected virtual are owned by zynga.
Zynga gives the user a licence limited and related elements of use of the account during the supply of virtual services by zynga.
In order to avoid the retention of data is no longer necessary and / or to improve our services, we can remove or close account does not (which are not active for example related) for 180 days.
User is not authorised to transfer elements outside services (virtual e.g.
In " real world "), for example through the sale, donation or exchange thereof.
We will not recognise the legitimacy of such transfers.
User is not allowed to grant, sell, sell or in sub-licenza try to sell elements with virtual money ' real ' exchange or elements in exchange for virtual outside any value of a game.
Such transfers or attempts to transfers are prohibited and have no effect and could constitute grounds for closure of the accounts of the user.
Content of user:
User accepts that the possible publication, transmission or loading user content services will be:
Accurate;
Non-confidential;
Not in violation of law;
Not violation of contractual restrictions or rights of third parties, and the use of content prior consent user by any other entity holder or other personal information or intellectual property held in user content;
Virus-free spyware, adware, worm, or other harmful codes;
According to the rules of the community.
The contents of the user will be covered by our privacy policy in accordance with zynga.
User alone is responsible for the security and backup the contents of the user.
Any user content from the same published or forwarded shall be considered not owner and non-confidential.
User retains ownership of all property rights on their content, but gives a licence perpetuates and irrevocable (zynga other than that referred to in our privacy policy), worldwide, free from royalties and not exclusive to use, play, distribute, prepare works derived from user content, display and show the contents of the user and any resulting from these works with regard to services, even in the area of marketing and promotions.
To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, user renunciation of any moral rights which could in any user (as content spettargli the right to be identified as author content user or a right to challenge a particular use of such material user).
Have the right to remove any content user where, in our opinion, this is not in accordance with the terms, our present rules of community or any terms of functions apply.
We are also authorized to disclose the identity of the user any third support the violation of their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy due to the content of the user.
We also authorised to communicate to other third or administrative bodies the contents of the user, where this obliged by law.
Licence zynga on the user at application contained ends to cancel the accounts submitted by our portal requests relating to personal data as described in our privacy policy, with the following exceptions:
Content user submitted in response to the promotions, which will be subject to any terms zynga functions or other terms of the promotion;
Content user shared with others who did not deleted or already used according to the public under the present terms and allowed;
Content user subject to licence, which will be subject to separate with zynga terms of such a licence.
When applying user cancellation of their content, shall take all reasonable steps to remove those contents so that they no longer released, including through the removal of states from our systems.
The contents of the user will remain long into our systems, including the backup copies.
Can also keep copies the contents of the user is to be reasonably where obliged by law to do so.
When user public or transmitting observations and comments on services, such as forums, blogs and chat, we can not guarantee that other players will not make use of the ideas and information shared by the user.
Invite user not to publish the ideas or information which wishes to remain confidential and / or not to be used by others.
Zynga does not meet the use of ownership or third-party content or information published or forwarded by the user in forums, blogs or chat rooms.
6.
Monitoring of the use of services and content user
We have no obligation to monitor services to detect contained user or the conduct of improper or unlawful other players and did not take any responsibility for these pipelines.
We also responsible for the information, materials, products or services provided by other players (for example in their profiles) and the content of the user are not approved on our part.
Using our services, the user is aware that will be exposed to pipelines that could be considered offensive or otherwise censurabili.
We do not approve any content user services and does not guarantee published the truth or accuracy.
But invite users to the violation of these terms or the segnalarci misuse of services by any person using the link " reports " provided in service or abuse by contacting the. (customer service
For violations of the rules concerning & user to, we call on empires Puzzles through contact us https: / / support.smallgiantgames.com /).
For requests for information / questions concerning the user to combat puzzle we contact us at the following address https: / / / / /). to smallgiantgames.helpshift.com puzzle-combat
Although not mandatory monitoring services, we are entitled to our sole discretion, to monitor, record or store interactions user services or communications between the latter and zynga or with other players during the use of services by the user (including for example communications user via message game or video chat).
For more information see our privacy policy.
Discretion we can also choose to amend or reject the publication remove content user or other materials which we consider according to our sole discretion censurabili.
Consider content user violate the terms, the terms of the present duties or the rules of community, we are entitled to our sole discretion and without communication in this respect, to disable the possibility of publishing content of the user and communicate with other players or completely block access to services by the user.
7.
Interaction with other players
User is responsible for their interaction with the other players.
Where user occur a problem with the other players, we are not required to intervene even if we can do it at our discretion.
Where occurrence a dispute with another player user exempts, the company group and zynga zynga all subsidiaries of responsibility, claims, and questions by zynga / or damage (direct or indirect) of any type and nature, whether or not known arising from such dispute or this related.
Above includes the damage, loss of goodwill, loss of earnings or use data.
This provision does not apply to users who reside outside the eea.
User is within the eea the responsibilities of the latter against shall be that provided by the law applicable of zynga country of residence.
Under services can offer the user a possibility to play with his friends or by other opponents combined.
Ensuring user that there are always available at the right level of skill opponents, some opponents may be combined players generated automatically seem and play like real people.
Users residing in california renounce provision under civil code of california in article, which reads: " exemption 1542 generic does not extend to the demands of which the creditor is not aware of or not suspected to be in favour of it at the time of exemption, which had been known by that seem to have been where substantially on the transaction with the debtor.
Can to allow the user to use the services to send sms or mms to friends, family or other contacts.
It requires user sending messages. the
User is responsible for sole messages and is aware that may apply tariffs on text messages and data standards according to the plan with the tariff user mobile phone provider.
User is aware also that does not control recipients, the contents zynga or the timing of the mentioned text messages.
Where user chooses to send text messages by services, declares and ensure that the recipients of text messages have adequately agreed to meet them.
8.
Payment deadlines
Pay service in the form of access to a virtual and our games, elements of other services.
User may use in services in order to acquire money ' real ' a licence limited and the right to use the virtual elements and / or other goods or services.
How it works:
User acquires a licence limited and the right to use the elements virtual page purchases in visiting one of our games or services and providing the authorization to through the platform is playing in which billing (e.g.
Facebook, apple, google).
When user enters into a purchase on, or other sites, Zyngagames.com zyngapoker.com property zynga, gotslotscasino.zynga.com page of payment will let the user as a method of payment used when purchasing.
The price of the product will be shown in page orders when the user makes his command.
Once purchasing by the user, we can send a confirmation e-mail with data elements he ordered.
Please user as soon as possible to verify the correctness of the data reported in acknowledgement and retain a copy thereof.
Zynga keep archives operations to deal with any future applications with Zyngagames.com subject such operations.
Where purchase of elements of our games on other platforms such as virtual facebook, apple or google is not part of the operations and the zynga purchase user will be governed by the terms and conditions of the platform of third parties.
For more information, please consult the terms and conditions of service of the platform.
User may also contact our team assistance as follows for billing requests involving repayments or purchases through facebook and google.
Elements virtual, for the order of the user will be an offer in order to get a license limited and the right to use the (i) (i) service (s) or component (s) (s) to be virtual we accepted at the time of acceptance of payment.
From now on will start the licence limited.
For orders aimed at acquiring a licence limited and the right to use the elements virtual by clicking on the button on the window or purchase / order on page the user:
Who agrees to receive items virtual as soon as his command; and we
If resident within the european union (" eu ') recognises do not have more right to withdrawal under the eu directive on consumer rights (such as implemented by the law of the country of residence of the user) once the provision of virtual item.
User acknowledges that while we can gain, " " " " or " buy, buy " elements " owns " virtual not legally elements and the amount of virtual any virtual does not relate to surpluses of real currency or its equivalent.
Any balance of " virtual " currency does not constitute a real balance resulting on account of no value, but it is neither reflects pre-paid flow-measuring rather a licence limited user.
All sales are final: user acknowledges that has no obligation to provide zynga refunds for no reason and that you will not receive money or other compensation on the elements not used at the end of the virtual account is that this is a voluntary or involuntary or closure has been paid by the user via or through other platform which apple, Zyngagames.com google, facebook or any other site or platform where we offer our services.
Purchases for the acquisition of a licence limited and the right to use virtual elements shall not be refunded to the extent the maximum permitted by law.
Additional payment deadlines:
User agrees to pay all the costs and taxes applicable incurred by it or by anyone using a registered account on its behalf.
Zynga will review at any time the prices of products and services licensed the user through the service.
Also subscriptions are subject to our terms additional subscription.
Billing assistance in:
Assistance in billing, the user can contact us through assistance call our team assistance to invoicing Clientio number (north america) or 1-800-762-2530 our country code + (all other countries). 80011551398
Telephone specifies that assistance for issues relating to the issues and billing is available only in english.
Phone numbers mentioned only relate to issues and issues related to invoicing.
The telephone operator which meets the above numbers dedicated assistance will not be able to provide assistance billing for technical problems, game or requests for information on purchases within the games.
Assistance customers not related to the user must contact us via the billing customer care.
9.
Promotion and offers
Regularly promotions time-limited. we can offer
See rules official or the terms of the functions (if available) associated with the promotion.
Mentioned terms will apply in addition to the present.
Periodically can also offer offers.
We are not obliged to give, or the user is obliged to accept any tenders.
Tenders shall not be transferable, repayable or with high valuables, if exchangeable not at our sole discretion.
Where acceptance of an offer, the user must sign a declaration of suitability and exemption of responsibility or to sign any other practice to obtain the offer.
Some tenders will be subject to taxes or other charges, travel or activities outside the virtual world, which will be made known before the acceptance of the offer by the user.
Where acceptance of a tender, the user takes all responsibilities related to the offer.
10.
Advertising
Our services may be published by the our or other companies.
Our privacy policy indicates what information we share with advertisers.
Please read it carefully.
Sometimes we can offer on our games or services links to internet sites of other companies or to companies that send invitations to third users to participate in a tender offer for promotion and some features of the services or upgrades (as the currency of game).
All charges or obligations user under agreements with these other companies are the responsibility of the user.
We responsible for the internet sites of third link in our services and provide the having them entered does not mean that we agree or disagree with the site related to link or any information obtained under the agreement.
We are not responsible for any claims relating to any content, and / or product service third parties.
Clarifies also websites are not linked to the third link under our control and could collect data or require the user to their personal data or other information or could collect user information automatically.
When used by the user of these websites and services, the company will third third (or less) require permission from the user to access information and its content.
We responsible for content, business practices of information privacy or the collection, use or information sharing user mentioned other companies acquired by third parties.
11.
Notices / complaints copyright
Respect the intellectual property rights of third parties and we ask our users to do the same thing.
Deal with reports of alleged violation of copyright in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (dmca), the " american " e-commerce directive and legislation associated with within the european union and the other local requirements similar or equivalent that may be applicable.
For more information visit the page on the copyright to consult our guidelines on zynga reports.
We reserve the right to block access to services of any player if we consider it a repeater. " " contravventore
We have no obligation to provide the player our intention to act on the basis of the above.
12.
Feedback and ideas not required
Can require the user feedback about certain capabilities through a promotion or our program of understanding of the consumer.
User is not obliged to respond to our request.
Any feedback provided by the user at our request by promotion or programme is subject to the specific rules in the promotion or of the programme.
All ideas, information or voluntarily are subject to the user feedback sent our ideas disclosure of unsolicited.
13.
The availability of services; guarantee exclusion
Zynga zynga, the group and the subsidiaries of zynga corporate business services shall not carry out promises or guarantees or the contents at the same will always be available, or relentless free from error.
We suspend, withdraw or limit the availability of any part of our services for business or operational reasons.
Using services at risk exclusive user.
These services are supplied " as they are. "
To the extent permitted by the law applicable, the group of enterprises and the zynga zynga, conditions or subsidiaries do not provide guarantees zynga other words of every kind, explicit or implicit, as regards services.
Zynga zynga and subsidiaries, the group company do not recognise any guarantee of security or zynga implicit guarantees, conditions or other terms of not breach, peaceful enjoyment suitability for merchantability a specific purpose.
Where the state or the country of residence of user does not allow such exclusions responsibility, they will not apply to the user.
If the state or the country of residence of user requires a certain period of application of a guarantee, correspond to the shorter between 30 days after first use of services by the user or the shortest period laid down by law.
14.
Exclusions liability limitations;
User acknowledges that the company group and the zynga zynga subsidiaries of shall not be liable zynga
(1) of all indirect damage, incidental, special specimens, including the foregone income or indirect, the loss of goodwill or data in any way the use or the failure to use services; or
Conduct third (2), including other users of services and operators of sites.
Risk linked to the use of external services and sites, as well as the user falls exclusively on the risk of damage caused by the services and the external sites.
Insofar maximum permitted any applicable law, exclusions responsibilities under these terms apply to all the damage or loss caused by the services or in relation to the use of themselves, or the inability to use services under any legal action in any order, including, but not limited to, the actions for breach of the guarantee, a breach of contract or negligence). (including Extra-contrattuale
Insofar maximum allowed by the applicable laws, overall responsibility for zynga and / or subsidiaries of zynga is limited to the total amount paid for zynga and / or the business group zynga and / or subsidiary of zynga (180) in 180 days immediately preceding the date of first submission of the lawsuit.
If user has not paid any sum for of company group, or zynga zynga any subsidiary of zynga in 180 days (180) immediately prior to the date of first submission of legal proceedings, the one and only means of protection for any dispute with and / or with the company group zynga zynga and / or, any subsidiary of the interruption of the use of services is zynga and the cancellation of your account.
Some member states or countries do not accept the exclusion of certain guarantees or restrictions / exclusions responsibilities as those described above, with the result that those restrictions may not be relevant / exclusions users who reside in one of these states or countries.
Such restrictions / exclusions apply in full to users residents in new jersey.
Such restrictions / exclusions shall not apply to users resident in the eea.
For these users, in the case of non-compliance with the present terms by, the commission will be responsible for zynga loss or damage suffered by the user who is the result of predictable non-respect of by present terms or is the result of zynga negligence on the part of zynga, even if the latter is not responsible for the loss or damage could not be foreseen.
Loss or damage are expected where they are a consequence of our obvious failure or if they had been covered by the user and from the time of conclusion of these terms zynga.
15.
Convention arbitration and renunciation of class actions
This section shall apply only to the players in the united states and canada.
If the user has encountered a problem with the services, many questions can be resolved on one of our forum of players.
Before take legal action, the user must first contact our team customer care at https: / / www.zynga.com / support.
Where we can not resolve the dispute between the user and through the customer care, user zynga and will agree to resume its arbitration as zynga below.
Acceptance of the arbitration by the user and zynga
Accepting voluntarily these terms (and in many of our services voluntarily or use a button is available indicate the acceptance of these terms) game, the user, and any member of the group works council zynga family are all agreed, in corporate zynga maximum permitted by the law in refer to arbitration final and binding disputes concerning or related to terms, arising under the terms of functions, the rules of community, to our cooperation with the user or services including, for example, zynga, the use of services by the user and of the information provided by the transponder via services.
This provision applies to all claims arising in any capacity, unless the claim does not fall within the scope of exemptions to the arbitration convention following identified.
This convention arbitration will also apply after the discontinuing the use of your account or its cancellation by the zynga (user.
In this article 15 and 17, the user, and any member of the group business zynga can be indicated individually as " a zynga party " or as " the parties '). with
Procedure takes place before a neutral arbitrator arbitration instead of a judge or a jury.
Therefore accepting these terms, the user, voluntarily and any member of the group zynga business to waive their right to accept all zynga institute legal proceedings before a court or a jury.
The arbitration shall be subject to different rules than the legal action carried out in court.
Are less formal than the legal actions in court and offer limited opportunities to oblige the other party to share information relevant to the dispute, a process that takes its name of discovery.
The referee has the power to recognise the same damage and remedies individually approved by a court against a natural person, subject to the limits of the present.
If one party does not agree with the decision of the arbitrator, the courts will have only a limited power to change the result of arbitration or require the referee a review of its decision.
A party disagrees on or on the applicability of this dispute to azionabilità article 15 (or any part of article 15, including for example the provisions relating to arbitration, the cop-out and following the annulment of class actions inclusion) all parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction to decide on these issues will be for the court.
Court decides that if any provision in securities ' prohibition of class actions " or " claims related " is not applicable or valid, the whole article 15 (convention of arbitration and renunciation of class actions) will not be valid and effective (will be expunged).
Remaining terms, the terms of the functions and the rules of the community shall continue to apply.
Furthermore, where the user, or a member of the group business zynga zynga legal action in a court that intent should be subject to arbitration or where one of the parties refuses to refer to a case subject to arbitration, the other party arbitration go to court for may direct the parties referred to arbitration the decision on the case (i.e. to arbitration).
User zynga, or the member of the group company may also request a zynga court to stop a judicial proceeding (i.e. suspend the legal proceedings) while still an arbitration procedure.
The arbitration procedure
American Arbitration association (aaa), the american arbitration procedure will regulate between the user and any arbitration or the member of the group works council zynga, and will apply the rules and zynga procedures of aaa in force at the time, including the rules of arbitration for consumers.
The rules and procedures of aaa are available on the website www.adr.org.
If differences between the present terms and the rules and procedures of aaa, parties are to follow these terms.
To start an arbitration procedure, use the form this on the internet site of aaa). (www.adr.org
If user lies outside the united states, the arbitration can take place in the county of residence at the time of submission of the application of arbitration.
User live in the us arbitration will be launched in the state of california, united states of america.
User zynga and accept also recover jurisdiction of the federal state staff of the county of san francisco, california to suspend proceedings pending the arbitration or to confirm, amend or withdraw require the implementation of the measure approved by the referee.
Zynga accepts that to start any claim against the user with the arbitration aaa, must enter the following information zynga in addition to the requirements of the aaa: (1) the identification information related to any account that can identify, past or (zynga present), including the id of the facebook and the zynga id e-mail addresses and (2) a specific explanation of how it is considered damaged by the behaviour of zynga user and the facts in support of the claim money.
User accepts that to start any claim against arbitration with the user must zynga aaa enter the following information in addition to the requirements of the aaa: (1) the identification information related to any account that can identify, past or (zynga present), including the id of the facebook and the zynga id e-mail addresses and (2) a specific explanation of how the user is considered to be affected by the conduct of and the facts in support of zynga claim for compensation money.
User zynga and agree to appear (personally or remotely by telephone, video conference or other electronic communications live) at hearings unless the user and zynga agree otherwise.
Pay all the costs and expenses for tabling & of arbitration acts will be governed by regulation of aaa for consumers unless arbitration user demonstrates that such costs are too onerous compared to proceedings in court, will pay the amount of such costs and zynga expenditure considered necessary to prevent by referee arbitration is even more onerous proceedings in court (notwithstanding reimbursement below).
Where referee decides that all the demands in the arbitration be without basis under the provision of specific rule of procedures (11 federal civil code of civil procedure), federal user agrees to repay to all expenditure and the costs incurred zynga by the latter and that the user would have paid under the rules of the aaa.
Where the aaa is unable to appoint an arbitrator to a user or claim brought, any party may request the zynga appointment of an arbitrator to court federal or state in san francisco, california.
Referee appointed by the court will arbitration according to the rules and procedures of aaa (also with regard to the costs and expenses), unless these terms include differently.
Claims related
The parties agree that, where many claims should be submitted at the aaa derive from it or substantially the same transactions or events (" claims related " occurrences), these claims relating to the arbitration (either brought against or user zynga) will be treated individually by and for the order of presentation. aaa
The parties agree that the aaa can not accept claims related to the arbitration or debit any storage costs for a claim related, until is accepted for the arbitration / the claim and related / and / / and previously and submitted is appointed an arbitrator to the claim and the related / and / /. in case of submission of multiple claims related context the parties agree that these are treated individually and with an order, and that the latter decided by aaa will not accept this claim related to arbitration or any storage costs for the claim related until is appointed an arbitrator to the claim and the related / and / / / and order considered before.
In order to ensure impartiality and independence of referee required under the regulation of aaa, the parties agree that in deciding on the claim can not be appointed the referee involved in any related claim.
Exceptions to the arbitration agreement
Parties agree to leave the decision of disputes to the court
Intellectual property user, or a member of the group business zynga zynga (e.g. trademarks, distinguishing marks, domain names, trade secrets, copyright and patent); or
For any violation of the rules of the community;
Where the only remedy available is a measure; or ingiuntivo
Within the jurisdiction on small claims.
Parties are not to require in the arbitration, granting of injunctions which will be required in court.
In event of a dispute part in which this requires the acquisition of measures and other measures, the order will require that injunction in court and proceed with the arbitration to request the other measures.
Please see attached for further reference. screenshots
For more information on courts to which the parties may refer to the resolution of these types of disputes, see article 17 (forum for disputes not subject to arbitration).
Prohibition of class actions
Accepting voluntarily these terms (and in many of our services is available or use a button game acceptance of these terms indicate), the user, and the company group accept that zynga zynga parties can make a case against each other only individually.
This means:
Parties are that neither the user nor or any other member of the group works council zynga can take legal action as zynga acting or state class for collective action, action related or action group.
The parties agree that the referee not may mix of legal action by a natural person in one case and not have the power to chair proceedings related category or arbitration group (unless the parties agree to amend the abovementioned exclusions).
Parties accept that the decision or arbitration award in case of a natural person may cover only the person who brought the legal action, not other players, and can not be used for zynga decide on other disputes with other players.
Renouncing convention arbitration and renunciation of class actions
User has the right to give up the arbitration and not be bound to the same and to abandon the provisions referred to in this article on class actions 15 a written communication in respect of the inviandoci its decision by the customer care or by post as indicated in communications.
Communication must be sent within thirty (30) days from the first use of the services or availability of, according to which of the two waiver dates next, otherwise the user will be bound to refer disputes to arbitration as indicated in article 15.
If abandonment of provisions arbitration is conditional upon the themselves. even zynga
Changes article 15 on the convention arbitration and renunciation of class actions
Provide user advance by e-mail or by 60 days services in the event of amendments to this article 15 with reference to our convention arbitration or renunciation of class actions.
Where this article on " amendments to article 15 on the arbitration convention and renunciation of class action " is not applicable or valid, the provision will be mentioned in article 15 and the court removed or referee they will apply article convention arbitration and renunciation of class actions into force following the use of services by the user.
Survival
This article 15 will continue to have effect after the termination of these terms.
16.
Applicable law
If user live in the us, accepts that these terms affect interstate commerce and the federal Arbitration act (federal law on arbitration) (including the procedural provisions thereof) governing the interpretation and the applicability of article 15 (convention of arbitration and renunciation of class actions).
In addition to the above, these terms and our cooperation with the user will be governed by the law, to the exclusion of the rules of california private international law.
If user lies outside the united states, these terms and our cooperation with the user will be governed by the laws in ireland, to the exclusion of the rules of private international law.
17.
Forum for legal disputes not subject to arbitration
If user live in the us, the proceedings (other than small claims) that are excluded from the convention of arbitration referred to in article 15 should be brought before the courts or federal state of san francisco, california, unless both parties fail to agree a hole alternative.
User zynga, and the company group accept the jurisdiction and zynga forum staff of san francisco, california.
User anywhere is different from the united states, the proceedings will be brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in the state of main residence (" "), unless the jurisdiction applicable parties fail to agree a hole alternative.
User zynga, and the company group accept the forum and jurisdiction zynga staff of jurisdiction applicable.
18.
Independence of terms
Each paragraph of these terms work themselves.
Subject referred to in article 15 in title " ban " class actions, if any part of these words, terms of functions, rules of community did not apply, the remaining parts of terms terms of functions, rules of community will continue to be valid and binding, and any terms not applicable will be replaced with terms approaching as possible from economically after unlawful or not applicable.
19.
Transfer
Have the power to give our rights or our obligations under the present terms, terms of functions, community rules any person or legal person at any time, with or without the consent of the user.
User can not to surrender their rights or obligations under the present terms, terms of functions, community rules, no person without written consent of any attempt to do this without and zynga our agreement will be void.
20.
Contract indivisible
These terms and any other information or standard to which we refer in these terms constitute the entire agreement between user and we on the subject of these terms and will replace all the previous agreements between the parties relating to the subject of these terms and that such arrangements have been agreed in electronic form, oral or written or established by custom, practices, political or previous between the user and us.
This provision does not apply to users who reside outside the eea.
21.lingua deadlines
If we provide a translated version of these words, terms of functions, rules of community or the privacy policy of zynga, or any other term or information, translated version will only have information.
If translated version should take a different meaning than the english version, it will be the last to have faith.
This provision does not apply to users who reside outside the eea.
22.
Exclusion of waiver
In absence of exercise of our rights under the present terms, terms of functions, rules of community that does not imply a waiver to the following year of our rights.
Waiver expressed in the case of a provision in these terms, terms of functions, rules of community that does not mean that any such waiver will apply for an indefinite period in the future.
If renouncing our to assert the default or breach of user, this should be done in writing only surrender, and will not surrender to subsequent automatic user defaults or violations.
23.
Communications
In the event of communications from us under the terms of functions or of the rules of community terms, we can send the user publishing a notice on the game ((s) or www.zynga.com games) enjoyed by the user, sending zynga e-mail or using other methods of communication with the user data delivery supplied to us by the council.
User needs to send us a communication within the meaning of these words, terms of functions, rules of community, should send the communication in writing and to zynga inc., indirizzarla
699 attn: legal department, 8th street, san francisco, ca, unless specific mode of communication 94103 we indicate.
24.
Force majeure
We responsible for changes or problems beyond our control, for example changes or problems caused by natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, acts of civilian or military authorities embargoes, fires, floods, accidents, failures network infrastructure, strikes and shortcomings of means of transport, fuel, power, workforce or materials.
Which does not apply to users residents within the eea.
