Terms of Use
Facebook Ireland Limited has changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
We've updated our Terms of Service, Data Policy and Cookie Policy to reflect the new name as of January 4, 2022.
Under the new company name, we continue to offer the same products, including Instagram from Meta.
Our Data Policy and Terms of Service will continue to apply, and the name change will not affect how we use or transfer data.
Learn more about Meta and our vision for the Metaverse.
Terms of Use
Welcome to Instagram!
These Terms of Service (the "Terms of Service") govern your use of Instagram, unless we specifically state that separate Terms of Service (rather than these) apply.
They also provide information about the Instagram service (the "Service"), as explained below.
If you create an Instagram account or use Instagram, you agree to these Terms of Service.
The Meta Terms of Service do not apply to this service.
Click here for a contract summary.
Here you can find more information that we are required to provide under the European Electronic Communications Code.
If you are a business based in the European Union and use Instagram Shopping to sell goods to consumers in the EU, you can read more about your relationship with us in the Platform To Business notice.
This notice supplements our Terms of Use.
The Instagram Service is one of the Meta Products provided to you by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
Therefore, these Terms of Use constitute an agreement between you and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
imprint
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
Commercial register number: 462932
How to reach us by email:
Network Enforcement Act ("NetzDG")
For more information on NetzDG and how to report content that you believe is unlawful under NetzDG, visit our NetzDG Help Center page.
Law enforcement officials can submit requests for information under the NetzDG via the online law enforcement agency request system.
The authorized recipient for administrative proceedings and civil court proceedings in accordance with § 5 (1) NetzDG is: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Berlin), Potsdamer Platz 1, 10785 Berlin.
Copyright Service Provider Act (“UrhDaG”)
The authorized recipient according to § 20 UrhDaG for service in court proceedings is: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Düsseldorf), Feldmühleplatz 1, 40545 Düsseldorf.
Note for the state media authorities
Official notifications according to MStV for Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
can be sent to: Facebook Germany GmbH, c/o Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Hohe Bleichen 7, 20354 Hamburg.
Content ranking
Here we have provided information on content ranking.
The Instagram service
We are committed to providing you with the Instagram service.
The Service includes all Instagram products, features, apps, services, technology and software that we provide to further Instagram's mission: to connect you with the people and things you love.
The service consists of the following aspects:
Offering personalized ways to create content, connect, communicate, discover and share.
people are different.
We want to strengthen your relationships through shared experiences that are really important to you.
That's why we develop systems designed to determine who and what is important to you and others.
We then use this information to help you create, find and share content and engage in experiences that matter to you.
This includes highlighting content, features, offers and accounts that may be of interest to you and offering you ways to use Instagram based on the activities you and others do on and off Instagram.
Promoting a positive, inclusive and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and provide resources to members of our community to help ensure their experiences are positive and inclusive, including: then when we think they might need assistance.
We also have teams and systems in place to combat abuse and violations of our Terms of Service and Policies, as well as harmful and fraudulent behavior.
We use the information we have—including your information—to keep our Platform secure.
In addition, we may share information about abuse or harmful content with other meta-companies or with law enforcement agencies.
Learn more in the data policy.
Developing and using technologies that help us consistently serve our growing community.
Organizing and analyzing information for our growing community is a core aspect of our service.
A big part of our Service is building and using cutting-edge technologies that help us personalize, protect, and improve our Service at tremendous scale for a very large global community.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning enable us to apply complex processes to our service.
Automated techniques also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our service.
Delivering consistent and seamless experiences across other meta-company products.
Instagram is a meta company.
They share technology, systems, insights and information with each other - including the information we have about you (more on this in the data policy) - to provide better, safer and more secure services.
In addition, we offer you opportunities to interact with all the meta products you use.
We also designed systems to achieve a seamless and consistent experience across all meta products.
Ensuring access to our service.
In order for us to operate our global service, we need to store and transmit data in our systems around the world, including to countries outside of the country in which you reside.
Leveraging this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to the delivery of our service.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Meta Platforms, Inc., Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or their affiliates.
We connect you to brands, products and services in ways relevant to you.
We use data from Instagram and other meta-company products, as well as third-party partners, to show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we think will be relevant to you.
We also try to make such content as relevant as all your other experiences on Instagram.
research and innovation.
We use the information we have to develop, test, and improve our Service and to collaborate with others on research to make our Service even better and contribute to the well-being of our community.
This includes analyzing the data we hold about our users and understanding how people use our Services, for example by conducting surveys and testing and debugging new features.
This is how our ministry is funded
Instead of paying to use Instagram, by using the Service to which these Terms of Service apply, you acknowledge that we may show you advertisements that companies and organizations pay us to promote, both inside and outside the Meta-Company Products .
We use your personal data, such as B. Information about your activities and interests in order to show you advertisements that are more relevant to you.
We show you relevant and helpful ads without advertisers knowing who you are.
We do not sell your personal data.
We give advertisers the opportunity to tell us, for example, what their business objective is and what type of audience they want their ads to see.
We then show their ad to people who might be interested.
We also provide advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads so they can gain insights into how people are interacting with their content on and off Instagram.
For example, we provide advertisers with general demographic and interest information to help them better understand their audience.
We do not share any information that directly identifies you (information such as your name or email address that, by itself, can be used to contact you or directly identify you) unless you give us your express consent to do so.
Learn more about how Instagram ads work here.
You may see branded content on Instagram posted by account owners who promote products or services through a relationship with the business partner mentioned in their content.
More information can be found here.
The Data Policy
The provision of our service requires that we collect and use your information.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use and share information across all Meta Products.
It also describes the many ways you can control your information, including: in Instagram privacy and security settings.
your obligations
In return for our obligation to provide the Service, we require you to make the following commitments to us.
Who can use Instagram.
We want our service to be as open and inclusive as possible, while still being safe, secure and compliant.
For this reason, being part of the Instagram community requires you to commit to a few restrictions.
You must be at least 13 years old.
You must not be barred from receiving any aspect of our Service under any applicable law.
In addition, you may not be prohibited from engaging in payment-related services if you appear on a valid rejected party list.
We must not have previously disabled your account for violating our policies.
You must not be a convicted sex offender.
You are not allowed to use Instagram like this.
We all need to do our part to provide a secure and open service to a broad community.
You may not impersonate anyone else or provide inaccurate or false information.
While you are not required to disclose your identity on Instagram, you are required to provide us with accurate and current information (including registration information).
This may also include that you provide us with personal data.
In addition, you may not impersonate anyone or anything that you are not, and you may not create an account for anyone else without their express consent.
You must not do anything unlawful, misleading or fraudulent or for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You may not violate (or assist or encourage others to violate) these Terms of Service or our policies, including but not limited to the Instagram Community Guidelines, Meta-Platform Terms of Service, and Developer Policies and Music Policies.
If you post branded content, you must comply with our branded content guidelines, which require you to use our branded content tool.
Learn how to report behavior or content in our Help Center.
You may not do anything that disrupts or interferes with the intended operation of the Service.
This includes i.a. Abusing any mechanism for reporting, disputes or appeals, such as submitting knowingly false or unsubstantiated reports or appeals.
You must not attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in any unauthorized manner.
This includes i.a. creating accounts or collecting information in an automated manner without our express consent.
You may not sell, license, or buy any accounts or data obtained from us or our Service.
This includes i.a. Attempt to buy, sell, or transfer any portion of your account (including your username), solicit, collect, or use other users' login credentials or badges, or solicit or collect Instagram usernames, passwords, or access keys unlawfully to use.
You may not post another person's private or confidential information or do anything that infringes another person's rights, including intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit or pirated goods) without permission.
You may use another person's work subject to the exceptions or limitations to copyright and related rights under applicable law, if applicable.
You represent that you own or have obtained all necessary rights to the content you post or share.
More information, e.g. You can find how to report content that you think violates your intellectual property rights here.
You may not modify, translate, create derivative works from, or reverse engineer our Products or any of its components.
You may not use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.
You grant us these permissions.
As part of our agreement, you also grant us permissions that we need to provide the service.
We don't claim ownership of your content, you grant us a license to use it.
Nothing changes in relation to your rights to your content.
We do not claim ownership of any Content you post on or through the Service.
So you can share your content with anyone you want, wherever you want.
However, in order to provide the Service, we require certain legal permissions (a "license") from you.
If you share, post, or upload any content protected by intellectual property rights (such as photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use your content ( according to your privacy and app settings) to host, use, distribute, modify, perform, copy, publicly perform or display, translate and create derivative works from, to enable us to provide the Instagram Service .
This license ends when your content is deleted from our systems.
You can delete content individually or all at once (by deleting your account).
To learn more about how we use information and how you can control or delete your content, please read the Data Policy and visit the Instagram Help Center.
Using your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships with and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content.
Your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (like likes) or relationships (like subscriptions) may appear alongside or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow and interact with , which are displayed on meta products, are used without any compensation to you.
For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that paid us to display their ads on Instagram.
As with actions related to other content and subscribers to other accounts, actions related to sponsored content and subscribers to sponsored accounts can only be seen by those who have permission to view the relevant content or subscribers.
We also take your ad settings into account.
Learn more about your ad settings here.
You agree that we may download and install updates to the Service on your device.
Additional Rights We Reserve
If you choose a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we deem it appropriate or necessary (for example, if the username or identifier infringes someone's intellectual property or identifies as a/ n other user).
If you use content that is protected by intellectual property rights owned by us and that we make available on our service (e.g. images, designs, videos or sounds provided by us, which you can relate to content that you create or share add), we retain all rights to our content (but not to your content).
You may not use our intellectual property and trademarks or similar marks unless expressly permitted by our Trademark Guidelines or with our prior written consent.
You must obtain our written consent or permission under an open source license to modify, create derivative works from, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract any of our source code.
Removal of content and deactivation or suspension of your account
We may remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe it violates these Terms of Service or our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), or if we are required to do so by law.
To protect our community or Services, we may immediately refuse or discontinue providing all or any portion of the Service to you (including suspending or disabling your access to the Meta Products and Meta Company Products).
This also applies if you pose a risk or legal risk to us, if you violate these Terms of Service or our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others, or if we are legally obliged to do so.
We may also terminate or modify the Service, remove or block any content or information shared on our Service, or stop providing all or part of the Service if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid adverse legal or regulatory effects on us avoid or mitigate.
In some cases, when we remove content, we will notify you and provide you with an opportunity to request another review, unless you have materially or repeatedly breached these Terms of Service, or unless our notification could result in a breach for us or others give rise to legal liability, harm our community of users, impair or disrupt the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or products, or are prevented from doing so by technical limitations or are prohibited by law.
If you think your account has been canceled in error, or you want to deactivate or permanently delete your account, you can find help in our Help Center.
If you request the deletion of content or your account, the deletion process will start automatically no later than 30 days after your request.
Deleting content can take up to 90 days after the deletion process has started.
During the deletion process, the relevant content is no longer visible to other users, but is still subject to these Terms of Service and our Data Policy.
After content is deleted, it may take us up to an additional 90 days to remove it from backup and disaster recovery systems.
Our right to termination for good cause remains unaffected.
An important reason exists in particular if one party violates the obligations, laws, rights of third parties or data protection guidelines resulting from these terms of use, and the terminating party, taking into account all the circumstances of the individual case and after weighing the interests of both parties, the continuation of the contractual relationship until the agreed termination date or cannot be reasonably expected until the end of a period of notice.
Termination for good cause is only possible within a reasonable time after becoming aware of the violation.
If the important reason is a breach of an obligation in these Terms of Use, the termination is only permissible after the unsuccessful expiry of a granted remedy period or after an unsuccessful warning.
However, a period for remedy is not required if the other party seriously and finally refuses to fulfill its obligations or if, after weighing the interests of both parties, special circumstances justify immediate termination.
If you think your account has been canceled in error, or you want to deactivate or permanently delete your account, you can find help in our Help Center.
In the following cases, content will not be deleted within 90 days after the start of the account or content deletion process:
if your Content has already been used by others in accordance with this License and they have not deleted it (in which case this License will apply until the Content is deleted); or
if deletion is not possible within 90 days due to technical limitations of our systems (in which case we will complete the deletion as soon as technically feasible); or
if erasure would restrict us from doing the following:
Investigate or detect illegal activity or violations of our Terms of Service and policies (e.g., to detect or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
ensuring the protection and security of our products, systems and users;
Fulfillment of a legal obligation, e.g. B. Preservation of Evidence; or
complying with a request from a court or administrative, law enforcement or other authority;
in such a case, the content will only be stored for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was originally stored (the exact duration depends on the individual case).
Although these Terms of Service will terminate as an agreement between you and us if you delete your account or we disable it, this section and the following section, “Our Agreement and What Happens If There’s a Disagreement,” will survive any termination, deactivation, or deletion of your account.
Our agreement and what happens if we disagree
Our agreement.
Your use of music on the Service is also governed by our Music Policies, and your use of our API is governed by our Meta Platform Terms of Service and Developer Policies.
If you use certain other features or related services, you will be given the opportunity to agree to additional terms of use, which will also become part of our Agreement.
For example, if you use payment features, you will be prompted to agree to the Community Payments Terms.
If such terms of use conflict with this Agreement, these other terms of use shall take precedence.
If any aspect of this Agreement is held unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in effect.
Any modification or waiver of our Agreement must be in writing and signed by us.
Our failure to enforce any aspect of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of rights.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Who has rights under this Agreement.
This agreement does not grant any rights to any third party.
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations may be assigned to others.
This could e.g. This could happen, for example, when our ownership changes (such as in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets), or as a result of the law.
Who is responsible when something happens.
We are only liable to the following extent: We have unlimited liability under the statutory provisions; for damage resulting from injury to life, limb or health; in case of intent; in the event of gross negligence; and according to the Product Liability Act.
Without limiting any of the foregoing, we shall only be liable for slight negligence in the event of a breach of any “material” obligation under this Agreement. "
"Essential" obligations in this sense are obligations that are necessary for the performance of the agreement, breach of which would jeopardize the purpose of the agreement and which you can trust to be fulfilled.
In these cases, liability is limited to typical and foreseeable damage; in other cases there is no liability for slight negligence.
Dispute Handling.
If a claim or dispute arises out of or in connection with your use of the Service as a consumer, we agree that you shall settle your applicable claim or dispute that you have against us and we shall resolve our claim or dispute that we have against you any court in your country of primary residence that has jurisdiction over the claim or dispute and that the laws of that country will apply without regard to conflict of laws principles.
If a claim or dispute arises between us relating to use of the Service in any other capacity, including but not limited to accessing or using the Service for any business or commercial purpose, you agree that any such claim or dispute shall be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland and Irish law shall apply without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
Unsolicited Submissions.
We always welcome feedback or other suggestions, which we may use without any restrictions or obligation to compensate you.
In addition, we are not obliged to treat this/s confidentially.
Updating these Terms of Use
We may change our service and policies, and we may also need to make changes to these Terms of Service so that they correctly and accurately reflect our service and policies.
We only make changes if the provisions are no longer applicable or incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable for you, taking your interests into account.
Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you of the changes and the choices you have at least 30 days before we update the Terms of Service (e.g., through our Service) and give you an opportunity to review them before doing so they come into effect.
If you continue to use the Service thereafter, you are bound by the updated Terms of Service.
If you do not wish to agree to these or any updated Terms of Service, you may delete your account here.
Revised: January 4, 2022
