With effect from August 11, 2020
LinkedIn has set itself the task of connecting specialists and executives around the world in order to help them be even more productive and successful.
Our services are designed to develop economic opportunities for our members by giving you and millions of other professionals and executives the opportunity to meet, exchange ideas, learn new things, discover professional and business opportunities, find employees and make decisions meet in a reliable network.
Table of Contents:
introduction
Duties
Rights and Limitations
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
completion
Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
Terms and Conditions
What you do and are not allowed to do on LinkedIn ("Do's and Don'ts" or rules of conduct)
Content complaints
contact
1 Introduction
1.1 Contract
By using our services, you declare that you agree to all conditions.
Your use of our services is subject to our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
This describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal data.
You agree that you will conclude a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (also when using our services on behalf of a company) when you click on “Register now”, “Join LinkedIn”, “Register” or the like Register with LinkedIn, access our services or use them (as described below).
If you do not agree to this contract (“Contract” or “User Agreement”), you should not click on “Join Now” (or similar) and do not access our services in any way.
If you want to terminate this contract, you can do this at any time by closing your account and by no longer accessing or no longer using our services.
services
This contract applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-connected websites, apps, communication and other services that indicate that they are offered under this contract ("Services"), including off-site Data collection for such services as our advertisements and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share on LinkedIn” plug-ins.
Registered users of our services are "members", unregistered users are "visitors".
LinkedIn
You conclude this contract with LinkedIn (also referred to as "we" or "us").
With the term "designated countries" we refer to the countries in the European Union (EU) and in the European Economic Area (EEA) as well as Switzerland.
If you are a resident of "Designated Countries", you are entering into this agreement with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company ("LinkedIn Ireland") and LinkedIn Ireland will become the controller of your personal data provided to or by our services, collected for or by them Processed in connection with them.
If you are located outside of the "Designated Countries", you are entering into this agreement with LinkedIn Corporation ("LinkedIn Corp.")
ab, and LinkedIn Corp.
becomes the person responsible for your personal data that is provided to our services, collected for or by them or processed in connection with them.
This contract applies to members and visitors.
As a visitor to or member of our services, the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy (including our Cookie Policy and other documents referred to in this Privacy Policy) and its updates.
1.2. Members and visitors
When you register, you will become a member of LinkedIn.
If you do not register for our services, you can access certain functions as a "visitor".
1.3 change
We are entitled to make changes to this contract.
We have the right to change this contract, our privacy policy and our cookie policy.
If we make material changes, we will notify you through our services or otherwise so that you have an opportunity to review the changes before they take effect.
We accept that changes cannot be made retrospectively.
If you do not agree to any changes, you can close your account.
Your continued use of our services after we have posted our changes to these terms or notify you of such changes means that you agree to be bound by the updated terms from the date they come into effect.
2. Obligations
2.1 Access to the Services
In this contract you guarantee us, among other things. The following about:
You are entitled to conclude this contract and have reached the required "minimum age".
The Services are not intended for use by minors under the age of 16.
In order to use the Services, you agree to the following: (1) You have reached the "Minimum Age" (as set out below); (2) You only have one LinkedIn account that you have created using your real name; and (3) You are not already restricted by LinkedIn from using the Services.
Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms; this also includes accounts that are opened on behalf of others or for persons under the age of 16.
The “minimum age” is 16 years of age.
However, if the law requires you to be older in order for LinkedIn to lawfully provide you with the Services (including the use of your data) without parental consent, “minimum age” means the corresponding higher age.
2.2 Your Account
They will keep your password secret.
You will not share an account with anyone and you will abide by our terms and the law.
Members are account holders.
You agree to the following: (1) You choose a secure password, keep it secret and keep it confidential; (2) you do not transfer any part of your account to anyone else (such as contacts); and (3) You obey the law, the LinkedIn Code of Conduct (what you and cannot do on LinkedIn), and the Community Policy.
You are responsible for all actions taken through your user account, unless you have closed the account or reported abuse.
In relation to the relationship between you and other parties (including your employer), your account is yours.
However, if the Services were acquired by another party for your use (for example, a recruiter license purchased by your employer), the party paying for the Services has the right to control access to the Services and your use of such paid services have no rights in connection with your personal account.
2.3 Payment
You are fulfilling your payment obligations and agree that we save your payment information.
They know that fees and taxes can be added to our rates.
Our guidelines apply to refunds.
By purchasing our Paid Services (“Premium Services”) you are agreeing to the additional terms applicable to such Paid Services and agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes.
Failure to pay these fees will terminate your paid services.
You also agree to the following:
Your purchase may be subject to foreign exchange fees or price differences based on location or exchange rates.
We may save and charge your method of payment (e.g. credit card) even after it has expired to avoid interruption of our services and to use it to pay for other services that you may purchase.
When you buy a membership, your payment method is automatically charged for the fees and taxes applicable for that period at the start of a membership period.
Please cancel before the renewal date to avoid future charges.
Find out how to cancel or suspend your premium services.
All purchases of services are subject to LinkedIn's refund policy.
We calculate the taxes you have to pay based on the invoice information you provide to us at the time of purchase.
You will receive a copy of your invoice via your account settings on LinkedIn under "Transaction overview".
2.4 Notifications and Messages
You agree that we may send you communications and messages through our websites, apps and contact information.
If the contact details you have provided are not up to date, you may not receive important communications.
You agree that we can send you notices and messages in the following ways: (1) within the service or (2) to the contact details you have provided (e.g. email address, mobile phone number, postal address) .
You agree to keep your contact details up to date.
Please check your settings to control and limit the messages you receive from us.
2.5 Share
When you share information about our services, other people can see, copy and use that information.
Our services allow you to share news and information in many ways, including through your profile, articles, group posts, links to news articles, job postings, news and InMails.
Information and content that you share or post can be seen by other members, visitors or third parties (also outside the services).
We respect the decisions you make about who can see what content or information (e.g. the content of your messages, content shared with LinkedIn contacts, the visibility of your profile for search engines or whether others should be informed about updates to your profile).
By default, we do not notify your network or the public of any job search activity.
So if you apply for a job through our services or indicate that you are interested in a job, we will only share this with the job advertiser.
We are under no obligation to post any information or content on our service and may remove it with or without notice.
3. Rights and Limitations
3.1. Your license for LinkedIn
All content, all feedback and all personal data that you provide to us are your property.
However, you grant us a non-exclusive license to this material.
Who sees your data and content and how they may be used for advertising purposes is entirely up to you to decide, which we respect.
In the contractual relationship between you and LinkedIn, you are the owner of the content and information that you submit to or publish on the Services, and you grant LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:
The worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, and distribute information and content provided by you through our services from third parties without your further consent or notification and / or compensation to you or third parties publish and process.
These rights are restricted as follows:
You can terminate this License for Specific Content by deleting such content from the Services or by closing your account, taking into account that (a) other persons may have copied, shared or saved the content shared on the Services, and ( b) that we have a reasonable period of time to remove this content from backup and other systems.
We will not publish your content (including sponsored content) in advertisements for the products and services of third parties directed to other persons without having obtained your separate consent to do so.
However, we reserve the right to place advertisements in addition to your content and information without compensation to you or any third party.
As noted in the privacy policy, your social actions may be visible and included in advertisements.
If you use a function of a service, we mention this with your name or your photo, depending on your settings, in order to advertise this function in our services.
We will obtain your consent if we want to give other people the right to publish your content outside of our services.
However, if you share a post "publicly", we will activate a function with which other members can embed this public post in third-party services, and we will enable this public content to be found via search engine services.
Learn more
Although we may edit your content and make changes to the formatting (for example, by translating or transcribing, changing the size, layout or file type, or removing metadata), we will not change the meaning of your contributions.
Since you are the owner of your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it, you can make this content and information available to others, for example under a Creative Commons license.
You and LinkedIn agree that content that contains personally identifiable information is subject to our privacy policy.
You agree that LinkedIn may access, use and store any information and personal data that you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy and your options (including settings).
By sending suggestions or other feedback regarding our services to LinkedIn, you agree that LinkedIn may (but is not obliged to) use and share this feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.
You guarantee that you will only provide us with information and content that you are allowed to pass on to us.
You also warrant that the contents of your LinkedIn profile correspond to the facts.
You agree to only provide content and information that does not violate the law or infringe the rights (including intellectual property rights) of any other person.
You also agree that your profile information is true.
LinkedIn may be legally obliged to remove certain information or content in certain countries.
3.2 Availability of the Services
We reserve the right to change or discontinue any services or to change our prices in the future.
We reserve the right to change, suspend or terminate any part of our services.
We also reserve the right to change our applicable prices in the future subject to a reasonable period of time to the extent permitted by law.
We do not undertake to save or continue to display information and content published by you.
LinkedIn is not a storage service.
You agree that we are under no obligation to make available to you and to save or retain a copy of any content or information that you or any other person provide, except as required by applicable law and as set out in our Privacy Policy.
3.3 Other content, websites and apps
You use the content and information of other people published on our services at your own risk.
Third parties can offer their own products and services via LinkedIn.
We are not responsible for such activities by third parties.
By using the Services, you may expose you to content or information that could be false, incomplete, late, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful.
We generally do not check the content provided by our members or third parties.
You agree that we are not responsible for any third party content or information (including that of other members).
We cannot always prevent this misuse of our services.
You agree that we are not responsible for such abuse.
You are also aware that if we inform your contacts and followers that you or your company has been mentioned in the news, you or your company could be inadvertently linked to content via third parties.
Members can make appropriate settings for this function.
LinkedIn can help members who provide services (e.g. career advice, accounting, etc.) to get in touch with members who are looking for such services.
LinkedIn does not perform these services itself, nor does LinkedIn use others to perform these services.
You must be at least 18 years of age to offer, perform or use these services.
You understand that LinkedIn does not supervise, guide, control, or monitor its members in the performance of these services, and you agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for offering, performing, or procuring these services is; (2) that LinkedIn does not acknowledge any services offered by any particular member; and (3) that no employment, agency, or joint venture relationship will in any way be created between LinkedIn and any member providing services.
When you offer services as a member, you confirm and warrant that you have all the necessary licenses and that you will provide your services in accordance with the LinkedIn Community Guideline.
In the same way, LinkedIn can support you in registering for events that are carried out by members and / or in attending such events and in getting in contact with other members who take part in such events.
You agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the conduct of members or other attendees at such events, (2) that LinkedIn does not in any way endorse any particular event listed on our service; (3) that LinkedIn does not rate and / or review such events; and (4) that you will comply with the terms and conditions applicable to such events.
3.4 Limitations
We are entitled to restrict your use of our services.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of contacts and the ability to contact other members.
LinkedIn reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or close your account if you violate this Agreement, any laws, or misuse the Services (e.g. by violating the Code of Conduct or Community Policy).
3.5 Intellectual Property Rights
We draw your attention to our intellectual property rights.
LinkedIn reserves all intellectual property rights in the services.
The brands and logos used in connection with the Services are trademarks of their respective owners.
The LinkedIn trademark, the “In” logos, and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in our services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.
3.6 Automatic processing
We use data and information about you to make relevant suggestions to you and others.
We use the information and data provided by you and (other) members to provide recommendations on contacts, content and functions that may be useful to you.
For example, we use data and information about you to recommend jobs to you or to recommend you to recruiters.
With an up-to-date and correct profile, you support us in making these recommendations relevant and applicable.
4. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
4.1 Disclaimer of Warranties
We hereby accept no liability for the quality, safety or reliability of our services.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTY OR WARRANTY WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICES, AND DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
THE SERVICES, INCLUDING CONTENT AND INFORMATION, ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF LIABILITY, LEGAL LIABILITY, LEGAL LIABILITY, AND LIABILITY.
4.2 Disclaimer of Liability
These are the limitations of liability that may apply to you.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (AND TO THE EXTENT LINKEDIN NO SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT RECEIVED THAT THIS AGREEMENT REPLACES) CLOSE LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION (For example, OFFENSIVE OR OFFENSIVE COMMENTS) LOSS OF DATA (EG DOWNTIME OR LOSS OF OR CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT) OR ANY INCIDENTAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PENALTY DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY AMOUNTS THAT (A) PAY (A) THE ENTIRE AMOUNT PAYED BY YOU TO LINKEDIN DURING THE TERM OF THE AGREEMENT, OR PAY (US $ 1,000), OR US $ 1,000 EXCEED.
4.3 Basis of the agreement; Exclusions
The limitation of liability in this paragraph 4 is part of the basis of the agreement between you and LinkedIn and applies to all liability claims (e.g. with regard to warranty, tort, negligence, on a contractual or legal basis) and also if LinkedIn or its affiliates have the option such damage has been notified and if these remedies do not serve their intended purpose.
These limitations of liability do not apply in the event of death or personal injury, in the event of fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the event of a breach of a cardinal obligation, the latter being a duty that is a prerequisite for our provision of the services and on whose compliance you can trust, but only insofar as the damage was caused directly by the violation and was foreseeable when this contract was concluded and insofar as it is typical damage in connection with this contract.
5. Termination
Either party can terminate this contract, but some rights and obligations will remain in effect after the termination.
Both you and LinkedIn can terminate this contract at any time by notifying the other party.
Upon termination, you lose the right to access or use the services.
After termination, the following continues to apply:
We are entitled to use and disclose your feedback.
Members and / or visitors are entitled to further share content and information that you have shared through the Services.
Sections 4, 6, 7 and 8.2 of this Agreement.
Any amounts owed by either party prior to termination are still owed to the other after termination.
You can visit our help section to close your account.
6. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event that a lawsuit should arise, you and LinkedIn agree to resolve the dispute in the courts of California, United States, using California law, or in the courts of Dublin, Ireland, using Irish law.
This paragraph is not intended to deprive you of any mandatory statutory consumer protection rights in the country in which we provide the services to you and in which you are habitually resident.
Live in the Designated Countries: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that the laws of Ireland, excluding conflict of laws, will apply to any dispute relating to this Agreement and / or the Services.
You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that claims and disputes may only be pursued through litigation in Dublin, Ireland, and both parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of Dublin, Ireland.
Anyone Outside the Designated Countries, including those living outside the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the state of California, United States, except for its conflict of laws provisions, shall apply exclusively to any dispute relating to this Agreement and / or the Services .
You and LinkedIn agree that claims and disputes may only be pursued in the federal and state courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and LinkedIn consent to the personal jurisdiction of those courts.
7. General Conditions
Here you will find important information about the contract.
If a court with jurisdiction over this contract finds any part of the contract unenforceable, you and we will give the court our consent to amend the terms to make that part enforceable, with no change in intent.
If the court cannot do this, both parties agree to request the court to remove the unenforceable portion and continue to enforce the remainder of this contract.
This Agreement (including additional terms that we will inform you about each time you use certain features of the Services) is the only agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all previous agreements regarding the Services.
If we do nothing to counter a breach of this contract, it does not mean that LinkedIn has given up its right to enforce this contract.
You are not permitted to assign or transfer this Agreement (or your membership or use of the Services) to any person without our permission.
However, you acknowledge that LinkedIn may assign this contract to its affiliates or to any party that buys the company without your approval.
There are no third party beneficiaries in this contract.
You confirm that you will only send legal notifications to us to the addresses specified in Section 10.
8. What you do and are not allowed to do on LinkedIn ("Do's and Don'ts" or rules of conduct)
8.1 What you can do
LinkedIn is a community for specialists and executives.
This Code of Conduct, as well as the Community Policy, limit what you can and cannot do within our services.
You agree to the following statements:
You will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export regulations, tax laws, and regulatory requirements.
They provide us with correct information and ensure that it is always up to date.
You are using your real name in your profile.
You use the services in a professional manner.
8.2 What you are not allowed to do
You agree that you will refrain from:
Creating a false identity on LinkedIn, misrepresenting your identity, creating a member profile for someone other than yourself (an individual), or using or attempting to use someone else's account;
Develop, support, or use software, devices, scripts, robots, or other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plug-ins and add-ons, and other technologies) to scrape the Services or otherwise retrieve profiles and other data from the Services copy;
Override security functions or override or circumvent other access controls or usage restrictions (such as restrictions on search queries or profile views);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute information obtained directly or through third parties (such as search engines) through the Services without the approval of LinkedIn;
Disclose information when you are not authorized to do so (for example, confidential information of others, including your employer);
Infringe the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights; For example, do not copy or distribute other people's contributions or other content without their permission (except via the available share function), unless they have given permission to do so by publishing under a Creative Commons license;
Violate any of LinkedIn's intellectual property or other rights, including, but not limited to, (i) copying or distributing our educational videos or other materials, or (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless it has been licensed under a Open source license released, or (iii) use of the word “LinkedIn” or our logos in a company name, email or URL except as provided under the Trademark Policy;
Post anything that contains software viruses, worms, or other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decrypt or otherwise attempt to infer the source code of the Services or any related technology that is not open source;
Giving the impression that you are connected to or recommended by LinkedIn (for example, impersonating a LinkedIn trainer) without our express permission;
Rent, lease, loan, trade, sell / resell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data, or gain access to the Services or related data without the consent of LinkedIn;
Create deep links to our services without the approval of LinkedIn for any purpose other than to advertise your profile or to advertise a group on our services;
Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, and send or redirect messages;
Monitor the availability, performance and functionality of the Services for competitive purposes;
Operate “framing”, “mirroring” or any other simulation of the appearance or functionality of the services;
Obscure or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (such as by adding items to the Services or removing, covering or hiding any advertisement present on the Services);
Hinder the operation of the services or place an unreasonable burden on them (e.g. through spam, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, game algorithms);
Violate the Community Policy or other terms and conditions of any particular service provided when you register for or begin using such service or, where applicable, violate the Bing Maps terms and conditions.
9. Content complaints
Important information if you want to report complaints about content our members have posted.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
Accordingly, this contract requires that information posted by members is accurate and does not infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party.
We provide a policy and procedure for complaining about content posted by our members.
10. Contacting us
Our contact details.
Our help section also contains information about our services.
For general inquiries, you can contact us online.
You can send legal notices or legal action to these addresses.
