MyHeritage - Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on April 18, 2020.
If you haven't checked them since that date, please do so now.
The German translation of our Terms of Use displayed below is not the binding version.
It is only for information and better understanding.
The English version of the Terms of Use is the legally binding version.
Welcome to MyHeritage
MyHeritage is an online service that allows members to create family sites and profiles, share and print their family trees and family photos, keep in touch with family members, take DNA tests, get genetic analysis, participate in scientific research participate and research family history using advanced research tools (the "Service").
The Service is owned by MyHeritage Ltd. (
Hereinafter "MyHeritage", "we", "our" or "us") and is operated by it. "
"You" or "your" means an adult user of the Service over the age of 13 (in some countries the minimum age is 14, see "Underage Users" section below).
Use of the Service and/or the MyHeritage website (the "Site") is subject to compliance with the Terms and Conditions set forth herein.
Please read them carefully as by using the Website you are bound by these Agreements and are entering into an agreement with us whether or not to register as a member on MyHeritage based on these Terms and Conditions (the "Agreement") (" Member").
The MyHeritage Website (the "Website") is part of a group of websites that we own and operate (the "MyHeritage Website Group"), which includes MyHeritage. *
Websites on other top-level domains and Geni.com.
This Agreement applies to your use of the Service, including but not limited to: a) submitting samples for DNA extraction and processing, b) uploading a digital version of your genetic information exported from another DNA service, c) receiving and interacting with genetic genealogical analysis provided through the Website; the "DNA Genealogy Services"); d) receiving, viewing and interacting with genetic health analyzes (the “DNA Health Services”); and e) downloading your Raw DNA Data (collectively, the "DNA Services").
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Service includes the DNA Services for all purposes of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to any provision of this Agreement, please do not use the Service or the Website.
We reserve the right to change any provision from time to time at our sole discretion and such changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the website.
You agree to be bound by any changes to this Agreement if you continue to use the Service after such change is posted.
The service
MyHeritage Family Sites
MyHeritage allows you, as a member, to create and post content on MyHeritage family sites and allows you to control and restrict access to such content by other users of the MyHeritage group of websites.
Given the nature of the service, please choose the information you want to post on MyHeritage family sites carefully and refrain from posting illegal or inappropriate content.
We will not edit or monitor User Contributed Content, but we reserve the right to remove any User Contributed Content that obtains our attention and that, in our sole discretion, violates this Agreement.
For illustrative purposes, without limitation, you should not post, transmit, mail, or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Service any of the following information:
Photographs and other content featuring nudity, sexual activity, pornography, immorality, vulgarity, violence and/or any other objectionable subject matter.
Any content that may violate the privacy or confidentiality rights of others, including anyone in your family tree.
Our service allows you to make specific privacy settings regarding individual names, dates, email addresses, and other personally identifiable information.
Please use these opportunities and respect the privacy of other people.
Any photograph or e-mail address of a living person (other than yourself) without their consent.
Information concerning minors or children that allows them to be identified, their personal details or address and other means of communication without the direct consent of their parents or legal guardian.
Content that you do not own or are not authorized to use.
Content that infringes and/or violates the property or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks.
We are extremely sensitive to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of others.
Be aware that content, including photos, even if submitted to a site of which you are a member, belongs to its creator or contributor and you should not reproduce it without permission from the owner.
Content that is obscene, indecent, defamatory, derogatory, fraudulent, humiliating, abusive, hateful, false, misleading, inaccurate, untrue, spiteful, objectionable, harassing, threatening, or incites racial, religious or ethnic hatred.
Content that upsets, annoys, scares, offends, embarrasses or distresses anyone,
Content that interferes with ongoing legal proceedings that you are aware of; is illegal or promotes or teaches illegal activities.
Computer viruses, other harmful or dangerous code.
Content that violates our privacy policy.
You may not:
Impersonate someone else or misrepresent your identity or status.
Identify yourself as an employee or agent of MyHeritage Ltd.
or one of its subsidiaries.
Stalk, harass, or persistently and regularly contact other users without their consent or encouragement, or after express or implied withdrawal of such consent or encouragement.
Send commercial email, spam email, unsolicited direct mail, or other email that may annoy the recipient.
Use our website or service in a way that could damage our name and reputation.
Disable or restrict any other person from using the Site or the Service.
Misuse parts of, use of, or access to the website for commercial purposes.
Conduct activities that require payment in any way by members or users of family sites or any other area of ​​MyHeritage.
Advertise or offer for sale any products or services without our express permission (in which case you must comply with the rules set out by us for these activities).
Include links on our Website or Service that point to third-party websites outside of the MyHeritage Website Group.
You may not copy, electronically store, make available, distribute, sell, offer for sale or systematically download any content or data and use it to create other databases for any purpose or use data without our express and prior written consent fill up.
Reading, browsing and/or exploiting any data and pages from the Website without our express prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
Except with express prior written consent, the resale of MyHeritage products (including, without limitation, MyHeritage DNA kits) is strictly prohibited.
Buying a MyHeritage DNA kit and then selling it to someone else is strictly prohibited.
Activity on the Website that is brought to our attention and, in our judgment, violates applicable law will be reported to the appropriate authorities.
On a MyHeritage family site, members share their content with other members.
This can lead to conflict situations between members.
The following policies apply to all MyHeritage members, including you:
Members must get permission from living family members before uploading information about them to the family site, and if they do so without their permission, it is the responsibility of the family site owner - the member who created the family site.
If we receive a complaint from an individual or a close relative of an individual about information contained on a family site against their will, we reserve the right to delete that information, including against the will of the family site owner.
In the event of a dispute with a family site owner, we may, at our option, terminate their membership and remove them from the Service.
If the member in question is a subscriber, we will refund the paid subscription fee to that member.
A relative's right not to appear on the family site overrides the right of the family site owner to list that relative on the family site.
If an individual finds personal information on a family site that another member has entered and wants it removed, that individual should email a request to privacy@myheritage.com and give us up to one week to process that request to let.
We will first attempt to resolve the dispute amicably by contacting the family site owner who provided or is responsible for providing this information and give them time to respond.
Copying information or photos from other family sites without the permission of their owners is prohibited and members who do so risk being banned from the service at MyHeritage Ltd's discretion.
Information or photos from external websites and services and their publication on family sites requires the prior approval of the owner of the content in question.
Inviting other members to your family site or granting their membership applications allows those members access to the family site and they may copy portions of it.
Should this happen, it is the responsibility of the family site owner or member who created the invitation or approved the membership application, and not MyHeritage Ltd.
If the invitation or membership application was created or accepted in error, the owner of the family site can remove that member and prevent access to the family site.
Family sites are open to visitors by default, but the details of living family members in the family tree are hidden from them, with the exception of their last names.
For maximum privacy, owners of a family site can make it private, make photo albums private, and turn off Smart Matching™ on their family trees.
Smart Matching™ is a service for discovering matches between your family tree and other family trees, but this advantage also comes with a privacy disadvantage; Owners of other family sites can see parts of your family tree that match theirs (except for living people in your tree who aren't in the other tree, who remain hidden).
If this worries you, you need to turn off Smart Matching™ by going to your family site in your account, clicking on "My Privacy" in the top right corner of the webpage, then clicking on "Content" under the desired family site, the "Smart Matching" option ™ on MyHeritage" and then click the "Save" button.
If you leave Smart Matching™ turned on for your tree, you are responsible for allowing other members to view portions of your tree.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice and without any liability, financial or otherwise, to refuse to post any Submissions by you and/or any Content posted through Family Sites or remove them or limit, suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website and/or the Service.
We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to post, to refuse to post, or to remove any family site at any time, with or without notice and without liability, financial or otherwise, if we believe that the concerned Family Site violates this Agreement in any way.
Once you upload, post or publish content, including family trees and photos, to the Website, it becomes accessible to anyone who has access to that or any other website within the MyHeritage Websites group, depending on the permissions settings under your control.
Depending on your permission settings, other website users can view, copy, download, save, edit, change or delete certain content that you have posted.
You agree that other users can access your family site and make additions, removals, or other changes.
Information that you have posted is displayed and is visible and accessible to others, viewable or audible.
You can delete content that you have previously posted on the website; However, if others have previously downloaded or otherwise saved copies of it, these can remain publicly viewable.
Other users may contact you about your posted content through our website.
We will send you an email notification if you have received a new message on our website.
You can adjust your email preferences in the "My Account" section of the website if you do not wish to receive such notifications.
DNA-Services
This Section applies to the DNA Services, including but not limited to ordering a MyHeritage DNA Test Kit, submitting DNA Samples to us, acceptable uses of such Samples and DNA Markers resulting from or submitted by you to the Website, nucleotides, mutations, or haplogroups ("DNA Results"), the results of genetic analysis of DNA Results that include DNA Matches and ancestry estimates (collectively, the "DNA Reports"), and your rights, obligations, and restrictions in relation to your use of the DNA Services.
Please note that in order to use the DNA Services you must register as a Member on the Site, but becoming a Subscriber is not required to use the DNA Services.
Your use of the DNA Services is governed by this Agreement and the MyHeritage Privacy Policy.
DNA Genealogy Services are currently unavailable to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted DNA Genealogy Locations").
DNA Healthcare Services cannot currently be provided to residents of the following territories: Israel, France, Germany, the US states of Rhode Island, New Jersey and New York, as well as Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria (“Regions with DNA Health Restrictions”).
By authorizing the DNA Services, by submitting a DNA Sample for testing, or by uploading or transmitting DNA Results to the Site, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older and not a resident of the Restricted Locations for DNA Genealogy or DNA Health Restricted Sites as set out above, and you represent that you have read and understand the Agreements and agree to comply with this Agreement and the collection and use of your DNA Sample and DNA results and our calculation and provision of applicable DNA reports.
In addition, you agree that any DNA Sample you submit and any information you transmit or upload associating an individual with his/her DNA Findings, either your DNA or or, solely in relation to use of DNA Genealogy Services which are those of an individual for whom you are a legal guardian or have been legally authorized to provide their DNA to us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, use of the DNA Services is for law enforcement purposes, forensic investigations, criminal investigations, cold case investigations, identification of unknown deceased persons, tracing relatives of the deceased using cadaver DNA and/or any similar purpose strictly prohibited unless a court order to that effect has been obtained.
It is our policy to resist law enforcement investigations to protect our customers' privacy.
All provisions contained herein apply to both DNA Results produced using the MyHeritage DNA Tests and DNA shared through direct upload to the Website, data transfer from another DNA testing service, or other means , with which you have provided us with your DNA information.
By submitting DNA samples to MyHeritage, you give MyHeritage permission to directly or indirectly extract the DNA from the samples, to perform genetic analysis using DNA methods available today and those that may be developed in the future, the results of the tests performed for providing the relevant DNA Reports to you and solely in relation to the DNA Genealogy Reports, including to others you authorize to disclose and storing the Samples for further genetic testing (i.e. we may in the future by additional genetic testing may provide more detailed and accurate DNA Results, DNA Reports and other Results, in each case subject to and in accordance with this Agreement and the Privacy Policy and your express consent) and to enable you to download the DNA Results.
You acknowledge that if you download your DNA Results: 1) such download will create a copy that is not protected by MyHeritage's security and privacy settings; 2) You download and store your DNA Results once downloaded at your own risk; and 3) MyHeritage has no control over the downloaded DNA Results and will have no liability to you or any third party in connection with any such download and/or storage.
We do not claim to have any proprietary interest in the DNA Samples, the DNA Results and/or the Genetic Genealogy and Genetic Health Information of the DNA Reports.
Any Genetic Genealogy and Genetic Health Information, Any Genetic Information derived from the DNA Samples or contained in the DNA Results and/or the DNA Reports remains the property of the individual from whom the DNA was collected, solely with the rights granted to MyHeritage in this Agreement.
In addition, you understand that providing DNA Samples and/or DNA Results does not grant you any rights in research or any commercial product that may be developed by us that relates to your DNA.
If requested by you, we will destroy the DNA samples you have provided.
To request the destruction of the DNA Samples, please contact us using the "Contact Us" details in the section below.
In addition, you can delete your DNA Results and DNA Reports from the website at any time by using the delete function from the Manage DNA Kits page on the website, or by requesting MyHeritage Customer Service to do this for you.
By submitting DNA Samples to us and/or any DNA Results to the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide license to use your DNA Samples, the DNA Results solely for the purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services of any DNA Samples and /or results you provide to persons authorized by you under this paragraph and the DNA Results Reports at least to the extent necessary to enable us to perform that service to you.
The license you grant to us is non-permanent and revocable because you have the right at any time to permanently remove your DNA results and reports from our website and to ask us to destroy your DNA.
You hereby release us from any claim, lien, demand, suit or proceeding related to the DNA Test, DNA Samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, including, without limitation, errors, omissions, claims for Defamation, privacy violation, right of publicity, emotional distress or an economic loss.
This section will survive even if you stop using the Website or the DNA Services.
You confirm that the submission of a DNA sample from you is not subject to any export ban or restriction of the country in which you reside.
You also agree that you have authority under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which you are located to provide the representation in this Agreement and that you expressly consent to any remedy under any law or regulations regarding DNA Samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports and their storage by the state or jurisdiction in which you reside.
You consent to the DNA Samples being stored in the United States as provided in this Agreement.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse, block or refuse any posting or DNA Reports and/or DNA Results submitted to us by you or by us following the processing of a DNA Sample removed or restricted, or to terminate this Agreement or your access to all or any part of the DNA Services, at any time or for no reason, with or without notice and without liability.
In such cases, if you have purchased a MyHeritage DNA kit from us and we have exercised that right, we will refund you the money.
Eligibility
Use of and membership in the DNA Services is void where prohibited by law.
You may use the DNA Services only if you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and have the legal capacity to form a binding contract with us.
Do not use the DNA Services if your use violates any applicable local, state or national law or regulation of your place of residence.
By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent that (a) the DNA Samples and/or DNA Results you submit belong to you or someone solely with respect to the DNA Genealogy Services for which you have a lawful license that share sample and/or DNA results; (b) you are eighteen (18) years of age or older; and (c) your use of the DNA Services will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If a minor uses the DNA Genealogy Services, receives DNA Services, that minor's parent or legal guardian will be held responsible for the minor's actions.
If you submit a sample DNA sample from a minor, solely for the purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services, you must be the minor's parent or legal guardian and certify this in writing in a format acceptable to us if we do so prior to providing DNA Request results and DNA genealogy reports for the minor in question.
If you have reason to believe that you have an active infectious disease, condition or disorder, please do not return your sample to us until such disease or disease is no longer contagious or has been cured.
Your DNA Sample may not be processed, your DNA Results and DNA Reports may be deleted, and your Membership may be terminated without notice if we believe this Agreement, or any part thereof, has been breached or compromised.
conditions
This section applies to the currently used DNA Services.
You may remove the DNA Results associated with your account from the profile to which you or we uploaded them at any time for any reason.
We may remove your DNA Results and/or DNA Reports and/or terminate your Membership at any time without notice.
Even after membership is terminated, the ownership rights set forth in this Agreement shall remain in effect.
Non-Commercial Use by Members
The DNA Services are for the personal, private, and informational use of members and may not be used in connection with any commercial or research work, except as specifically supported or approved in writing by us.
Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the DNA Services, including collection of DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, is prohibited.
We reserve the right to protect and enforce all rights associated with the DNA Services provided.
Prohibiting the Use of the DNA Services, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports in Legal Proceedings
Use of the DNA Services, including the DNA Results and/or the DNA Reports, in any judicial proceeding or in support of any judicial or extrajudicial claim is prohibited.
In relation to genetic genealogy, the purpose of DNA services is to find distant relatives.
DNA Services, including DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, may not be used to identify direct descendants (maternity or paternity) of any person and shall not constitute valid proof of direct descent.
DNA Services, including DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, are based solely on statistical estimates and are an inadequate means of providing definitive results regarding an individual's direct descendants.
Proprietary Rights in Content
a. We claim no ownership rights in the DNA Samples, the underlying DNA Results, or any DNA Results you submit through the DNA Services, and the genetic, genealogical and health information in the DNA Reports.
After submitting DNA Results to the Website or after mailing a DNA Sample, you continue to retain and own all ownership rights in the DNA Sample and applicable DNA Results and genetic, genealogical and health information in the DNA Reports Right to use your DNA Results and DNA Reports in any way you choose.
By submitting a DNA Sample and/or submitting DNA Results to the Website, you hereby represent that you have the right to grant, use, modify, and reproduce the DNA Results and the DNA Reports exclusively to MyHeritage distribute and create on and through the DNA Services for both commercial and non-commercial purposes and the divisions of MyHeritage (and its successors and affiliates).
b. The DNA Services contain DNA Results and DNA Reports from users, members and other licensors.
Except for content originating from you or as expressly permitted by a user's privacy settings, you may not copy, modify, translate, publish, transmit, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or through the Website and/or the DNA Services appear.
DNA samples and DNA results; DNA reports
You are solely responsible for the DNA Samples you submit to MyHeritage, any DNA Results, materials and information you submit to us and our Members through any DNA Service, and any interactions with other users.
MyHeritage does not control or endorse any actions resulting from your participation in the DNA Services.
As such, MyHeritage expressly disclaims all liability with respect to any actions resulting from your participation in the DNA Services.
We make no warranties, express or implied, as to the DNA Results and DNA Reports or as to the accuracy, reliability, correctness, completeness and quality, timeliness, error-free nature, compatibility, security or fitness for purpose of the Website or the DNA Services or the DNA reports.
By using the DNA Services, you acknowledge that DNA Results and DNA Reports may provide you with information that you did not expect, that may evoke strong emotions and has the potential to change your life and worldview to change.
You may discover things about yourself that worry you but that you cannot control or change (e.g. your father is not genetically your father, or your ethnicity is not what you thought, or surprising facts related to your parentage, or that you are a above-average risk of developing an incurable disease such as Alzheimer's disease).
Once you have received this information, the knowledge is irrevocable.
You should not assume that any information we may be able to provide to you now or as genetic research advances is welcome or positive.
These outcomes could have social, legal or economic implications.
You further acknowledge that your use of the DNA Services and receipt of the resulting DNA Reports may have serious consequences not only for you but also for your immediate or other family members as they share some of your DNA.
If you are in any way concerned about any possible effects, DO NOT use the DNA Services.
Genetic information that you share with others could be used against you.
You should therefore exercise caution when disclosing information to third parties.
Even if you share genetic information with others that has no or limited meaning today (such as DNA results or DNA health reports), that information could become more relevant in the future as new discoveries are made.
In the future, companies or insurance companies may request such information from you.
In the United States, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) went into effect in 2008.
Other states and countries, but not all, have laws protecting individuals with respect to their genetic information.
You may want to consult an attorney to fully understand the scope of legal protections for your Genetic Information before sharing it with anyone.
If you export your DNA health data from MyHeritage and upload it to a third-party service provider for health analysis, genetic information that was not shared with you through MyHeritage and that MyHeritage has not validated may be disclosed.
MyHeritage accepts no responsibility for such data as the DNA data may be incorrectly named for some variants.
You assume sole risk of exporting DNA data from MyHeritage and uploading it to a third party service provider.
Learn more about DNA healthcare services
You may only use DNA Healthcare Services if you are at least 18 years of age.
health questionnaire
Before we provide you with the DNA Health Reports, we will collect certain self-reported health information about you and your family members (Health Questionnaire Information or Health Questionnaire Information) using a questionnaire.
Based on the information provided in the Health Questionnaire, we are able to determine your eligibility for any or all of the DNA Health Reports (which may be refused on rare occasions) and, if you are eligible for any or all of the DNA Health Reports, we may thanks to the information provided in the health questionnaire, we also duly provide you with the DNA health reports and communicate to you the relevant communications.
You must therefore fill out the health questionnaire in full.
Before you provide information about third parties, you must obtain the appropriate consent from those about whom you wish to provide information in the health questionnaire.
The information in your health questionnaire will be retained and used by us in accordance with our privacy policy.
New questions and topics can be added to the health questionnaire as new information is required to update your DNA health reports or to create new reports.
In such a case, we are entitled to send you an e-mail to this effect.
You can delete or edit the information in your health questionnaire by contacting our customer service.
For more information, please see the privacy policy.
Genetics is only part of the picture
Based on the assessment of specific genetic variants, the DNA Health Reports provide genetic risk information but do not reflect your full genetic profile.
DNA Health Reports do not identify all genetic variants associated with a particular disease, and the absence of a tested variant does not preclude the presence of other genetic variants that may be associated with the disease.
In addition, for most diseases, the genes that we know are responsible for only part of the overall risk.
Other factors such as environment and lifestyle can affect the risk of developing a particular disease and may be more important predictors depending on the disease.
If your data shows that you do not have an increased genetic risk for a disease or disease, you should still not feel safe.
The opposite is also true: if your data shows that you have an increased genetic risk for a disease or condition, this does not mean that you will actually get that disease or condition.
All findings in the DNA health reports should be confirmed and supplemented with additional medical and clinical tests and information.
Do not rely solely on DNA health reports
The purpose of DNA Health Reports is not to independently diagnose, prevent, or treat any disease or condition, to inform you of your current health status without medical or clinical data, to be used as a basis for medical decisions, including Deciding whether or not to take a drug including the appropriate dosage.
In addition, you may need to seek additional services from your physician, genetic counselor, or other health care provider to achieve better outcomes for the diseases or conditions identified in your DNA Health Reports.
The DNA Healthcare Services do not provide medical advice or care, constitute a practice of medicine by MyHeritage, or create any other patient-healthcare provider relationship between MyHeritage and you.
The DNA Health Services are provided for research, informational, and educational purposes only.
Use of any information provided as part of the DNA Health Services (including information we may determine for you based on your DNA Health Report and scientific literature or research that gives you a legal remedy) is at your sole risk.
You should not consider the DNA Health Reports as a substitute for visiting a doctor or other health care provider, for professional medical advice, diagnosis, advice, or treatment from a personal physician or other qualified health care provider who may evaluate your health in the broader context of a medical treatment can consider.
If you have any doubts or questions regarding your DNA Health Reports, or if you have any questions about the diagnosis, cure, treatment, alleviation or prevention of any disease or disease or disability, or if you have any questions or questions about your medical condition or health, you should consult a physician or other ask a medical professional for advice.
Genetic research is not comprehensive and is constantly progressing.
Please note that many of the genetic findings that may emerge from DNA health reports have not been clinically validated and the technology we currently use (the same used by the research community) has not been widely used for clinical testing.
Also, due to technical variations in our testing device, some DNA Health Reports or some variations in a particular DNA Health Report may not be available to you.
The risk shown per variant may be calculated based on races that are not consistent with or relevant to your own race and therefore may not accurately reflect that risk to you.
In the future, the scientific community may come to the conclusion that previous studies are incomplete or inaccurate, and future scientific studies may change the interpretation of your DNA results.
As scientific knowledge advances, our DNA health reports may change to reflect different results in the future.
For example, we can change the set of variations that we consider part of your genetic predisposition to a particular disease.
In addition, we can assign different values ​​or classes to these variations, so that variations that are considered harmful are considered benign in the future and will change your DNA health report.
Another example is that we can change the estimated risk level for a specific disease.
After we provide you with the health reports, we may also add diseases and conditions to the diseases and conditions listed on the initiation pages when you ordered the DNA health reports.
Other companies that offer a genetic risk test may be able to detect different genetic variants for the same disease, so you may get different results when using a test from another company.
We may also use different mathematical tools and statistical frameworks to analyze the existence of a variation or your level of risk.
We reserve the right to update your DNA Health Reports based on new information, data or scientific knowledge.
We also reserve the right to notify you if your DNA Health Report has been changed.
Receiving genetic health information can cause anxiety in some people.
That is normal.
If you are very concerned, you should speak to your doctor or other healthcare professional before providing your DNA sample to DNA Health Services.
Before submitting your DNA sample, we recommend that you speak to a genetic counselor, a health care professional specializing in genetic diseases, or a licensed medical geneticist and get the full information they need to help you make a better decision about whether a DNA test is right for you is the right thing.
Please note that DNA Results or DNA Health Reports that you share with your doctor or other healthcare provider may be included in your medical record and thereby be available to other healthcare providers or insurance companies in the future.
If you are asked by an insurance company if you have genetic information about your medical condition and you do not disclose it, you may be fraudulent.
Our laboratory is licensed as a clinical laboratory in Texas, however, not all jurisdictions require licensing for our DNA healthcare services.
As a result, we are not licensed to perform genetic testing for health or disease-related purposes in all states, states, or international agencies.
In addition, we do not offer our DNA healthcare services in certain jurisdictions because we do not have the necessary licenses.
To fulfill orders from customers residing in the United States, we require a doctor's prescription in order to create and share DNA health reports with customers.
We work with an independent network of board-certified physicians and genetic consultants, PWNHealth, LLC (www.pwnhealth.com) ("PWNHealth"), to provide medical oversight of the MyHeritage DNA Health Test.
Your personal data, including the information in the health questionnaire, DNA results and DNA health reports, will be shared with PWNHealth on a confidential basis for PWNHealth to review it with a doctor and genetic counselor.
The fee for PWNHealth's service is charged by MyHeritage on behalf of PWNHealth and is included in the total price of DNA Health Services.
The MyHeritage DNA health test has not been cleared or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
According to the FDA, this test is not subject to any FDA review prior to its release to the market.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and any third party acting on our behalf and their agents, agents, partners and employees from any loss, liability and claim, including reasonable attorneys' fees incurred as a result of your use of or access to the DNA Services or any consequences of such use.
Use of Data
Members or those otherwise using the Website and/or the DNA Genealogy Services may use another Member's DNA genealogy reports only to the extent permitted by the Member's privacy settings and solely on the DNA genealogy reports available to other members.
If you collect and/or publish such DNA Results and/or DNA Reports on any other website or application or otherwise use them outside of the DNA Services, please note that the DNA Results and/or DNA Reports are subject to the Regulations and policies of such other websites and/or applications and that such use is entirely at your own risk.
Privacy and Security.
For details of our privacy policy, see Privacy Policy
Limitation of Liability
Without derogating from the "Limitation of Liability" section (in the "Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Liability" section), please note that the DNA Services are controlled from our facilities in the United States.
We make no representations that the DNA Services are appropriate or available for other locations.
Those who obtain or use the DNA Services from other jurisdictions do so on their own will and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Other areas of the website
As a member, you have permission to post content to other areas of the site, such as the support forum.
You can also post comments about other users' content.
We reserve the right to remove any content or posting that we believe, in our sole discretion, violates this Agreement in any way, with or without notice and without any liability, financial or otherwise.
MyHeritage backup service
MyHeritage offers an optional data backup service for an additional subscription fee.
This Backup Service is subject to this Agreement and additional terms specific to the Backup Service.
Limited User License
You are hereby authorized to use the Service and its content solely for personal use and subject to the terms of this Agreement (the "License").
The service is neither intended nor licensed for commercial use.
We reserve the right to cancel the service or any part of it at any time.
Downloading any or all parts of any feature of the Service or any part of the public areas of the Service is prohibited.
Online or other republication of content in the public areas is prohibited.
Violation of this license may result in immediate termination of your membership and may be subject to legal action for injunctive relief, damages and/or other omissions.
You may use the Service and any software provided by the Service online only and may not download, copy, reuse, or distribute such software unless it is clearly stated with such software that it is intended for offline use use is made available and that a license is made available for use in connection with this software.
copyright
Except in relation to the DNA Services mentioned above, by posting any Content to the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to host, copy, post and distribute such Content.
The integration of MyHeritage's matching process with our partners such as RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie does not involve publishing any content.
The matching information sent to us by our partners' software and websites is not used by us for any purpose other than matching and is never published, sold or licensed to third parties.
We do not receive a license for such information and this information is not collected by us and it is automatically deleted after calculation.
Our partners' users may receive Smart Matches (pedigree matches) with our users, but such matches are not two-way: our users do not receive Smart Matches with our partners' users and cannot see their data.
All Content posted on the Site, other than User Submitted Content, DNA Results, DNA Samples and genetic information in the DNA Reports, is owned by us or by third parties who have granted us a limited license for such content .
Content posted on family sites belongs to the person who created the content, is under the control of the manager of the family site where it was submitted, and is hosted by us under the terms of the Agreement.
MyHeritage is copyrighted under US and Israeli copyright laws, international conventions, and other applicable copyright laws.
You may not modify the application code of our software and the Applications in any way.
You will not modify, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works from, translation, reverse engineering, decompilation, disassembly or hacking of any application, downloadable component or part thereof provided by us.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act („DMCA“)
We will respond to clear notices under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") that alert us to alleged copyright infringement.
The DMCA provides remedies for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under United States copyright law.
To learn more about the DMCA, please visit the U.S. Copyright Office website at https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf.
If you are a copyright owner, or an agent of the copyright owner, and have a good faith belief that content hosted on the Site infringes your copyright, you may send our Designated Copyright Agent a notice under DMCA, either by mail to: Copyright Agent for Notice, Attention: Legal Department, MyHeritage, PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel, or by email to: copyright@myheritage.com.
Notices must comply with the applicable legal requirements of the DMCA.
Please include the following information with your notice:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is claimed to be infringed by the material(s).
• Identification of the copyrighted works claimed to have been used without permission, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the site are reported by a single notification, a representative list of those works.
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to allow MyHeritage to locate the material (Providing of URLs is the best way to find content quickly).
• Information sufficient to enable MyHeritage to contact the complaining party, such as: B. An address, telephone number and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party can be contacted.
• A statement by the complainant that he has a good faith belief that the alleged use of the works is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
• A statement that the information in the notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
If you are unsure whether you own rights in a particular work or whether the material you are reporting is in fact infringing, consult an attorney or other professional as MyHeritage cannot provide legal advice.
Note that false accusations may be subject to penalties under the DMCA.
Marketing our services
By ordering the Service, you agree that we may use your contact information to offer you MyHeritage products or services that complement the product or service that you originally ordered from us.
Such promotional offers may be made by email, telephone or post.
If you do not wish to receive promotional offers by email, you can unsubscribe at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link provided in the email or by setting your email preferences.
See the Email Preferences section of our Privacy Policy.
If you do not wish to receive promotional offers over the phone or in the mail, please contact us at privacy@myheritage.com or notify a MyHeritage representative.
Fees and Terms of Payment
Subscriptions
MyHeritage offers payment-based subscription plans to complement the basic free plan, which include: Premium Family Site Plan, PremiumPlus Family Site Plan, Data Plan, and the Full Plan.
All subscriptions are automatically renewed to ensure uninterrupted service.
This means that as soon as you become a subscription member, your subscription will be automatically renewed and charged according to your chosen payment method, based on your subscription duration.
Unless you opt out or opt out as instructed below in this Agreement.
Due to US regulations, payment-based subscription plans and purchases are currently unavailable to residents of the following locations: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon, and Syria.
All physical goods and deliverables purchased from us become part of a supply contract.
This means that risk of loss and ownership of these items passes to you once we hand them over to the carrier for delivery.
1. Waiver of Renewals
You can opt out of any of your subscription renewals by logging in and using the My Purchases page (select the applicable subscription, click View Details, then click Cancel Annual Renewal).
On this page, select the relevant plan, press View Details, then select Cancel Annual Renewal.
Or by calling +1-844-994-1888 (US toll-free number).
See the Contact Us page for additional phone numbers from other countries).
Unless you let us know at least one day before the end of the current subscription period that you do not want to continue your subscription, billing will be carried out for the next renewal period of the subscription.
2. Free trial subscriptions
Free trial subscriptions will only be charged at the end of the free trial period.
You can cancel a free trial subscription at any time during the free trial period via My Purchases, so you will not incur any additional costs.
On this page, select "Data Subscriptions" or "Full Subscription", click "View Details" and select "End Free Trial Now" for the plan you chose.
To start the free trial, your payment information is required.
If you provide the payment information and accept our terms and conditions, you agree that MyHeritage will automatically make annual charges to the paid subscription after the free trial period.
Visa cardholders will be informed by email 7 days before the end of the free trial period.
3. Refund Policy
MyHeritage values ​​customer satisfaction and offers a 30-day money-back guarantee.
If you are not satisfied with your subscription purchase, you can request a full refund by contacting customer service within 30 days of the subscription purchase date.
The money-back guarantee applies to MyHeritage subscriptions (Premium, PremiumPlus, data, or all-inclusive plan) and does not apply to shipped products such as MyHeritage DNA kits and family tree posters.
All refunds will be processed to the original credit card used to make the purchase.
Please allow a reasonable time for payment to reach you or be credited to your account.
4. Prices are subject to change
Prices may be adjusted by MyHeritage from time to time.
The current prices can be found here: price list.
Depending on which country you live in, prices may have additional taxes and customs duties.
After each payment, MyHeritage will send you an email with details of the purchase and the invoice amount.
5. Renewal of Price Locked Subscriptions
Subscriptions purchased with a price lock guarantee (“Price Lock Subscriptions”) will renew at the same price at which they were originally purchased.
Changes in subscription prices do not affect the renewal price of price-locked subscriptions.
If you have a price-locked subscription, you will always be charged the same price on the renewal date as long as you keep the subscription.
If you terminate a price-locked subscription by stopping its renewal and allowing it to expire, there is no guarantee that you will be able to purchase it again at the same price in the future.
Payment for DNA Services
If you are not already registered with MyHeritage, you must register with MyHeritage when ordering a DNA test kit.
Registration is free.
You must keep your login details to access your DNA Results and DNA Reports on the website.
1. Ersatz
In the event that you have any of the following experiences, please contact us using the contact details in the "Contact Us" section below and we will send you a new replacement DNA Test Kit free of charge to the address we have on our records have at the time of purchase:
The DNA Test Kit has not reached your shipping destination within 30 (30) days of purchase.
The DNA test kit has not reached our laboratory within thirty (30) days from the day you sent it.
You have received a damaged DNA test kit.
2. Cancellations and Refunds
If you cancel the DNA test kit order before the DNA sample has arrived at our laboratory, you are entitled to a refund.
To cancel and make a complaint about your refund, you must contact us via the "Contact Us" section.
The refund includes the cost of the DNA test kit, but does not include shipping costs, customs duties, or import taxes.
All refunds will be returned to the original credit card used to make the purchase.
Please allow a reasonable time for the refund to be credited to your account.
We do not issue refunds for DNA test kits that are already being processed in our laboratory or that have already been processed.
Once a DNA sample has been sent to our laboratory and checked in, no part of the full cost of the DNA testing kit will be refunded.
Note that scientific procedures can sometimes be delayed for a variety of reasons.
Test times may vary depending on laboratory volume and biological sample quality.
The expected delivery dates of the results are therefore forecasts and not a guarantee of delivery.
The lab may not be able to process your sample and the lab process may introduce errors.
If your DNA sample testing fails, we will send you a new DNA test kit at no additional cost so that you can provide us with a new DNA sample.
The DNA test kit will be shipped to the address we have on our records at the time of purchase.
Even for processing that meets our high standards, a small, unknown portion of the data generated during the laboratory process may be uninterpretable or incorrect (“Laboratory Error”).
Since this possibility is known in advance, users are not entitled to a refund when these lab errors occur.
4. Price Changes
Prices may be changed by MyHeritage from time to time.
Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
Disclaimers
a. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall MyHeritage, its officers, agents, representatives, employees, licensors and partners be liable for any false or inaccurate information related to the Service, whether or not provided by users of the website , Members, our advertisers or collaborators, or by any device or program used in connection with or in the operation of the Site or Services.
MyHeritage is not liable for any implications of the DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, whether correct or incorrect.
b. MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any Member or other users of the Site.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall we be liable for any loss or damage, including loss of data, injury or death, or invasion of privacy, as a result of the disclosure of information, arising out of any use of the Website or of the Service, as a result of information on the Website or in transmissions from members or other users, or from any interactions between or among members or other users of the Website, whether online or offline.
c. THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES AND WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
The changes to the content are made continuously.
i.e. MyHeritage assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to or alteration of any User or Member communications; and shall not be liable for problems or technical malfunctions of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of e-mail or players due to technical problems or congestion on the Internet or any website, or any combination thereof responsible.
MyHeritage and its affiliated companies shall not be liable for any injury or damage to computer equipment caused to any user of the website, member or other person in connection with or resulting from the use of the website, viewing, playing or downloading any materials or from the Website or otherwise in connection with the Service.
e. The Service and Website are provided "as is" and "as available" and, except to the extent otherwise prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any and all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and satisfactory quality, or that the website will be available at a particular time or place, without interruption and with the assurance that any defects or errors will be corrected or that the service will be free of Viruses or other harmful components.
We do not guarantee any specific results from using the Service.
The Service may contain links to third party websites that we do not own or control.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, policies or practices of any third-party websites.
You expressly release us from any liability arising from the use of third-party websites or services resulting therefrom.
We do not guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any specific practice, resource, test, physician or other healthcare provider, drug, biologic, medical device, or other practice or opinion, or any product or service provided by any third party available through the Service or advertised or offered on a linked website, or appeared in a banner or other advertisement, or other information that may be mentioned on the website.
We will in no way monitor transactions between you and third party suppliers of products or services.
We and our third party suppliers make no representations as to the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the content of the website made available to you for any purpose.
In no event shall we or our third party suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, special or any other damages, including but not limited to lost profits, loss of data or any other damages, whether in contract, tort, equity or any other legal theory thereof, even if the possibility was pointed out.
f. MyHeritage may, in its sole discretion, but has no obligation, to view, review, screen, remove, or edit the DNA Results and DNA Reports.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall MyHeritage (or its third party suppliers) be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including arising out of the use or inability to use the Service or any part thereof, even if we been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our liability (or that of our third party supplier) to you or any third party for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the promotion shall at all times be limited, if at all, to the amount you pay us during the Term of membership paid for the Service.
We shall not be liable for any (i) errors, errors or inaccuracies in any Content; (ii) personal injury or property damage of any kind arising out of access to and use of the Service; (iii) unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all information stored therein; (iv) interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (V) any bug, virus, trojan horse or the like that may be transmitted to or through the Service; and/or (vi) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of using the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory.
The foregoing limitations of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the case law of applicable jurisdiction.
Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some of the limitations may not apply to you.
IF YOU ARE NOT SATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SERVICE OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICE.
Damage payment
You agree to indemnify MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and third parties acting on our behalf and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees from any loss, liability, claim for compensation and or indemnify and hold harmless any claim, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or access to the Service, your breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your warranties set forth above and/or any information you post on the Website or otherwise send to us or may arise through the Service to third parties.
Statute of limitations relating to the DNA Services
You agree that, regardless of any statute or statute to the contrary (to the extent permitted by applicable law), any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the DNA Services or this Section shall be resolved within one (1) year must be filed after such claim or action has arisen or be barred forever.
Additional Member Terms
1. Registration and Security
A. As part of the registration process, you will provide your email address, full name and choose a password.
You must provide us with accurate, complete and current Registration Information.
Failure to meet this requirement constitutes a breach of this Agreement.
You understand that you will not (i) use the name or email address of another person with intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use the name or email address of anyone other than yourself without permission; (iii) provide an incorrect year or date of birth; or (iv) use any designation as a name or email address which we, in our sole discretion, deem objectionable.
B. You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service, unless the law of the country you live in or from where you are using the Service requires otherwise (see the "Underage Users" section for more information " further down).
Registration and login to the Site is intended to confirm that you are over 13 years of age.
If you are over 13 but under 18, you will be required to provide a parental or guardian consent form in order to use the Service (see the “Minors” section below for more information).
C. You are responsible for any use or activity on the Website through your password.
Sharing your password to allow others to access the Site is expressly prohibited and is a breach of this Agreement.
You must notify us by regular mail or email at privacy@myheritage.com of any suspicious and unauthorized use of your membership, or any known or suspected breach of security.
Any fraudulent, abusive or otherwise unlawful activity may, at our sole discretion, be grounds for termination of your membership and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
2. Changes to this Agreement and the Service
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or the Services at any time.
Changes to the services will be announced on the website.
If any part of this Agreement or any modification to the Agreement for the Services is unacceptable to you or causes you to be no longer in compliance with the Agreement, you should stop using the Service.
Continued use of the Services now or after changes to this Agreement will mean that you have accepted and are bound by the changes.
It is therefore important that you check the version currently available from time to time to ensure that you are up to date and aware of any changes.
Whenever this Agreement undergoes substantial changes, the updated marker will appear immediately after the "Terms and Conditions" link leading to this Agreement at the bottom of the Service's pages.
The mark adjusted will be removed after 30 days at the latest or when you have called up the adjusted terms of use.
Whichever comes first.
3. Underage Users
Except with respect to DNA Services (see "Eligibility" subsection, in the DNA Services section), we require individuals to be at least 13 years of age before creating an account on MyHeritage.
In some jurisdictions the age limit may be higher.
Providing false account opening information is always a violation of this Agreement.
This also applies to the registration of an account for children under the age of 13 by older parties.
If your minor child (child under the age of 13) has opened an account with MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete the account by logging into their account, "Member Account Settings" from the top right corner menu select and click on "Delete my user account".
If you wish to report to us an account owned by a minor, please email us at privacy@myheritage.com with details.
We will promptly delete accounts of children under the age of 13 who are reported to us.
In most jurisdictions, the Service (except DNA Services) requires a person to be at least 13 years of age before opening an Account.
We strive to create consistent standards for a global service, but also strive to respect local laws.
In compliance with the laws of Spain, Israel and South Korea, we require people residing there to be at least 14 years old before opening an account and using the Service (but not the DNA Services).
If your minor child (child under the age of 14) living in Spain, Israel or South Korea has opened an account with MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete the account by logging into their account, the "Member Account Settings " from the Member Account menu in the upper right corner and click on "Delete my user account".
If you wish to report to us an account owned by a minor living in Spain, Israel or South Korea, please email us at privacy@myheritage.com with the details.
We will immediately delete the account of any child under the age of 14 from Spain, Israel and South Korea who is reported to us.
4. Teenagers
Except in relation to DNA Services (see "Participation Permissions" subsection, in the "DNA Services" section), minors (individuals under the age of 18) may use the Service provided they are not minors (see "Minor Users" section above) and provided they obtain parental or guardian consent for use of the Service ("Consent").
Minors may not use the Service without consent until they have reached the age of 18.
In some countries, the Service may display a parental/guardian consent form required by law when a user chooses to register or log in to the Service as a youth.
The consent form will require a parent or legal guardian to enter their full name and email address, check that they are a parent or legal guardian of the young person, accept this Agreement and the privacy policy of this service, and accept responsibility for the Accept use of the service by the young person.
If this consent form is displayed, the service cannot be used until this is completed.
If the user is not a juvenile, the form allows to confirm this and enter a correct year of birth.
Once the Consent Form has been completed and submitted, the Service will only document the details of the consent form, but will not further use the details provided about the parent or guardian.
Disputes and Governing Law
This Agreement and any dispute relating to the Service will be governed solely under the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to conflict of law rules, and you agree that any judicial proceeding relating to the performance, performance and/or enforcement of this Agreement shall have exclusive venue in Tel Aviv, Israel is.
You agree that the Service shall be deemed passive and shall not result in personal jurisdiction over MyHeritage, either specifically or generally, in any jurisdiction other than Israel.
In the unlikely event that we have been unable to resolve a dispute with you after attempting to do so informally, all claims must be brought in the individual capacity of each party and not as a plaintiff's representative or member a class of any alleged class action or representative proceeding.
You agree that by entering into this Agreement, each of you and us waives the right to participate in a class action.
The Entire Agreement
This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy, the DNA Consent Statement (the "Consent Statement") and any other legal notices or terms posted by MyHeritage on the Website (as applicable), constitute the entire agreement between you and MyHeritage regarding the Website and the Service.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement and/or the Consent Statement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
This Agreement and/or the Consent Statement are fully permitted by law.
If any provision of this Agreement and/or the Consent is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and/or the Consent and the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions shall not be affected.
This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted under this Agreement, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in breach of this will be null and void.
If we provide you with a translation of the English version of this Agreement, the English version will control in the event of any conflict.
Contact us
You may contact us if you have any concerns or questions about this Agreement, our website, the Service, or any related topic.
Write to the address below or visit our Help Center.
customer service
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel
https://www.myheritage.com
