Conditions
Thank you for using Pinterest.
These general terms and conditions (“GTC”) apply to your access to the Pinterest website as well as the apps, APIs and widgets from Pinterest (“Pinterest” or the “Service”) and their use.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
By accessing and using Pinterest, you accept these terms and conditions, our data protection guidelines, the cookie guidelines and our community guidelines as binding.
Put more simply
Every company has its terms and conditions.
And these are ours.
1. Our service
Pinterest's mission is to help you discover and do what you love.
Therefore, based on your activities on our and other websites, we show you content that we believe is relevant, interesting and individually appealing to you.
In order to provide our service, we must be able to identify you and your interests.
Some of the content shown comes from advertisers.
As part of our service, we try to ensure that even the advertised content is relevant and interesting to you.
Advertised content is clearly marked.
Put more simply
Pinterest's mission is to help you discover and do what you love.
That is why the service is tailored to you.
In order for everything you see on Pinterest to be relevant, we need to find out more about your interests.
2. Use of Pinterest
a. Who can use Pinterest
You are only entitled to use Pinterest if you can enter into a binding contract with Pinterest and comply with these terms and conditions and all applicable laws.
When creating your Pinterest account, you are obliged to provide complete and truthful information.
You cannot use Pinterest's advertising service if this is prohibited due to US sanctions.
Use and access is prohibited to children and adolescents under 13 years of age.
If you reside in the EEA, you will not be allowed to use Pinterest until you have reached the minimum age for consent to data processing in accordance with the laws of your country.
Using Pinterest may include downloading software to a computer, smartphone, tablet, or other device.
You agree that we may update the software automatically and that these terms and conditions also apply to these updates.
b. Our license to you
In accordance with these terms and conditions and our guidelines (including our community guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to use our service.
c. Commercial use of Pinterest
If you would like to use Pinterest for commercial purposes, create a company account and agree to our terms and conditions for companies.
When you set up an account on behalf of a company, organization, or other institution, the term “you” refers to you personally as well as to the organization.
You affirm that you are authorized to grant all authorizations and licenses from these terms and conditions and to accept these terms and conditions as binding in the name and for the organization.
Put more simply
Pinterest cannot be used if you are under 13 (or older in some countries).
If you're using Pinterest for business, you'll need to set up a business account.
3. Your content
a. Post content
Pinterest allows you to post content such as photos, comments, and other materials.
Everything you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is known as "User Content".
All rights to the user content that you post on Pinterest, as well as the sole responsibility for it, remain with you.
Put more simply
Content posted on Pinterest is still yours.
b. Use of your content by Pinterest and other users
For the exclusive purpose of operating, developing, providing and using Pinterest, you grant us and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, and display your user content on Pinterest reproduce, repeal, modify, create derivative works from, demonstrate and distribute it.
No condition of these terms and conditions restricts any other rights of Pinterests to the respective user content, for example from other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or edit user content or to change the way it is used on Pinterest at our own discretion.
This also includes user content that we believe violates these terms and conditions, our community guidelines or other guidelines.
Put more simply
If you post your content on Pinterest, this can be displayed and noted by other users.
Don't post pornographic material or spam, and be nice to other Pinterest users.
c. Storage of your content
After canceling or deactivating your account or if you remove user content from Pinterest, we can save, archive or check your user content for a reasonable period of time.
Pinterest and its users can keep your content that has been saved or shared by other users on Pinterest and continue to use, save, display, reproduce, further pin, modify, derive work from it, present and distribute.
Put more simply
By posting content, you give us the authority to use it to provide and improve Pinterest.
Copies of content you've shared with others will be retained even after you've deleted the content from your account.
d. Feedback provided by you
We love to hear from our users and are always interested in ways we can improve Pinterest.
If you submit comments, ideas or feedback, we are entitled to use them without restriction and free of charge.
By accepting your submissions, Pinterest does not waive its legal right to use similar or related feedback that was already known to Pinterest, that was developed by its employees or that was provided to Pinterest by others.
Put more simply
Your suggestions can be used to improve Pinterest.
4. Copyright Policy
Pinterest has adopted and implemented its copyright policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable copyright laws.
Please see our Copyright Policy for more information.
Put more simply
We respect the copyright.
You should do that too.
5. Security
The safety of our users is important to us.
Although we strive to protect your content and your account, Pinterest cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not succeed in breaching our security measures.
We ask you to keep your password safe.
Please notify us immediately if you discover that the security of your account has been compromised or that it has been accessed in an unauthorized manner.
Put more simply
You can help us fight spammers by following the security tips below.
6. Third Party Links, Websites, and Services
On Pinterest there are links to websites, services, special offers or other events or activities of third parties or advertisers that do not belong to Pinterest and are also not controlled by Pinterest.
Pinterest does not recommend these websites, information, materials, products, or services from third parties, and is not responsible for them.
Access to the website, the service or the content of third parties is at your own risk.
You agree that Pinterest is not liable for your access to websites, services or content of third parties or for the use of the same.
Put more simply
Pins are links to content that is not on Pinterest.
For the most part, this content is wonderful, but we are not responsible if it isn't.
7. Termination
Pinterest can withdraw or suspend your access authorization for any reason after notification.
We are entitled to terminate or suspend your access immediately and without notice if there is a legitimate reason, such as a violation of our community guidelines.
Even after termination, you are still bound by sections 3 and 8 of these terms and conditions.
Put more simply
Pinterest is a free service.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to refuse to provide our services, but will notify you accordingly.
8. Release from Liability
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e. you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our terms and conditions under Section 2 (c) of these terms, you agree to Pinterest Inc, Pinterest Europe Ltd, their affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and to hold agents harmless from all claims, lawsuits, legal proceedings, disputes, claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses.
This includes reasonable attorney and accounting fees, including the cost of defending claims, lawsuits, or proceedings by third parties in relation to your use of our services or a breach of these terms and conditions.
Put more simply
If we get sued about something your business does on Pinterest, you'll have to pay our costs.
In addition, you should have set up a company account anyway and agreed to our terms and conditions for companies.
9. Disclaimers of Liability
Our service and all content on Pinterest are provided on an "as is" basis and without any express or implied guarantees.
Pinterest expressly rejects any further warranties and conditions of customary trade, suitability for a specific purpose, non-infringement of property rights and warranties that result from regular behavior, custom or trade.
Pinterest assumes no responsibility or liability for user content that you, another user or a third party posts or transmits through our service.
You acknowledge that you may be confronted with user content that is false, offensive, unsuitable for minors or is otherwise unsuitable for your purposes.
We do not exclude or limit unlimited liability to users in the EEA for gross negligence, willful misconduct, death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or willful misconduct.
Put more simply
Unfortunately, users post inappropriate content on sites like Pinterest.
We take this issue very seriously, but you may still encounter it before we can fix it.
If you notice such inappropriate content, please report it to us here.
10. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, PINTEREST ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, FOR THE DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSS OF PROFITS, OTHERWISE, OTHERWISE, OVERLOOKED, OVERLOOKED, OVERLOOKED, OVERLOOKED, OVERLOOKED, OTHERWISE OF THE DATA THAT OCCURS, OCCURS, OCCURS, OCCURS, OCCURS, OCCURS, OCCURS, OCCURS, OVERLOOK, OUR RESPONSIBILITY SITUATION MAY ARISE FROM: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR YOUR USE, OR THE INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SAME, (B) THE CONTENT OF THIRD PARTIES AND YOUR REACTION TO THE SERVICE, IN PARTICULAR RELEASE, AND DIFFERENTLY USERS OR THIRD PARTIES, NOR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR PROHIBITED USE, OR MODIFICATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSION OR CONTENT.
PINTEREST'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATED TO THE SERVICE SHALL BE LIMITED TO ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($ 100) IN ANY CASE.
The above provision does not apply to users in the EEA in the event of damage.
Instead, Pinterest's liability is limited in this case to the foreseeable damage that arises as a result of the breach of the contractually essential contractual obligations.
Pinterest is not liable for damage resulting from a breach of other, insignificant duties of care.
This limitation of liability does not apply to statutory liability that cannot be limited, nor to liability for death or injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.
In addition, it does not apply to express assurances to you.
Put more simply
We strive to provide you with the best possible service, but we cannot promise that everything will always be perfect.
We are not responsible for various things.
If you feel that we are responsible, then we should handle it in an appropriate way.
11. Arbitration
If you have a dispute with Pinterest, you agree to contact us first to resolve the dispute out of court if possible.
If we need to contact you, we will use the email address given in your Pinterest account.
If the out-of-court settlement is not possible, we hereby agree to settle all claims, disputes or disputes arising from or in connection with these terms and conditions (excluded from this are injunctive relief and equitable claims) in the context of binding arbitration before the civil court for minor cases .
Arbitration is a more informal way to resolve disputes than legal proceedings.
In arbitration, for example, a neutral arbitrator is used instead of a judge or a jury, more limited disclosure is necessary and the proceedings can only be checked to a limited extent by the ordinary courts.
Despite the limited formality, arbitrators can award the same damages and injunctive relief as a court.
You agree that by accepting these terms and conditions, you will comply with the U.S. Recognize the Federal Arbitration Act as governing the interpretation and enforcement of this provision and that both parties waive the right to a jury trial or class action.
The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve disputes regarding the interpretation, applicability and enforcement of this binding arbitration agreement.
This arbitration clause will remain in effect even after this contract has been terminated and your Pinterest account has been terminated.
Any arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with the applicable consumer dispute rules, unless otherwise specified in this document.
You can find the relevant forms at www.adr.org.
Subject to any other agreements with Pinterest, the arbitration will be conducted in the district of your residence.
All costs for the AAA application as well as processing and arbitration fees are to be borne by the respective party in accordance with the provisions of the AAA.
However, Pinterest is willing to pay a reasonable amount for your filing, processing and arbitration fees, provided that your claim for damages does not exceed $ 75,000 and is not unjustified under the standards set out in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 (b).
If your claim is $ 10,000 or less, we grant you the right to decide whether the arbitration process should be conducted in accordance with AAA guidelines solely on the basis of the documents provided to the arbitrator or in a telephone or oral hearing.
If the claim is in excess of $ 10,000, then the right to a court hearing is subject to AAA guidelines.
Regardless of the form of the arbitration, the arbitrator is obliged to issue a written statement of the reasons for the decision, in which the essential facts and the resulting consequences for the decision are presented.
The arbitration award can be submitted to any competent court.
Nothing in this article prevents the parties from taking legal action in relation to injunctive relief or other equity claims regarding data security, intellectual property, or unauthorized access to the Service.
All claims must be brought by the parties in person and not as primary or secondary plaintiff in a class, class or class action; the arbitration tribunal cannot combine claims by several persons unless both parties agree to this step.
By declaring your consent to these terms and conditions, you agree that you and Pinterest waive the right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action.
YOUR INDIVIDUAL STATUTORY RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
To the extent that claims, legal disputes or disputes relating to Pinterest or our services are not arbitral under applicable laws or other provisions, you and Pinterest agree that all claims or legal disputes relating to Pinterest will be resolved solely in accordance with Article 12 of these terms and conditions.
Article 11 does not apply to users in the EEA.
12. Applicable law and place of jurisdiction
The law of the state of California applies to these terms and conditions, disregarding the conflict of laws.
The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes relating to this contract is the judicial district of San Francisco, California, under the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
Lawsuits will be handled under California law.
This does not apply to consumers in the EEA.
Any protection of consumers in the EEA in accordance with the applicable laws of the country of residence and the jurisdiction of the relevant national courts remain unaffected by this provision.
Put more simply
The Bay Area is beautiful this time of year.
And the best part is that it doesn't matter what time of year it is!
You definitely have to sue us here.
In the EEA this only applies if you are a retailer, not a consumer.
Consumers in the EEA can sue us in the courts of their home country.
13. General Conditions
Notification procedure and changes to these terms and conditions
We reserve the right to determine the form and manner in which notifications will be sent to you.
Legal documents can also be served electronically.
These terms and conditions may change from time to time, but the current version will always be available on our website.
We will notify you of any revisions that we consider material.
If you continue to use Pinterest after the changes come into force, you acknowledge the new terms and conditions as binding.
If you do not agree to the new terms, stop using Pinterest.
Put more simply
In the event of a significant change to the terms and conditions, you will be informed.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer allowed to use Pinterest.
transmission
You may not transfer these terms and conditions and all rights and licenses in accordance with them to third parties, but Pinterest can transfer them to third parties without restriction.
Any attempt to transfer or assign to a third party is a violation of these terms and conditions and has no validity.
For consumers in the EEA: Pinterest and you are authorized to transfer this agreement and all rights and licenses derived from it to third parties.
In the event of such a transfer by Pinterest, you are entitled to terminate the contract with immediate effect by deactivating your account.
Pinterest will notify you of such a transfer within a reasonable period of time.
Entire contract / severability clause
These terms and conditions, the data protection policy and all changes and other agreements that you make with Pinterest form the complete contract between you and Pinterest with regard to the service.
If any provision in these terms and conditions is found to be invalid, this provision will be restricted or declared null and void as necessary.
The remaining provisions of these terms and conditions retain their unrestricted validity.
No waiver
No waiver in these terms and conditions will constitute a general or continued waiver of this or any other provision.
Pinterest's failure to exercise any right or provision under these Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
Parties
Users in the USA conclude this contract with Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
For users who are based outside the USA, these terms and conditions constitute a contract with Pinterest Europe Ltd.
an Irish company registered in Dublin at the following address: Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Put more simply
Who is responsible for you depends on where you live.
Effective date: May 01, 2018
