Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use
An introduction to the Quora Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to Quora!
Here is a brief summary of the key points of our terms and conditions:
It is our mission to share and increase the world's knowledge.
Quora provides a platform for its users to ask questions and network with other people who provide unique insights and high quality answers.
This encourages people to learn from each other and understand the world better.
You own the content you publish; at the same time you grant us and the other Quora users certain rights and the license to use them.
The details of these licenses are set out in Section 3 (c) below.
You are responsible for the content you publish.
This includes ensuring that you have the necessary rights to publish this content and that your content does not violate the legal claims of third parties (e.g. defamation) or other applicable law.
You can republish content from Quora elsewhere, provided that you refer to the content and respect the rights of the original author, including the "Not for reproduction" label.
We do not approve or verify the content posted by users.
Our content and materials are available to you "in the original version" and without any guarantee.
You are solely responsible for your own use of the Quora platform.
Contributions from lawyers, doctors, and other experts should not be used as a substitute for professional advice for your specific situation.
You agree to comply with the guidelines and guidelines of our platform.
By using Quora, you are also agreeing to our privacy policy and agree to abide by our Acceptable Use Policy, our Copyright Policy, and our Trademark Policy.
There are different ways for you to give us feedback.
If you believe that someone has violated your intellectual property rights, violated other laws or against Quora's guidelines, you can submit a report via the contact form or use our product's own report function.
We are delighted that you want to join Quora and recommend that you read the full terms and conditions of use.
Quora Terms and Conditions of Use
Last updated: October 23, 2018
Welcome to Quora!
Quora is a platform for expanding and sharing knowledge, motivating people to learn from one another and better understanding the world.
These Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use ("Terms") carry out the agreements ("Agreement") between you and Quora, Inc. ("Quora", "we" or "us").
They regulate your use of the products and services that we offer through our websites and applications (under the collective term "Quora").
Please read them carefully, because by using Quora you agree to these conditions.
Quora's mission
It is Quora's mission to share and expand the world's knowledge.
Quora is a platform where you can ask questions and network with other people who provide unique insights and high quality answers.
This encourages people to learn from each other and understand the world better.
The use of Quora
Who can use it.
The use of Quora is prohibited for anyone under the age of 13.
You hereby declare that you are of legal age in the jurisdiction in which you live or, if you are not, your parents or legal guardians must agree to these Terms and Conditions and confirm that they accept this agreement on their behalf and assume responsibility for yours Take over usage.
Registration.
When you create a profile on Quora, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself.
You agree that you provide truthful information, including your real name, when you create a user account on Quora.
We will treat the information you provide to us during registration in accordance with our data protection guidelines.
You should make sure to keep your password confidential.
Privacy Policy.
Our privacy practices are set out in our privacy policy.
Your use of the Quora platform is subject to our privacy policy.
Acceptable Use Policy.
You agree to abide by the Acceptable Use Guidelines at all times in the course of your interactions with others on Quora.
Completion.
You can close your account at any time by navigating to the account settings and deactivating your user account.
We can close or block your user account on Quora if you violate one of the Quora guidelines or for other reasons.
Changes in Quora.
We are constantly striving to improve your user experience on Quora.
We may need to add or change features and we can do so without notice to you.
Feedback.
We welcome your feedback and suggestions on how we can improve Quora.
Don't hesitate to give us your feedback at quora.com/contact.
If you give us feedback, you agree to grant us the right, at our own discretion, to use, publish or otherwise use the feedback, in whole or in part, without restriction and without compensation.
Your content
Definition of your content.
You can add posts, texts, photos, videos, links and files to Quora and share them with others.
We summarize all data that you upload, publish or show to others on Quora under the collective term "Your content".
You consent and agree that your content may be visible to the general public as part of your use of Quora.
Property.
You or your licensors, as the case may be, retain the copyright and other intellectual property rights in your content, subject to the non-exclusive rights you grant us below.
License and permission to use your content.
By submitting, publishing or displaying your content on Quora, you grant Quora and its affiliated companies a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, transferable, sublicensable (over several levels) license for the use, further distribution, reproduction, Processing, adapting, modifying, creating derivatives, publishing, transmitting, storing, displaying and distributing, and otherwise using your content in connection with the business operations or the use of Quora or the promotion, advertising or marketing of Quora, in all media and all distribution channels (which are known today or will be developed later).
You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make your content available to other companies, organizations, business partners or individuals who work with Quora to syndicate, broadcast, redistribute or publish your content on other media and distribution channels .
This license also includes the right for other Quora users to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, change, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, display and distribute your content in accordance with our Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use translate, communicate and make available to the public.
If your answers should not be translated by other users, you can globally reject the translation in your profile settings or exclude certain answers from the translation.
As soon as you publish an answer to a question, you can edit your answer at any time or delete it from the public display on www.quora.com, unless the answers are anonymously published.
However, we may not be able to control the removal of the response from being displayed on syndicated channels or other previously used distribution methods outside of www.quora.com.
Quora can remove suspected spam from your responses.
As soon as you publish a question, it can be edited or deleted by other users or by Quora at any time.
All edits and changes you have made can be visible to other users.
Quora's right to copy, display, transmit, publish, perform, distribute, store, modify, and otherwise use any question you post, and to sub-license those rights to others, is perpetual and irrevocable to the extent required by law permitted except as otherwise specified in this agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may preserve your content and may also disclose your content and related information if required by law or in good faith that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) legal process, comply with applicable law or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use; (c) respond to allegations that your content infringes the rights of a third party; (d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Quora, its users, or the public.
You are aware that we can modify, adapt or create derivatives of your content in order to transmit, display or distribute it via computer networks, devices, service providers and in various media.
We can also remove your content or refuse to publish it, in whole or in part, and at any time.
You also give us permission and authority to act as your non-exclusive agent to take enforcement action against any unauthorized use of your content by third parties outside of Quora or if it violates our terms and conditions.
Your responsibility for your content.
By posting your content on Quora, you represent and warrant to us that: (i) you own the property rights or that you have received all necessary licenses or authorizations from all necessary parties to use your content and grant us the right To use your content as provided in this Agreement, and (ii) that the posting of your content does not infringe any intellectual property rights or personal rights of others or any applicable law or regulation.
You take full responsibility for ensuring that you avoid infringing the intellectual property or personal rights of others or violating laws and regulations in connection with your content.
You are responsible for ensuring that your content does not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy, the copyright policy, trademark policy, other published Quora policies, or any applicable law or regulation.
You agree to pay all license fees, costs, and other monies owed to any other person as a result of your content.
Our content and materials
Definition of our content and materials.
All intellectual property in or in connection with the Quora platform (including, but not limited to, our software, the Quora trademarks, the Quora logo, but excluding your content) is owned by Quora Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates Companies or content posted by other Quora users that have been licensed to us (collectively, "Our content and materials").
Data.
All data that Quora collects about your or others' use of Quora ("Data") is owned by Quora Inc., its subsidiaries and subsidiaries.
For the sake of clarity, data does not include your content and is separate from our content and materials.
Our license to you.
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access our content and materials and data, as made available to you on Quora, in connection with your use of Quora, subject to the terms and conditions and terms of use of this Agreement.
Quora grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to republish our content and materials anywhere on the Internet provided that: (a) such content was added to Quora after April 22, 2010; (b) the user who created the relevant content has not expressly marked that content as not for reproduction on Quora; (c) you do not change the content; (d) You attribute it to Quora by name in readable text and with a link (an <a> HTML anchor tag) that can be followed by humans and machines and that links back to the page on which the original source of the content is displayed on http : //quora.com on every page that contains our content and materials; (e) Upon request, either by Quora or by a user who contributed to the content, you remove the name of the user from the content that the user has subsequently anonymized; (f) you make reasonable efforts, at the request of either Quora or a user who has contributed to the content, to update specific content to the latest version on Quora; and (g) you use reasonable efforts, at the request of either Quora or any user who contributed to the Content, to delete Content that has been deleted from Quora or has been marked as not for reproduction; (h) You do not republish more than a small portion of our content and materials.
In exercising these rights, you may not, implicitly or explicitly, in any way claim or imply that there is any association with, promotion or advertising of Quora or by any user on Quora without our separate, prior and express written permission.
We can terminate our license to you at any time for any reason.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to distribute any content on Quora or to remove any content.
Except for the rights and license granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and grant no other rights or licenses, implied or otherwise.
Permitted use.
If you run a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, data mining tool, mass download tool, wget utility, or similar tool for collecting or extracting data, you can access Quora subject to the the following additional rules: (i) you must use a descriptive user-agent header; (ii) You must always follow the robots.txt; (iii) Your access must not interfere with any aspect of the functioning of Quora; and (iv) You must clearly indicate how you can be contacted, either in your user agent string or on your website if you have one.
No approval or verification.
Please note that Quora includes access to content, products and services from third parties and offers interactions with third parties.
Participation or availability on Quora does not result in approval or verification from us.
We assume no liability for or information about the truthfulness, completeness, or currency of any content posted by anyone on Quora.
Property.
You acknowledge and agree that our content and materials remain the property of Quora's users or Quora.
The content, information, and services available on Quora are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark and other laws, and you acknowledge that those rights are valid and applicable.
Integrated service providers
You can integrate another online service provider, such as a social network ("integrated service provider"), directly into your user account on Quora.
By activating an integrated service, you give us permission to pass on your login information and other user data to and receive from the integrated service provider.
You can find more information about Quora’s use, storage and disclosure of information in connection with you and your use of integrated services within Quora in our data protection guidelines.
Please note that your use of each integrated service provider and their own handling of your data and information is solely determined by their terms of use, data protection guidelines and other guidelines.
Learn more about specific offers on Quora
Digests.
When you register with Quora, the service includes receiving a digest with questions and answers that may be of interest to you.
You can unsubscribe from receiving this digest and adjust other communication settings by going to the "E-Mail & Notifications" section of your user account profile, as described in our privacy policy.
Advertisements.
It may refer to Quora advertisements related to content or information on Quora, inquiries made through Quora, or other information in an effort to make them relevant to you.
We reserve the right to make changes to the types and scope of Quora advertising.
Taking into account the fact that Quora allows you to access and use Quora, you consent to Quora and third-party providers and partners being able to place such advertisements on Quora.
If you want to operate as an advertiser, you must agree to separate and additional terms with us regarding the provision of advertising services on Quora.
Contributors from the legal, medical & other professional fields.
Some users who post content belong to legal, medical, and other licensed professions (collectively referred to as "professional contributors").
Content posted by professional contributors should not be used as a substitute for advice from an expert appropriate to your particular situation.
Quora provides certain disclaimer template wording that professional contributors can edit and include in their responses.
Ethics vary by state or location, and it is the responsibility of the Professional Contributor to determine and provide disclaimer language according to their profession and the content provided.
Buttons, Links und Widgets.
You have permission to use Quora's buttons, links and widgets subject to these Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use (including the disclaimers and limitations of liability) and provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets only links to the Quora platform; (b) you do not modify such buttons, links or widgets or the code associated with them in any way; (c) you do not use such buttons, links or widgets in any way that implies or suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors or recommends the website on which such buttons, links or widgets are used; and (d) the use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the page on which such buttons, links and widgets are used, do not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy.
Third Party Web Resources and Services.
Quora may also offer you the opportunity to follow links to other websites or to interact with products or services from third parties.
You assume all risks in your use of such websites or resources.
Services that require a separate agreement.
Certain functions or services may require that you conclude a separate and additional written agreement prior to use.
Reports of infringement of your intellectual property rights, Quora guidelines, or applicable law
We have a specific process for reporting violations of your intellectual property rights or other violations of the Quora guidelines or applicable law.
Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
We have adopted and implemented a Copyright Policy and a Trademark Policy.
For more information on how to do this, including detailed information on how to submit a removal request if you believe content on Quora infringes your intellectual property rights, please see our Copyright and Trademarks Policy.
For the sake of simplicity, we provide you with the following form for complaining about copyright infringement and the form for complaining about trademark infringement, which you should use for the fastest possible processing, where applicable.
Reports of other violations.
If you believe that any content on Quora violates Quora's Acceptable Use Policy or otherwise violates applicable law (other than copyright and trademark violations) or other Quora policies, please submit the following form to file a complaint for other violation.
We are not obliged to delete content that you personally find offensive or offensive.
We aim to respond promptly to requests for content removal, in accordance with our guidelines and applicable law.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY, AS IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF THE INSTANCES OF QUORA TO YOU.
"INSTANCES OF QUORA" MEANS QUORA INC.,
AS WELL AS ALL BRANCHES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATED COMPANIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS, AS WELL AS THEIR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES AND REPRESENTATIVES.
EVERY FOLLOWING REGULATION IS APPLICABLE TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
WE PROVIDE QUORA, INCLUDING OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO NETWORK WITH OTHERS, "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SAY THE INSTANCES OF Quora WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS, OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICES, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE .
QUORA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR: (i) CONTENT PUBLISHED BY A USER OR A THIRD PARTY, (ii) ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE, PRODUCTS THAT THIRD PARTY PROVIDES, OR A THIRD PARTY SERVICES OFFER WILL OR BE ACCESSIBLE TO YOU VIA QUORA, INCLUDING INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDERS OR PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTORS; (iii) THE QUALITY OR BEHAVIOR OF ANY THIRD PARTY WITH WHICH YOU COME IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF QUORA; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE, OR MODIFICATION OF YOUR CONTENT.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) QUORA WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) QUORA IS UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION OBTAINED BY USING QUORA, FROM A PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY OTHER USER, WILL BE ACCURATE AND RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED OR PURCHASED THROUGH QUORA IS SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT THE INSTANCES OF QUORA, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY LEGAL INTERPRETATION OF LIABILITY.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING AGREE YOU ON THAT THE AUTHORITIES OF Quora EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW INCLUDING BUT NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, RESULTING, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, damage to reputation, OR LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF WE HAVE THE POSSIBILITY OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES HAVE BEEN KNOWN OR IF SUCH DAMAGE IS DETECTED) ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE QUORA.
YOUR ONLY REMEDY IN THE EVENT OF DIS SATISFACTION WITH QUORA IS TO STOP USING QUORA.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA'S MAXIMUM TOTAL LIABILITY RECOGNIZED BY YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDED IN CONNECTION WITH QUORA OR WITH THIS AGREEMENT, IS RESTRICTED TO THE SUMMARY OF THE ZINDORA RESTRICTED BY QUORA IN THE QUORA. 12) MONTHS BEFORE THE LIABILITY ACTION HAS BEEN PAID.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN PART OR WHOLE, AND SECTIONS 8 (c), 8 (d) AND 8 (e) ABOVE SECTIONS 8 (c), 8 (d) AND 8 (e) APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY TO THE WHOLE NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS ARE THE RESULT OF QUORA'S NEGLIGENT, SCIENTIFIC, EASY, OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
compensation
You agree to hold, indemnify and defend Quora instances for all lawsuits and third party costs (including reasonable attorney fees) arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of Quora, (ii) yours Content, (iii) your conduct or interactions with other Quora users, or (iv) your breach of any part of this Agreement.
We will promptly notify you of any such lawsuit and provide you (at your expense) with adequate assistance in defending against such lawsuit.
You allow us to participate in such defense and you will not resolve any such claim without our prior written consent.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense of any matter that falls within your scope of indemnity.
In this case you are no longer obliged to defend us in this case.
Dispute settlement
This Agreement, and any lawsuit arising out of your use of Quora, will be governed by the laws of the state of California without regard to or application of any conflict between laws in your state or country of residence.
Unless submitted to an arbitration tribunal as set out in the paragraph below, any lawsuit, litigation, or litigation arising out of your use of Quora will be held solely in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to and waive the jurisdiction and venue any objection due to an unfavorable place of jurisdiction.
For any claim (other than claims for injunctive relief and fair relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award requested is less than $ 10,000, the claiming party may choose to resolve the dispute with binding arbitration based on No show to clarify.
The party that selects such an arbitral tribunal must initiate the arbitration through the provider of an established alternative dispute resolution (ADR) that the parties have agreed on.
The ADR provider and the parties must adhere to the following rules: (a) the arbitration shall be held by phone, online and / or shall be based solely on written submissions as determined by the party initiating the arbitration; (b) the arbitration proceedings shall not require the parties or witnesses to appear in person unless both parties have agreed to do so; and c) any judicial decision on an arbitration award made in the course of the arbitration may be submitted in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Terms and Conditions
Changes to these Terms.
We may change this Agreement (including any policy, such as the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy, included in this Agreement) at any time and at our sole discretion.
If we add material terms to this Agreement, such change will take effect after we send you notification of the changed agreement.
Such notification will be made solely at our discretion and notification could be, for example, by email, as a posted note on Quora, or by other means.
You can view the agreement and our most important guidelines here at any time.
If you fail to terminate your user account or stop using Quora after receiving notification of the changes, you agree to the changed conditions.
If you do not agree to any of the changes, or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to terminate your account or stop using Quora.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
You agree that Quora operates in the United States and is considered a California resident and a passive service for the purposes of forensic investigation.
In all claims that are not subject to arbitration, you consent to such claims being brought before any competent federal or state court located in Santa Clara County, California and subject to the laws of the state of California and federal law, without Consideration for conflicts between legal provisions.
Use outside of the United States.
Quora expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty that Quora will comply with all applicable laws and regulations outside the United States.
If you use Quora outside of the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are solely responsible for complying with any various laws, regulations, or customs that may apply in connection with your use of Quora.
Export.
Quora is controlled and operated from our US offices in California.
The Quora software is subject to US export controls.
No Quora software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You represent that you do not (1) reside in a country that is embargoed by the US government or that has been designated by the US government as a "terrorism supportive" country, and (2) one U.S. Government List with Prohibited or Restricted Parties.
Applications and mobile devices.
If you access Quora via a Quora application, you acknowledge that this agreement only exists between you and Quora and not with any other application service provider or application platform provider (such as Apple Inc. or Google Inc.) that offers you the application available subject to their own terms of use.
Standard costs, data transfer rates, and other fees may apply, depending on how much you use Quora with a mobile device.
Endure.
The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2 (e) (Termination), 2 (g) (Feedback), Section 3 (Your Content), Sections 4 (a) - (b) and (d) - (f) (Our content and materials), Section 8 (Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability), Section 9 (Compensation), Section 10 (Dispute Resolution) and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice to users in California.
Pursuant to Section 1789.3 of the Civil Code of the State of California, California Internet users are provided with the following specific consumer rights notice: Quora is provided by Quora, Inc., located in Mountain View, California.
If you have a question or complaint regarding Quora, please contact Quora at support@quora.com.
California residents can call the Department of Consumer Affairs Consumer Information Division at 1625 N. Market Blvd.,
Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, USA, or call (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or, for the hearing impaired, write phone (800) 326-2297 or write phone (916) 322-1700 .
Government end-users.
All Quora software and related documents are "business articles" as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation”, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202 (where applicable).
In accordance with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (where applicable), the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are approved for use by the United States Government End User: (i) as business items only; and (ii) only with the rights granted to all other end users under this Agreement.
Transmission.
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement) without our prior written consent; any attempt to assign or transfer without complying with the foregoing will be void.
We can freely assign or transfer this Agreement.
This agreement is for the benefit of and is binding on the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors and agents.
Electronic communication.
You agree to receive communications from us in accordance with these agreements and applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, notices, information and other communications that we send you electronically meet all legal requirements that such communications must be made in writing.
Complete agreement / separability.
This Agreement supersedes all previous terms, agreements, discussions, and documents relating to Quora and forms the entire agreement between you and us in relation to Quora (excluding those services that require a separate written agreement with us in addition to this Agreement).
If any provision in this Agreement is deemed unenforceable, that provision will not affect the enforceability of the remaining terms of this Agreement, which will retain their full force and effect.
Interpretation.
Regarding the interpretation or interpretation of the terms of this Agreement: (i) the headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not intended to be taken into account; and (ii) there is no reason to believe that it will act in favor of either party Result of the role of legal advisor in the preparation of this agreement.
Announcements.
All notifications permitted or required under this Agreement, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, must be submitted in writing as follows to be valid: (i) if by us to you, then by email to the address, which is linked to your user account, and (ii) if from you to us, then via Legal@Quora.com.
Notifications are deemed to have been given (a) if to you, then if they were sent by email, and (b) if to us, then when received from us.
Relationship.
This agreement does not establish a joint venture, agency relationship, partnership or other form of joint venture between you and us.
Unless otherwise stated herein, neither party has the right to create any power or authority, any obligation or duty, express or implied, on behalf of the other party.
Waiver.
The waiver of any provision does not constitute a further or continued waiver of this provision or any other provision.
Our failure to exercise any right or provision under these agreements shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
Further assurances.
You consent to the signing of a written copy of this Agreement and all other documents and agree to take steps at our expense that we may request to confirm and execute the intentions of this Agreement and all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement .
Contact.
You can contact us at any time at de.quora.com/contact if you have any questions about these terms and conditions and terms of use.
Quora is a Delaware corporation located at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.
