Terms of Use
Last updated: February 2020
Who are we?
Skyscanner (“us”, “we” or “our” - depending on the context) provides online searches for travel (including price comparisons for flights, hotels and rental cars) and other travel services (the “Services”) via our websites, apps and other platforms (the "Platforms") for travelers worldwide.
Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for providing, setting or controlling prices for any travel options or products you may be looking for that you may find and book through our services (“Third Party Travel Products”).
All third party travel products are provided by independent travel agents, airlines, hotels, tour operators or other third parties (“Travel Suppliers”) and are subject to the terms and conditions of those third parties.
Our services and platforms are provided by Skyscanner Limited, a private limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 04217916.
Other entities that directly or indirectly regulate Skyscanner, are regulated by Skyscanner, or are affiliated with Skyscanner are referred to in these terms and conditions as “Skyscanner Affiliates”.
For more information, including mailing address and registered office, please visit our corporate page.
These terms and conditions
These terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) together with our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy and our Community Guidelines regulate your access to and use of our services and platforms.
By accessing or using the Skyscanner Services or Skyscanner Platforms, you confirm that you have read and understood these Terms and Conditions and that you agree to them and the terms of the Privacy Policy, the Cookie Policy and the Community Guidelines.
Some of the services and platforms (for example our "Skyscanner-for-Business" products) impose different terms and conditions on your use of these services.
In these cases you will be clearly informed and these terms and conditions apply instead of or in conjunction with these terms and conditions.
We can change these terms and conditions at any time and at our own discretion.
If these terms and conditions are changed, we will post the changed terms and conditions and we will assume that you have accepted any changes if you continue to use our services or platforms after viewing the changes.
If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions, you must not use our services or platforms.
The use of our services
You may only use our services and platforms in accordance with applicable law and for legitimate reasons.
If you agree to these terms and conditions, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to download, access and use our services and platforms exclusively for private, non-commercial and no other purposes.
We grant you this license on the condition that you agree not to do the following:
Using our services or platforms for purposes that are abusive or unlawful, or posting, sharing or transmitting material that is: (i) defamatory, offensive, obscene or otherwise objectionable; (ii) infringes the confidentiality or privacy or the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right; (iii) published, shared or transmitted for the purpose of advertising or promoting yourself or any third party; or (iv) misleading or misrepresenting your identity or in any way suggesting that you are sponsored by Skyscanner or are affiliated with the company To be connected; or (v) for which you otherwise have no rights or permissions to be presented;
Use our services or platforms for any commercial purpose or in any way that could harm or discredit Skyscanner;
Disassembly, reverse engineering or any other type of decompilation of software, applications, updates or hardware that are integrated into our services or platforms or are available through them, unless this is permitted by law;
Reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, sell, rent, rent or otherwise use our services or platforms or attempt to breach or circumvent security measures that have been put in place to restrict your access to or use of our services or platforms;
Using or disrupting our services or platforms in a way that could damage, disable, overload, affect or impair our systems or security, or disrupt other users;
Introduction or transmission of destructive or harmful code, viruses, worms or Trojans, or "denial-of-service" or "spam" attacks on our services or platforms; or
Removal, modification or replacement of author, trademark, company name, logo or other marks of origin on our services or platforms, or the release or attempt to release our services or platforms as the product of anyone other than Skyscanner.
You further agree not to use any unauthorized, automatic computer programs, software agents, bots, spiders or other software or applications to scan, copy, index, sort or otherwise exploit our services or platforms or the data contained in them .
Skyscanner has made significant investments to collect, process and display travel data from thousands of providers and provides access to travel data on a commercial API basis.
Therefore, any breach of this provision is considered a major breach of these terms and conditions and Skyscanner reserves the right to take technical or legal measures to track down and restrict unauthorized, automated access to our services and platforms.
If you register for our services or platforms using login data or a password in an account, you are responsible for keeping the password and login data confidential and storing them securely.
If you find out or for any reason have the suspicion that the security of your login data is no longer guaranteed, please inform our customer service immediately.
Our services and platforms are not intended for use by children under the age of 16, and persons under the age of 16 are not permitted to provide any information on or through our services or platforms.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16 and if we discover that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
As part of our services or platforms is hosted on a third website (e.g. Facebook or another social media website) and there are separate terms and conditions for that third website, you agree to comply with these terms and conditions in addition to these terms and conditions.
Sharing information with us
We take your privacy very seriously and work in accordance with all applicable data protection laws at all times.
You acknowledge that any personal information (as defined by our Privacy Policy) that you provide on or through our services or platforms may be used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You agree to ensure that any personal information disclosed to us is accurate and up-to-date and that you have any necessary consents, licenses, or approvals to permit us to provide such information in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, our Community Guidelines, and our Privacy Policy use.
To the extent that our services or platforms allow you to publish, upload, transmit or otherwise make available information, images, videos or other data with Skyscanner or other Skyscanner users (“User Content”), you agree that :
You are solely responsible for the User Content that you upload and display and agree that you will not share anything that you do not have permission or the right to share and for which you cannot grant the license described in paragraph 2 below;
Even if all of the intellectual property rights that exist in User Content are owned by you or your licensees and you have the right to share your User Content with other users at any time, you hereby deny Skyscanner and its affiliated companies exclusive, perpetual, free of charge, worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to the hosting, use, electronic and other reproduction, public display, distribution, modification, adaptation, publication, translation and creation of derivative works from all such user content (in accordance with our Privacy Policy), including for the purpose of advertising and marketing our services and platforms.
For example, we provide our business partners and other companies belonging to Skyscanner with user content so that it can be displayed on their own websites.
You have control over the user content that you upload to the Skyscanner Services and can withdraw this license at any time by either deleting the user content or your Skyscanner account.
Deleted user content will be removed immediately within 48 hours.
We are not obliged to store, receive, publish or make available the user content you have uploaded and you are responsible for making any necessary backup copies of your own user content;
If you provide us with any suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas, or other feedback ("Feedback"), you irrevocably transfer ownership of all intellectual property rights contained in such feedback and acknowledge that we will use such feedback for any purpose and after use and share at our own discretion.
You can provide feedback to us by clicking the Feedback tab or by contacting customer service.
Skyscanner property
Unless otherwise described in these Terms and Conditions, all intellectual property rights, including copyright (including computer software copyrights), patents, trademarks or company names, design rights, database rights, expertise, trade secrets and confidentiality rights, in our Services and Platforms (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”) owned by or licensed to Skyscanner.
You acknowledge that your use of the Services or Platforms does not give you any right, ownership or interest in them, except for the limited license granted to you through these Terms and Conditions.
You also acknowledge that you are not permitted to access the source code of any service or platform unless it is published with a license specifically granted for such access.
Property of other people
We respect the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you believe that any content on our services or platforms has infringed your copyright, please send us a written notice of the alleged infringement to our Legal Department at legal@skyscanner.net.
Alternatively, you can also contact us in writing at the following postal address:
Skyscanner Legal Department
Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh, EH3 9EN
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DCMA), your message should contain the following information to help us investigate and resolve alleged violations (the legal department is responsible):
Identify the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed;
Identify the material that you believe has been infringed and provide sufficient information to enable us to locate such material on our Services (providing URL (s) of the material is sufficient);
Sufficient contact information so that Skyscanner is able to contact you, such as your address, telephone number and, if available, an email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agents, or the law;
only for claims that are made under the DMCA, a declaration is required on your part, which is made under penalty of perjury and in which you confirm that the information contained in your declaration is correct and that you are the copyright owner or the person who is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, including your real or electronic signature, is acting.
Price accuracy and disclaimer
Use of our services and platform is entirely at your own risk.
While we enforce strict pricing accuracy guidelines with all travel partners providing travel dates and always do our best to ensure that the content displayed on or through our services and platforms is current and accurate, we cannot guarantee the reliability of such content.
Likewise, our price forecasts are based on data that we collect on the basis of past price trends, but we cannot guarantee that our forecasts are correct.
We provide the Services and Platforms "as is" and expressly disclaim all warranties, terms and conditions, and warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of ownership, non-infringement, merchantability, and accuracy, as well as all warranties arising from commercial customs, Commercial customs or the performance of a contract are implied.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not represent or warrant that our services or platforms are (a) accurate, complete, or current, (b) always available, (c) meet your expectations, or (d) secure or free from Errors, malfunctions, defects, viruses or malware.
Re-forecast
Skyscanner will provide you with forecast airfares if you choose to set up a price notification.
Our price forecasts represent our best estimate at the time and are based on the data we have collected in connection with past trends.
There is no guarantee that our forecasts will be correct as pricing and availability are dependent on third parties, as explained above.
You are free to trust our forecasts, but we cannot and will not guarantee their accuracy and accept no liability for inaccuracies or unavailability of non-binding prices.
Making travel bookings via Skyscanner
Skyscanner is not a travel agency and is not responsible for providing travel options that are shown via the services or platforms, nor for setting or controlling the prices shown.
All third party travel products that you find and / or book through our services or platforms are provided by independent travel providers.
Skyscanner facilitates your booking with Travel Agents, but is not responsible for and assumes no liability in connection with these bookings.
The identity of the specific travel provider and the terms and conditions applicable to your booking ("Travel Supplier Terms") will be disclosed to you at the time of booking and you must ensure that you read and understand them completely before making your booking.
The travel agent's terms and conditions describe the rights you have against the travel agent and explain their liability to you in the event of errors.
You agree to fully comply with all of the Travel Supplier's applicable terms and conditions.
You acknowledge that violations of the travel provider's terms and conditions can lead to the cancellation of tickets or reservations, the loss of frequent flyer miles and other benefits, as well as additional costs.
If you have used our platforms to book two or more travel-related products within 24 hours (for example a flight and a hotel booking that you made separately but within 24 hours), this may result in the bookings being " related travel services "are classified depending on where you are and on the applicable consumer protection laws.
If linked travel services have been created, you will not have the same level of consumer protection as if you had booked a flight and hotel together through a single agent (and possibly enjoyed benefits that apply to package tours).
This means that you have to rely on the individual travel providers to provide their services and that you have no legal recourse with regard to the organizer and retailer of a package tour.
In the event of the insolvency of one of the providers of the associated travel services, the protective mechanisms in accordance with the statutory ordinance on package tours of the EU do not apply.
Limitations and Disclaimers
These terms describe the full scope of Skyscanner's obligations and liabilities in connection with our services and platforms.
Skyscanner is not responsible for any agreements you make with third parties as a result of your use of our services and platforms (including any travel provider).
If you encounter any problems with a booking or attempting to book through Skyscanner, you acknowledge that you must resolve the problem with the relevant travel provider and that your only remedy in such circumstances, including any refunds, is with the relevant travel provider and not with Skyscanner lies.
If our services and platforms contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the content of these websites or resources and are not responsible for them or any loss or damage that may arise from their use.
You may see promotional material that has been placed on our services and platforms by third parties.
Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of their promotional material and Skyscanner accepts no responsibility for the content of any promotional material, including any errors, omissions or inaccuracies therein.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we (together with our executives, directors, employees, representatives, partner companies, providers and third parties) assume no liability for (a) any inaccuracies or omissions in the content shown on or via our services and platforms, ( b) Acts of God, accidents, delays or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind (including lost profits or savings), whether arising from the contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or Anything else that you incur as a result of or in connection with your access to, your use of, or the inability to access or use our services and platforms or their content.
Pursuant to these Terms and to the extent permitted by law, our maximum aggregate liability to you arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your access to or use of, or the inability to access or use our Services and Platforms, is £ 100 (one hundred pounds sterling).
Nothing in these Terms shall limit (a) our liability for death or physical injury resulting from our negligence or our fraudulent or malicious misrepresentation, (b) any other liability that cannot be legally excluded, or (c) or excludes your statutory rights.
Your liability to us
Under these Terms, you will be responsible and liable to us for all actions, claims, procedures, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including legal costs) that companies belonging to us or Skyscanner and any of our officers, directors, employees and agents take as a result of your use of our services and platforms or an aspect related to their use or a violation of these terms and conditions.
completion
Skyscanner may, in its sole discretion, terminate your membership and access to your account and delete any User Content that you may have at any time and immediately at the time of notification to you and / or if you have a login account uploaded to our services or platforms.
Skyscanner can prevent your access and use in whole or in part, at any time and without prior notice, without any liability to you, for example to prevent the uploading of user content.
General provisions
You acknowledge that your unauthorized use of our services or platforms can lead to irreparable damage and injury to Skyscanner and / or its affiliates or licensees for which monetary compensation is insufficient.
Thus, in the event of such unauthorized use, we and our affiliates and / or licensees (if applicable) have the right to issue an immediate injunction against you in addition to any other available legal remedies.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision (in whole or in part) of these Terms will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions (in whole or in part).
All or part of the provision that is deemed invalid or unenforceable by a competent court is removed from these Terms.
These conditions apply to you personally.
You may not transfer these terms and conditions, in whole or in part, to any third party without our prior written consent.
These terms constitute the entire agreement between us and you and supersede all previous terms, conditions, agreements, and regulations relating to your use of our services or platforms.
We will react immediately if there are indications of user content that violates these conditions.
If you have knowledge of illegal activities or suspect that illegal activities are taking place, please contact our customer service.
Any failure on our part to enforce these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of them or a limitation on your right to retrospectively enforce these Terms.
Any person who is not a party to these Terms has no right to enforce any provision of these Terms.
Regardless of which country you access or use our services or platforms from and to the extent permitted by law, these Terms and your use are subject to the laws of England and Wales and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales resolving any dispute that may arise as a result of these terms.
If you use our Services or Platforms for commercial purposes or with an unauthorized computer program that is prohibited as described above in the “Use of Our Services” section, you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales for any resulting disputes, except there is an existing, contrary agreement between us that regulates your use.
Contact
If you need more information about Skyscanner or have suggestions on how we could improve our services or platforms, please contact our customer service.
Alternatively, write to us at Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh EH3 9EN, for the attention of the “Chief Legal Officer”.
