Terms of Service
General transport conditions
The rules and procedures are subject to change at short notice.
Although the information on this website is kept as current and correct as possible, Terravision is not liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from this information.
For information on terms and conditions, click below:
Definitions
Service approval
Service
Tickets and reservations
Driveway
Luggage
Terravision responsibilities
requirements
Coupons
Passenger behavior
communication
Conclusions
Conditions of Carriage Stansted Services
Travel conditions Airport Bus Express
Travel conditions Aerobus
Terms and Conditions Varzi
Terms and Conditions Prague Airport Transfers
Modlin Bus – Terms and Conditions
Faroshuttlebus – Terms and Conditions
Definitions
The terms used have the following meanings: “Vehicle” - the bus or other means of transport provided by Terravision with which the passengers travel; “Travel” - travel to which Passengers are entitled based on the information on the Ticket; “Service” - activity carried out by the company; “Baggage” - any object belonging to the passenger.
Service approval
Passengers must be in possession of a valid ticket to use the transport service and must keep it for the entire duration of the journey.
After leaving the vehicle, the journey is to be regarded as ended.
In the case of outward and return journeys, the journey is to be regarded as ended after leaving the vehicle on the return journey.
Service
promotion
Terravision transports all passengers who are in possession of a valid ticket.
The ticket is a record of the agreement between the company and the passenger.
The ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be shown to the company upon request.
Upon express request, the ticket must be returned to Terravision.
Passengers with disabilities.
Passengers with disabilities who did not state this fact when making the reservation may be excluded from the service and transportation.
Minors
Terravision does not offer services for unaccompanied minors (under 14).
Accompaniment or other special services are not available.
Minors under 14 must be accompanied by a passenger who is at least 16 years of age and both tickets must be booked together.
Children up to and including 4 years of age can travel free of charge without a ticket.
Children aged 6 and over pay the fare according to the applicable tariff.
Pets
Terravision does not transport pets with the exception of guide dogs for blind or deaf passengers.
Tickets and reservations
Validity of the tickets
With the ticket you can use Terravision's service for the trip that is noted on it.
Changed or damaged tickets lose their validity for the booked trip.
E-Tickets
The tickets must be printed out and shown to our staff before boarding.
If a passenger misses the departure indicated on the ticket due to delays, the ticket is also valid for the next departure.
If the missed departure is the last departure of the day, the ticket is still valid for the next day.
Priority boarding is guaranteed only for the reserved departure time indicated on the ticket.
Seat reservations
Passengers who wish to reserve a seat for a specific journey must reserve a seat using the online booking system before the desired departure date.
Ticket changes
Passengers can only change the date and time prior to the desired departure date through My Terravision account.
Tickets purchased from Terravision employees cannot be exchanged or changed.
Passenger's responsibility
It is the passenger's responsibility to check the ticket before purchasing it to ensure that it has been correctly issued.
Cancellation policy
Tickets are non-refundable.
Terravision is not obliged to reimburse for errors in bookings, changes in travel plans, flight delays or flight cancellations.
Cancellation of private transfers for groups: Fiumicino, Ciampino, Rome - Civitavecchia.
Cancellation of a confirmed reservation by the customer is free of charge if it is done in writing by email (groups@terravision.eu) at least 5 working days before the booked service.
If the cancellation is made less than 5 working days from the date planned for the trip, the costs will be charged in full to the end customer.
Invalid ticket
Passengers must travel with a valid ticket.
If a ticket inspection reveals that the passenger has an invalid ticket, he will be asked to leave the bus or alternatively to buy a ticket from the driver.
Fraudulent e-tickets
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate e-tickets in the possession of passengers if there is reason to believe that they have been fraudulently created.
Furthermore, passengers in possession of fraudulently created tickets are excluded from using the services and can be prosecuted.
Lost ticket
Terravision is not responsible for replacing stolen tickets.
In the event of loss or theft, a new ticket must be purchased to use the service.
Driveway
Stops
Vehicles may only be parked in the designated and designated places along the routes.
The passenger is responsible for getting to the correct bus stop and getting on the correct bus.
Maps of all authorized stops are available on the website www.terravision.eu.
Passenger delay
Passengers must be at the bus stop at least 15 minutes before the scheduled departure on the day of departure.
Terravision is not responsible for trips that are missed due to a passenger delay and is not obliged to wait for passengers who are delayed.
For tickets from the city center to the airport:
Please choose your connection so that you can reach the airport at least two hours before departure in order to have enough time for check-in.
Please note that Terravision is not the cause of the downfall outside of reasonable control, or road traffic and traffic accident.
If you fail to comply with the terms of this policy, you will not be entitled to any compensation.
Connections: It is the passenger's responsibility to have enough time to change to another mode of transport.
Luggage
Allowed baggage
Terravision does not charge any baggage fees, nor is there a limit to the number of pieces of baggage that can be taken as long as it can be stowed in the hold.
Small hand luggage can be taken on board if it can be accommodated in the overhead lockers provided and does not pose a security risk.
It is at the sole discretion of the driver to assess this.
As far as space on board allows, the company's employees can also take ski equipment, roller skates, bicycles and other “special baggage” with them. Please consult the applicable fares.
Passengers should contact Terravision to determine if a particular item is allowed on board.
Fragile items such as electronics, portable televisions and radios are only allowed on board if they are of a reasonable size.
Small musical instruments such as guitars, cellos, violins or violas can only be taken for a fee and a seat reservation.
Foldable wheelchairs and other mobility aids for disabled people are transported free of charge.
The bus drivers are happy to help passengers with loading, but are not obliged to lift heavy items of luggage.
For reasons of health and safety, Terravision cannot take luggage items over 32 kg or with dimensions greater than 81 cm in height and 119 cm in length.
The weight restrictions do not apply to mobility aids for the mobility impaired.
Terravision is not liable for improperly packaged perishable or fragile goods, nor for slight damage to the surfaces of suitcases (e.g. scratches, stains, dirt and dents) that may occur during normal transport conditions.
Baggage not allowed
Terravision is not obliged to transport the following goods: firearms, knives or other sharp objects, weapons, explosives, chemical substances, drugs or solvents (except medication), toxic or biohazardous materials such as rat poison, infected blood, radioactive material, corrosive substances such as mercury and Vehicle batteries and all other substances that are classified by the company as dangerous, that may cause injury or that appear unsuitable for this type of transport due to their weight, shape, fragility or perishability.
The items listed above will not be accepted as baggage and must be removed immediately if discovered on board.
Packing and marking of luggage
All passengers' luggage must be appropriately packed and labeled with the passenger's name, address and telephone number.
Terravision reserves the right to refuse the transport of luggage that does not meet these requirements after an inspection has been carried out.
All luggage, apart from hand luggage, must be stowed in the luggage compartment of the bus provided for this purpose.
carry-on baggage
Hand luggage can be stored in the storage space provided for this purpose on the bus, to which the passenger has access at any time.
For this reason, passengers are responsible for the loss of their hand luggage.
We recommend storing valuables such as cash, jewelry, ID cards, electronic items and essential medicines in the hand luggage compartment.
Liability for lost luggage
If luggage is lost from a vehicle or at the bus stop, Terravision will take it into custody.
The passenger bears the costs for the storage and for any forwarding of the lost luggage.
Baggage that is not marked with the passenger's telephone number and address will be destroyed after a retention period of one month.
The contents of the bag are examined and, if it contains dangerous or perishable goods, destroyed 48 hours after it is found.
Luggage that is found by other passengers and immediately handed over to the staff of the means of transport will also be stored.
The loss of luggage must be reported to our staff immediately and confirmed by them, with details of all items, in writing within 72 hours of the end of the trip to: Terravision, Via Archimede 164 - 00197 Rome - Italy - or by email to : customerservices@terravision.eu or another address that we have published for this purpose.
Terravision is not responsible for any stolen items or luggage.
Terravision recommends that you insure your luggage against damage in transit with insurance companies that specialize in insurance.
Terravision responsibilities
Transport
Terravision is obliged to transport passengers with valid tickets in accordance with the applicable regulations.
The company remains committed to minimizing inconvenience to passengers during the journey.
Travel delays or cancellations
Timetables published on www.terravision.eu are approximate.
The company reserves the right to change these and to inform users of the reasons for this and to provide them with alternative timetables.
Terravision can continue to suspend or cancel trips with timely notification for passengers.
In this case, the company can decide to add a new trip to replace the suspended trip or to extend the validity of the ticket.
Terravision is not liable for any loss, damage or costs incurred by passengers due to delays or cancellations.
Terravision accepts no liability for passengers who have not reserved their journey.
Cancellation after using the service
Unless there are circumstances beyond the control of Terravision, should the bus end the journey before reaching the destination chosen by the passenger, the company has the right to choose from the following options: a) An alternative means of transport select that ensures the achievement of the passenger's destination at the destination; b) To provide a replacement vehicle; c) to reimburse the passenger for the travel price d) to issue a voucher.
No liability
Terravision is not liable for circumstances that are beyond its sphere of influence.
Below are some examples of events beyond the company's control: war or threats of war, accidents on the service routes, poor or exceptional weather conditions, fire and / or damage to bus stops, vandalism, terrorism, unpredictable traffic, local riots or riots.
Death and personal injury
Terravision reimburses damage that has arisen as a result of its negligence and which results in death or personal injury.
Airlines
Terravision is not responsible for the service quality of the airlines, nor for flight delays or cancellations.
requirements
Procedure
Passengers must make their claims personally and, if necessary, provide proof of their identity and the associated flight documentation.
If the ticket was issued to more than one passenger, all passengers must submit their claims at the same time.
Claims must be directed to the Terravision offices or by email to: customerservices@terravision.eu.
Claims must be made within 30 days of the departure date.
The tickets purchased must be enclosed with the claims.
Coupons
properties
The voucher is: personal, transferable to a third party, and valid for six months from the date of issue on the voucher.
Vouchers can be used for all Terravision services and can also be redeemed in the Terracafé in Rome and Florence.
Redeeming vouchers
If the passenger wants to use a service that exceeds the value of the voucher, the difference must be paid by the passenger.
If the service costs less than the value of the voucher, no currency exchange will be given.
Passenger behavior
Desired behavior
Passengers must behave correctly and appropriately at stops and on board the buses and follow the instructions of Terravision staff.
Prohibited behavior
Inappropriate behavior by passengers is strictly prohibited.
Examples of this are: Threatening Terravision employees or other passengers, luggage storage that causes discomfort to other passengers, blocking the emergency exits or the central aisle, loud video games, musical instruments or radios that disturb fellow passengers.
It is forbidden to eat or drink on board.
Alcohol or drugs are strictly forbidden on board, and passengers are not transported under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
Terravision reserves the right to refuse entry to passengers or to ask them to leave the bus if they disregard these regulations or if they behave in a manner that can be assessed as prohibited.
Liability for the behavior of other passengers
Terravision is not liable for acts or omissions of other passengers on the bus or at the stops.
However, the company pays attention to the correct behavior of all passengers.
communication
Terravision provides its passengers with all information about timetable changes, general notices or cancellations by email to the address given when booking the journey.
Sending the email is proof of receipt.
If you have not sent Terravision a valid email address, please check the timetable 24-72 hours before departure on www.terravision.eu or at one of the company's information desks.
Conclusions
Hints
The transport contract that was agreed with Terravision is subject to the currently valid general conditions for the transport of people and luggage, the relevant instructions and / or regulations on special topics.
This message refers to Terravision's terms and conditions, which are an integral part of the contract.
We hereby inform you about the purpose and the procedures of our data processing and about the transfer of the data that you Terravision (hereinafter referred to as "company" for the sake of simplicity) for your participation in the website www.terravision.eu (hereinafter referred to as " Page ”).
The purpose and duration of the processing of your data are strictly limited to your participation in the site.
The company can use the data made available to it for all purposes that are linked to your participation, including the possibility of giving you access to all the services offered on the site.
The company reserves the right to use this data for all legal purposes associated with carrying out its business.
If necessary, Terravision has the right to change these data protection conditions if changes have occurred in this sector with regard to laws, IIP or the procedures for the use and compilation of related data, services and technologies.
These changes will take effect when the company publishes them on the site.
By continuing to use these services offered by Terravision after a privacy policy has been updated, the user tacitly agrees to these changes.
It is therefore important that the user reads the privacy policy regularly to be up to date with any changes.
Should the IIP and relevant procedures for the processing and use of data, the IIP of individual users and the corresponding management of their data change significantly, these will continue to be subject to the data protection regulation in force at the time they were compiled, unless the user was informed by the Change notified and agreed to it.
In particular, the company can:
a) process data that you have made available to him to carry out analyzes, market observations and statistics on consumer satisfaction and preferences for the use of the services;
b) Your data, and those that can be derived from your navigation on the site in order to recognize commercial profiles and use them for marketing purposes, advertising and sales promotion; For these purposes, the company can use cookies, which are small files that are saved by your computer in order to monitor your navigation on the pages;
c) To inform you of new features of the site and, more generally, of the company's initiatives.
For processing purposes and within the scope of the descriptions above, all of your data can also be passed on to third parties, public or private persons, as well as to companies that carry out market research and create statistics and to companies that create marketing strategies and are involved in advertising.
The provision of data and consent to processing, communication and disclosure are binding for participation in the project and are required for the purposes mentioned above.
If the required data is not provided or consent to the corresponding processing, transfer and disclosure is refused, participation in the project and its activities is not possible.
Your personal data will be processed electronically both offline and online by people who have been commissioned by the company, such as its employees, partners or consultants.
The page may contain links that direct you to other pages.
Pages that are linked to www.terravision.eu are beyond the control of the company and its data protection regulations may differ from those described here.
Consequently, the company is in no way responsible for the violation of your privacy on sites other than www.terravision.eu.
In addition, the company is not liable in any way for the direct submission of your personal data or any confidential information or information of any other kind on sections of pages belonging to forums.
The company reserves the right to forward the data you have made available to any buyer of the company or its branches.
You can exercise your rights, such as access, information about the sources of personal data, the purposes and methods of data processing, the identity data of the persons responsible for the data processing and individuals or groups of individuals to whom this data is disclosed or made accessible, as well as the right to update, rectification, integration, revocation, transformation, blocking of unlawfully processed data - you also have the right to contact the data administrator at the addresses given below:
As the administrator of the data, Terravision London Finance should be contacted by email to: customerservices@terravision.eu.
Registered offices: Park View 183-189, The Vale London, W37RW.
