https://policies.tinder.com/terms/intl/de/
TERMS OF USE
Last revised on 08/01/2020
Important changes in this version: We have changed our company name to MG Japan Services GK for members residing in Japan.
For a summary of our Terms of Use, please go to the Terms and Conditions Summary.
Welcome to Tinder.
If you live in the European Union, these Terms of Use are between you and:
MTCH Technology Services Limited ("MTCH Technology")
WeWork Charlemont Exchange
Charlemont Street
Dublin 2 D02 VN88
Ireland
If you live in Japan, these Terms of Use apply between you and:
MG Japan Services GK ("MG Japan") 4F Sumitomo Fudosan Azabu Bldg 1-4-1 Mita Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0073 Japan
If you live outside of the European Union and Japan, these Terms of Use are between you and:
Match Group, LLC ("Match Group")
8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400
Dallas, TX 75231, USA
The terms ("us", "we", "company" or "Tinder") refer to MTCH Technology, MG Japan or Match Group depending on where you live.
1. Acceptance of the Terms of Use Agreement.
By creating a Tinder account, be it with a mobile device, mobile application or computer (collectively the "Service") you are agreeing to (i) these Terms of Use, (ii) our Privacy Policy, our Cookies Policy , our arbitration procedures (if applicable to you) and the safety tips, each point being incorporated by reference into this contract, as well as (iii) any terms that are disclosed by you and to which you have consented if you use additional functions, Purchase any products or services that we offer as part of the Service (collectively this "Agreement") to be bound.
If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions of this contract and do not agree to them, we ask that you do not use the service.
We may make changes to this Agreement and the Service from time to time.
We can do this for various reasons, e.g. B. to reflect changes in law or legal requirements, new functions or changes in business practices.
The most current version of this Agreement will be posted on the Service in Settings and on gotinder.com, and you should check the most current version regularly.
The latest version is always the version that is valid.
If the changes include significant changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you of those changes in an appropriate manner, e.g. B. by notices about the Service or by email.
If you continue to use the service after the changes take effect, you are consenting to the revised agreement.
2. Eligibility.
You must be at least 18 years old to create an account on Tinder and use the service.
By creating an account and using the Service, you represent and warrant that:
You can enter into a binding contract with Tinder;
You are not part of a group of persons who is excluded from using the Service under the laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction - d. H. You are not on the US Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or are subject to any other similar prohibition;
You will comply with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations; and
You have never committed a serious crime or criminal offense (or a crime of similar magnitude), sex crime, or violent offense, and that you are not listed as a sex offender on any state, state, or local sex offender registry.
3. Your account.
To use Tinder, you can log in with your Facebook login.
By doing so, you authorize us to access or use certain Facebook account information, including, but not limited to, your public Facebook profile.
For more information about the information we collect from you and how we use it, please see our privacy policy.
You are responsible for keeping the credentials you use to log in to Tinder confidential and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under these credentials.
If you think someone has gained access to your account, please contact us immediately using our contact form.
4. Change of Service and Termination.
Tinder always strives to improve the service and provide you with additional functionalities that you find appealing and useful.
This means that from time to time we will introduce new product functions or enhancements and remove some functions, and if these measures do not have a material effect on your rights or obligations, we may carry them out without notifying you beforehand.
We can even suspend the service altogether, in which case we will notify you in advance, unless extenuating circumstances, such as security concerns, prevent us from doing so.
You can cancel your account at any time for any reason by following the instructions under "Settings" on the Service.
However, if you use a third-party payment account, you will need to manage your in-app purchases using this same account (e.g. iTunes, Google Play) to avoid additional billing.
Tinder may terminate your account at any time without notice if we believe you have breached this agreement.
After such cancellation, you will not be entitled to any refund.
If your account is terminated, this Agreement will terminate unless the following provisions continue to apply to you and Tinder: Section 4, Section 5, and Sections 12-19.
5. security; Your interactions with other members.
Although Tinder strives to promote a respectful user experience through features such as double opt-in, which only allow communication between members after both have shown interest in each other, Tinder is not for the behavior of members on or off the service responsible.
You agree to exercise caution in all interactions with other members, especially if you choose to communicate outside of the service or meet members in person.
In addition, you agree to read and follow Tinder's security tips before using the service.
You agree not to disclose any financially relevant information (e.g. your credit card or bank account details) to other members or to send any money to them by bank transfer or in any other way.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS.
YOU ARE AWARE THAT TINDER DOES NOT REVIEW ANY CRIMINAL PAST OF ITS MEMBERS OR OTHERWISE INQUIRY ABOUT ITS MEMBERS PAST AND BACKGROUND.
TINDER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE CONDUCT OF MEMBERS.
6. Rights Granted by Tinder.
Tinder grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Service.
This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to take advantage of the Service in the manner Tinder intends to do so and as permitted by this Agreement.
Therefore, you agree to refrain from:
use the service or any content contained in the service for commercial purposes without our written consent.
Copy, modify, create derivative works from any copyrighted material, images, trademarks, trade names, service marks or other intellectual property, content or proprietary information accessible through the Service without the prior written consent of Tinder, to use them or to reproduce them in any way.
Express or give the impression that statements you make are endorsed by Tinder.
To use robots, bots, spiders, crawlers, website search / research applications, proxy or other manual or automatic devices, methods or processes to access the navigation structure or the presentation of the service or its content, to call them up to operate this "data mining" or to reproduce or circumvent it in any way.
use the service in a way that could affect, disrupt or adversely affect the service or the servers or the networks connected to the service.
Upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Service.
Falsify headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of information transmitted via the service.
"Frame" or "mirror" any portion of the Service without Tinder's prior written permission.
Use any meta tags, code, or other device containing a reference to Tinder or the Service (or any Tinder trademark, trade name, service mark, logo, or tagline) to direct people to other websites for other purposes .
Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decrypt, decompile, or otherwise disassemble, or induce others to do so, parts of our Service.
Third party applications that interact with the service or the content or information of other members without using or developing our written consent.
use, access, or post the Tinder application programming interface without our written consent.
investigate, query, or review the vulnerability of our service or any system or network.
To encourage or promote activities that violate this contract.
The Company may investigate and take any legal action available in response to any illegal and / or unauthorized use of the Service, including terminating your account.
Any software we make available to you can automatically download and install upgrades, updates or other new features.
You may be able to customize these automatic downloads through your device's settings.
7. Rights You Grant Tinder.
By creating a user account, you grant Tinder a worldwide, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce information to which you grant us access from Facebook. to adapt, edit, publish, change and distribute.
This also includes information that you post, upload, display or otherwise make available on the Service (collectively "Post") or transmit to other members (collectively "Content").
Tinder's license to your content is non-exclusive, except that Tinder's license is exclusive to modified works created through your use of the service.
For example, Tinder would have an exclusive license to screenshots of the service that included your content.
In addition, you authorize Tinder to act on your behalf in relation to the malicious use of your content taken from other members or third parties on the Service, so that Tinder can prevent your content from being used outside the Service.
This expressly includes the authorization, but not the obligation, to notify under 17 U.S.C. Sending Section 512 (c) (3) (i.e. DMCA Takedown Notices) on your behalf if your content is taken from the Service by a third party and used outside the Service.
Our license to your content is subject to your rights under applicable law (for example laws that regulate the protection of personal data, insofar as content contains personal data in accordance with the regulations of these laws) and serves the sole purpose of operating, developing, providing and using the service improve and research and develop new services.
You agree that any content that you post on the Service or that we post on the Service on your behalf may be viewed by other members who visit or participate in the Service (e.g., people who may be from other members see Tinder content).
You agree that all information that you submit after creating your account, including the information submitted by your Facebook account, is accurate and truthful and that you have the right to post the content on the Service and Grant Tinder the license mentioned above.
You are aware and agree that we can monitor and review any content you post on a service.
We may delete all or part of any content that, in our sole discretion, violates this contract or could damage the reputation of the service.
You agree to be respectful and friendly in communicating with our customer service representatives.
If we believe that your conduct towards our customer service representatives or other employees is threatening or offensive at any time, we reserve the right to terminate your account with immediate effect.
In return for Tinder enabling you to use the Service, you agree that we, our affiliates, and our external partners may place advertisements on the Service.
By submitting suggestions or feedback regarding our service to Tinder, you agree that Tinder may use and share this feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.
Please note that Tinder may access, store, and disclose your account information and content when required by law, by performing its contract with you, or in good faith that such access, storage, or disclosure will result in a legitimate interest, such as: (i) complying with legal process; (ii) enforce the contract; (iii) respond to allegations that any content violates the rights of any third party; (iv) respond to your customer service inquiries; or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the company or any other person.
8. Community rules.
By using the service, you agree to refrain from:
Use the Service for purposes that are illegal or prohibited by this Agreement.
use the service for harmful or nefarious purposes
use the service to harm Tinder
Violate our Community Guidelines, which are updated from time to time.
Sending spam, soliciting money from, or defrauding other members.
impersonate another natural or legal person or post pictures of another person without their permission.
bullying, "stalking", intimidating, attacking, harassing, mistreating or defaming others.
Post content that infringes or violates any person's rights, including public, privacy, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property or contract law.
Post content that depicts hate speech, is threatening, sexually explicit, or is pornographic.
Post content that incites violence or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
Post any content that promotes racism, fanaticism, hatred or bodily harm of any kind against any group or individual.
Requesting passwords for any purpose or personal information from other members for commercial or illegal purposes, or disseminating the personal information of other persons without the consent of the person concerned.
use another member's account, share an account with another member, or have more than one account.
create another account if we have already terminated your account, unless you have our permission.
Tinder reserves the right to review and / or terminate your account without a refund for any purchases if you have violated this Agreement, misused the Service, or behaved in any way that Tinder deems inappropriate or illegal, including actions or communications that take place inside or outside the Service.
9. Content from other members.
Although Tinder reserves the right to review and remove content that violates this Agreement, such content is the sole responsibility of the member who posts it, and Tinder cannot guarantee that all content will be consistent with this Agreement .
If you notice content on the service that violates this contract, please report this within the service or via our contact form.
10. Purchases.
General.
From time to time Tinder may offer products or services for purchase ("In-App Purchases") through iTunes, Google Play, carrier billing, Tinder direct payments, or other Tinder authorized payment platforms.
If you choose to purchase in-app, you will be asked to confirm your purchase with the appropriate payment provider and your payment method (your card or a third-party account such as Google Play or iTunes) (your "Payment Method") will be used for apply the in-app purchase at the prices shown for the services you have selected, as well as any VAT or similar taxes that may be levied on your payments, and you authorize Tinder or the third party service provider, if applicable, to pay the appropriate fee to invoice.
If you purchase an automatically recurring, recurring subscription via an in-app purchase, your payment method will be continuously charged for the subscription until you cancel.
After your initial subscription period and again after each subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for a corresponding period at the price you agreed to when you signed up.
Automatic renewal; Automatic card payment
Subscriptions are automatically renewed unless you end or cancel the subscription.
When you take out a subscription, your payment method will be billed monthly in advance within 24 hours of the date of the first purchase at the price at which you took out the subscription.
Your card payment information will be saved according to the contract and then used for automatic card payment.
Objections to a payment that has already been made must be directed to customer support or to the corresponding third-party account such as iTunes when invoicing by Tinder.
You can also raise an objection by contacting your bank or payment service, who will be able to provide you with more information about your rights and applicable time limits.
You can unconditionally revoke your consent to automatic card payments at any time in the settings of Tinder or in the corresponding account of the third party provider.
However, we would like to point out that you are still obliged to pay outstanding amounts.
If you want to change or cancel your subscription, you must log into your account with the third party provider (or go to Tinder settings) and follow the instructions to terminate or cancel your subscription, even if you have your account with us or the Tinder application from Deleted from your device.
Deleting your Tinder account or deleting the Tinder app from your device will not result in the termination or cancellation of your subscription; Tinder will keep all funds charged to your payment method until you terminate or cancel your subscription through your Tinder or third-party account, as applicable.
If you end or cancel your subscription, you will be able to use your subscription until the end of the term of the current subscription period and your subscription will not renew when the period expires.
Further conditions that apply to a direct payment to Tinder with your payment method.
With a direct payment to Tinder, Tinder can correct possible billing errors or errors, even if it has already requested or received the payment.
If you make a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment through your payment method, Tinder may terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion.
You can edit the details of your payment method by going to Tinder and going to the settings.
If a payment was unsuccessful, e.g. B. due to invalidity, insufficient funds or any other reason, and you do not edit the information of your payment method or end or cancel your subscription, you remain responsible for unpaid amounts and authorize us to continue to use the payment method that you can edit Charge fees.
This can result in a change in your billing data.
In addition, you authorize us to obtain updated or new validity dates and card numbers for your credit or debit card, as provided by the issuer of your credit or debit card.
The terms of payment are based on your payment method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, the credit card issuer or another provider of your chosen payment method.
If you are based outside of America, you consent to your payment to Tinder being made through MTCH Technology Services Limited.
Super Likes and Other Virtual Items From time to time, you may be able to acquire a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use "Virtual Items", including but not limited to Super Likes (collectively, "Virtual Items") .
Any virtual item balances displayed in your account do not represent real balances or reflect any stored value, but rather reflect the scope of your license.
There is no charge for not using virtual objects; however, the license granted to you for Virtual Items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement if Tinder ceases to provide the Service or your account is otherwise closed or terminated.
Tinder reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to charge for access to or use of virtual items and / or to provide virtual items with or without a fee.
Tinder can manage, regulate, control, change or remove virtual objects at any time.
Tinder will not be liable to you or any third party if Tinder exercises any of these rights.
Virtual items can only be redeemed through the service.
ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.
The provision of virtual objects for use as part of the service is a service that begins immediately with the acceptance of your purchase of such virtual objects.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TINDER IS NOT OBLIGED TO REFUND VIRTUAL ITEMS FOR ANY REASON, AND IF YOU CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNT, YOU WILL NOT GIVE ANY MONEY OR ANY OTHER REMUNERATION FOR THE WARRANTIES NOT USED.
Refunds.
In general, all fees for purchases are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used time.
We may make an exception if a refund is requested for a subscription offer within fourteen days of the date of the transaction or if the laws in your jurisdiction provide for refunds.
As a subscriber residing in the EU or the European Economic Area, you are entitled to a full refund within 14 days of the start of the subscription, in accordance with local law, without having to provide a reason.
Please note that this 14-day period begins with the start of the subscription.
Virtual Item Purchases are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.
How to make a refund request:
If you subscribed using your Apple ID, refunds will be processed through Apple, not Tinder.
To request a refund, go to iTunes, click your Apple ID, select Purchase History, find the transaction and press Report a Problem.
You can also submit a request via https://getsupport.apple.com.
If you signed up for your subscription using your Google Play Store account: Contact customer support using your order number from the Google Play Store (you can find the order number in the order confirmation email or by logging into Google Wallet) or from Tinder directly (you can find this in your confirmation email).
You can also send or deliver a signed and dated letter in which you declare that you, the buyer, terminate this contract or that contains a notice of equivalent effect.
In addition to the order number, please also provide us with the email address or mobile phone number linked to your account.
This letter should be sent to the following address: Tinder, Attn: Cancellations, P.O. Box 25472, Dallas, Texas 75225, USA.
If you exercise your right to cancel (other than purchases made using your Apple ID that are regulated by Apple), we will (or ask Google to reimburse) any payments we receive from you immediately and in any case within 14 days of receipt of your termination of the contract.
The refund will be made using the same method of payment that you used in the original transaction.
In no event will you be charged any fees as a result of the refund.
You cannot cancel an order for the provision of digital content that is not delivered on a physical data carrier if the order processing has started with your express prior consent and the confirmation that you will thereby lose your right of withdrawal.
This applies e.g. B. for purchases of virtual objects.
This means: These purchases are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.
Pricing.
Tinder is a global company and offers members of its diverse community services.
Our pricing may vary based on region, subscription length, bundle size, current in-app promotions, and other factors.
We frequently test new features and price points to provide members with enhanced functionality and payment options in case they want to take advantage of them.
11. Notification and procedure for asserting claims due to copyright infringement.
If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Service in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide the following information to our Copyright Officer:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright claims;
a description of the protected work that you believe has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you believe infringes is located on the Service (which description must be detailed enough so that we can locate the allegedly infringing material);
Your contact details, including your address, telephone number and email address;
a written statement from you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not permitted by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A declaration by you that the above information in your communication is correct and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Notifications of claims due to copyright infringement should be sent to the company's copyright officer by email at copyright@match.com, by phone at (+1) 214-576-3272 or by post to the following address:
Copyright Compliance Department c/o Match Group Legal 8750 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1400 Dallas, Texas 75231, USA
Tinder will terminate the accounts of infringers who repeatedly commit violations.
12. Disclaimers.
TINDER PROVIDES THE SERVICE AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR THEREOF ) INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TINDER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (C) THAT CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU WILL PROVIDE OR USED BY THE SERVICE THESE RECEIVED ARE CORRECT.
TINDER IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU, OTHER MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTIES POST, SHIP, OR RECEIVE VIA THE SERVICE.
ACCESS TO ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED BY USING THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK.
13. Third Party Services.
The service may contain advertisements and promotions offered by third parties, as well as links to other websites or Internet resources.
Tinder is not responsible for the availability (or unavailability) of such external websites or Internet resources.
If you choose to interact with third parties through our service, their relationship with you will be governed by those third parties' terms.
Tinder is not responsible or liable for the conditions or actions of any such third party.
14. Limitation of Liability.
THE MAXIMUM PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW SCOPE ASSUME Tinder, ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT CAUSED, OR LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LACK OF USE, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS RESULTING FROM: (I) YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES OR ANY
YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, (II) THE CONDUCT OR THE CONTENT OF OTHER MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE; OR (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE, OR MODIFICATION OF YOUR CONTENT, EVEN IF TINDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL TINDER'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU IN RELATION TO ANY CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAYED BY YOU TO TINDER FOR THE SERVICE OVER 1 K DOLLARS YOU PAYED.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PROVIDE THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
15. Arbitration, Class Action Waiver, and Jury Trials.
With the exception of members who are resident in the European Union or the European Economic Area or elsewhere where this is prohibited by applicable law, the following applies:
The exclusive means of resolving disputes or clarification of claims arising out of or in connection with this contract (including any alleged breach of contract), or arising out of or in connection with this service, is BINDING ARBITRATION, which is managed by JAMS in accordance with JAMS 'arbitration rules and procedures (originally "Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures"), with the exception of the modifications in our arbitration procedures.
The only exception to the exclusivity of arbitration is that each party has the right to bring an individual lawsuit against the other party in a competent small claims court or, if a lawsuit is brought in arbitration, the responding party can request that the dispute is brought before a minor court if the action falls within the jurisdiction of the minor court.
If an application for a lawsuit is filed before a small claims court before an arbitrator has been appointed, the arbitration will be administratively closed.
If the application for a lawsuit is filed before a small claims court after an arbitrator has been appointed, the arbitrator will decide whether the dispute will remain in arbitration proceedings or whether it will be decided by a small claims court.
Such arbitration should only be in writing, unless you or Tinder have a right to a hearing before the arbitrator.
However, regardless of whether you choose arbitration or a small claims court, under no circumstances should you bring class actions, group arbitration or other representative actions against Tinder against the company.
By using the service in any way, you are agreeing to be bound by the foregoing arbitration agreement.
By doing so, YOU are giving up your right to go to court to assert or defend any claims between you and the company (except for matters that can be referred to small claims courts).
YOU ALSO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS OR OTHER COLLECTION PROCEEDINGS.
If you bring a lawsuit against Tinder outside of the small claims court (and Tinder does not request that the lawsuit be referred to a small claims court), your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, NOT A JUDGE OR JURY, and the arbitrator will decide all of them Claims and all questions regarding the arbitration of the matter in dispute.
You are entitled to a fair hearing before the arbitrator.
The arbitrator can usually grant any legal remedy a court can grant, including the ability to hear a dispositive motion (which is a dispositive motion based on the parties 'litigation briefs and a dispositive motion based on the parties' litigation briefs along with those filed Evidence), but you should note that arbitration procedures are usually simpler and more streamlined than court hearings and other judicial proceedings.
The arbitrator's decisions are legally enforceable and can only be overturned by a court to a limited extent.
Please refer to our arbitration procedure for details on dispute resolution.
All proceedings to enforce this arbitration agreement, including any proceedings to confirm, amend, or set aside an arbitration award, may be initiated in any competent court.
If this arbitration agreement is deemed unenforceable for any reason, any lawsuit against the Company (except for small claims litigation) may only be brought in federal or state courts located in Dallas County, Texas, USA.
You hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of these courts for these purposes.
The European Commission's online platform for the settlement of disputes is available at http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
Tinder does not participate in dispute settlement proceedings before a consumer arbitration tribunal for members residing in the EU or the European Economic Area.
16. Governing Law.
For members residing in the European Union or the European Economic Area, or anywhere else where our arbitration agreement is prohibited by law, the laws of Texas, USA, with the exception of the conflict of laws rules of Texas, shall apply to any dispute arising out of this Agreement or Service or are related to it.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Arbitration Agreement in Section 15 is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.
For the sake of clarity, please note that your choice of Texas law does not override mandatory consumer protection legislation in those jurisdictions.
17. Place of jurisdiction.
With the exception of members who are resident in the European Union or in the European Economic Area and who can bring actions in their country of residence in accordance with applicable law, and with the exception of actions brought in a small claims court of the competent jurisdiction Any lawsuit arising out of this contract or the service or relationship with Tinder, for whatever reason, will not be brought to arbitration solely in the federal or state courts in Dallas County, Texas, USA.
You and Tinder consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts in the state of Texas and waive any allegation that these courts present inferior jurisdiction.
18. Indemnification on your part.
You agree to indemnify Tinder, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees in relation to all lawsuits, claims, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, expenses and legal fees to the extent permitted by applicable law , to defend and hold harmless arising from your access to or use of the Service, your content or from your breach of this Agreement or in any way related to it.
19. entirety of the contract; Miscellaneous.
This Agreement, along with the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Security Tips, Arbitration Process (if applicable to you), and any terms that have been disclosed to you and that you have consented to when you purchase additional features, products or services that we use Offer as part of the service constitutes the entire contract between you and Tinder regarding your use of the service.
If any provision of this contract is deemed to be ineffective, the remainder of this contract will remain in full force.
The Company's failure to exercise or non-enforcement of any right or provision of this contract shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
You agree that your Tinder account is non-transferable and that all of your rights to your account and its contents will cease after your death.
This agreement does not establish an agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or other special relationship or employment relationship and you may not make any representations or bind Tinder in any way.
