General terms and conditions last changed: 15.5.2018
Tumblr is a US company and is subject to US law and jurisdiction.
The original version of these terms and conditions (and any other terms, conditions, guidelines, or requirements we may provide for you) are in English.
If there is a conflict between the translated version of these terms and conditions (or any other terms, conditions, guidelines or specifications that we provide for you) and the respective English version, the English version shall prevail.
SECTION 14 OF THESE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDES TUMBLR'S LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
Good day!
Welcome to the Tumblr Terms and Conditions.
Please read these terms carefully before using our website, services or products.
This is a contract between you and Tumblr.
We have also included a number of comments that are not part of the contract, but serve to highlight important areas and to help you understand the text.
We have tried to ensure fairness and clear regulations.
Please contact us if you have any questions or suggestions!
1. Acceptance of the general terms and conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions and our Community Guidelines (collectively, the "Agreement") carefully before using tumblr.com (the "Website") and / or the other domains, websites, products, applications, mobile applications, services and / or uses content provided by Tumblr, Inc. (collectively with the Site: the "Services") (Tumblr, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Oath Inc., a Delaware corporation of the State of Delaware ("Oath"), along with its agents, agents, advisors, employees, officers and directors: "Tumblr", "we", "us".)
By using the services or accessing the services, you ("subscriber" / "you") agree to be bound by all provisions of this contract.
If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions of this contract, you are not permitted to use the services.
Tumblr's personalized services cannot be provided and the conditions of this contract cannot be fulfilled without Tumblr processing data about you and other users.
The processing of the data that you pass on to Tumblr is essential for the personalized services that we offer and that you expect from us, including personalized content (as described below) and advertising, and a necessary part of the performance of the contract with you.
We'd like to announce that Tumblr is now part of Oath, a digital and mobile media company with more than 50 brands worldwide and part of the Verizon group of companies.
These terms and conditions, which apply to your use of Tumblr, have been updated to reflect this change.
This section also includes your consent to be bound by the terms of this contract.
2. Changes to this contract
Tumblr reserves the right to change this contract by (1) posting an amended contract on the Services and / or through the Services and (2) notifying you that the contract has been amended, usually and as far as possible by e -Mail and otherwise through the Services (for example by a notification in your Tumblr dashboard or in our mobile applications).
Changes do not apply retrospectively.
It is your responsibility to read through the changes to the contract and to become familiar with them.
From time to time we will ask you to read an amended version of this contract and expressly consent (or not consent) to it.
In such cases, the changes will take effect at the time you agree to the amended version of the contract.
If you do not agree in due time, you are not permitted to continue using the services.
In those cases in which we do not ask for your express consent to an amended version of this contract, but inform you about the change as set out above, the amended version of this contract will come into effect 14 days after the publication of the amended contract and your notification of the change Force.
If you continue to use the services afterwards, you accept the changed terms and conditions.
If you do not agree to the changes, you will no longer be permitted to use the services and you will have to stop using the services.
Note: If you have prepaid for Paid Services (as defined below) prior to changing this Agreement, the version of this Agreement in effect at the time Tumblr received the advance payment shall apply to the use of such prepaid Paid Services.
As Tumblr grows and continues to improve, we may need to change these terms and conditions.
If this is the case, we will point this out to you.
We will also provide previous versions so that changes, additions and deletions can be easily tracked.
To see previous versions, please go to the end of this document.
3. Use of the Services
Authorization:
People who have not yet reached the required minimum age are not allowed to use the services, Tumblr may not provide any personal data or otherwise send personal data (such as name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) via the services.
The minimum age is (i) thirteen (13) years or 16 years for users from the European Union (or a lower age which you must have reached in your country in order to pass on personal data).
You must be the minimum age to use Tumblr.
We mean it seriously: this provision must not be circumvented.
Unfortunately, exceptions are not possible.
If you are not old enough, you are not allowed to use Tumblr.
Changes and restrictions on the services:
The services are subject to regular changes and their form and functions are subject to change without notice to you.
Tumblr reserves the right to restrict the Services or use of the Services at any time in its absolute discretion, with or without notice.
Tumblr may also restrict certain services or parts of such services or restrict your access to the services in whole or in part without prior notice and without being liable for it.
Tumblr can change, suspend or discontinue the services in whole or in part at any time.
This also includes the availability of products, functions, databases or content (as defined below).
Tumblr can also block or terminate accounts (as defined below) at its own discretion at any time.
Tumblr is a platform that is constantly evolving.
We are constantly introducing new products, services and features and need the flexibility to make changes, set limits and occasionally suspend or end certain offers (for example, features that are not accepted).
We can also cancel or block accounts at any time.
This may sound harsh, but we will only use this permission if there is a reason to do so, as set out in these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and our Community Guidelines.
Automatic use restrictions:
You are prohibited from accessing and using the services, unless we have given our express, prior, written consent: (a) manipulation or use of non-public areas of the services or the computer or delivery systems of Tumblr or its service providers; (b) Probing, scanning or testing systems or networks (specifically for vulnerabilities) or other attempts to breach or circumvent security or authentication measures; (c) Accessing, browsing, and attempting to access / browse the Services in any way (whether automatic or otherwise) other than through the currently available public interfaces provided by Tumblr (and only in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and if not Allowed by Tumblr's robots.txt file or other robot exclusion mechanisms; (d) Accessing the services and in particular the content (as defined below) from the services; (e) Use of the services to send changed, misleading data or data with incorrect reference to the source, e.g. by forging TCP-IP packet headers or email headers; as well as (f) disrupting or interrupting or attempting to disrupt the access of subscribers, hosts or networks, in particular by sending viruses or spam to the services or by overloading the services or by scripting the services in a way that the services disturbs or overloaded.
You must not harm Tumblr or other users.
We have listed some particularly drastic examples of such harmful measures in this section.
4. Registration, Tumblr URLs, and Security
As a condition for the use of certain services and as a prerequisite for us to provide them for you, it may be that you set up an account ("Account"), provide your age and an email address, a password and a user name have to choose for tumblr.
These serve as a standard link to your standard Tumblr blog in the form [user name] .tumblr.com ("Tumblr URL").
You will need to choose another Tumblr URL for each new blog you set up.
You agree to provide Tumblr with correct, complete and current registration data, in particular your email address.
It is really important that the email address on your Tumblr account is correct and up-to-date.
If you ever forget your password or fall victim to a phishing attack, a working email address is often the only way to recover your account.
You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and thus the security of your account, and you must notify Tumblr immediately if your account or password is lost, stolen or unauthorized use, or if you suspect this.
5. Privacy
Information on how Tumblr collects, uses and shares your data can be found in our privacy policy.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read the Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use, and disclose the information (as set out in the Privacy Policy), including the transfer of that information to the United States and / or others Countries for the purposes of storage, processing and use by Tumblr and Tumblr group companies (as defined below).
6. Content and Subscriber Content
Definitions:
For the purposes of this contract, the following definitions apply: (1) "Content": A creative expression that includes, without limitation, video, sound recordings, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, written contributions, answers, comments, information, data, Text, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, templates (as defined below) and interactive functions that are created, provided or otherwise made accessible in or through the Services. (
2) "Subscriber Content": Content that a Subscriber hires, transmits, or otherwise makes available to the Services.
The content includes all subscriber content without restriction.
Your rights to subscriber content:
Subscribers retain ownership and / or other rights to the Subscriber Content.
Tumblr and / or third parties retain ownership and / or other rights to all content that is not subscriber content.
You retain the right to your intellectual property that you post on Tumblr.
Tumblr license for subscriber content:
If you provide Tumblr with Subscriber Content via the Services, you grant Tumblr a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right and license to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish such Subscriber Content , present (publicly and in any other way), perform (publicly and in any other way), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (in particular to meet the requirements of networks, devices, services and media through which the services are available) as well as derived To create works.
The rights that you transfer with this license serve the limited purpose of allowing Tumblr to operate the services in accordance with their functionalities, to improve and advertise the services, and to develop new services. "
Creation of derivative works "within the meaning of this license is not to be understood to mean that Tumblr is granted the right to make significant editorial changes or derivations; however, re-logging is to be made possible, for example, so that subscribers of Tumblr can access subscriber content from a Tumblr blog Transferring another and adding your own text or content before or after the subscriber content.
When you upload your works to Tumblr, you allow us to make them available in any way you expect us to (for example, through your blog, RSS, the Tumblr dashboard, etc.).
We never want to do things with your works that you don't expect.
Another note: Countless Tumblr blogs have grown into books, movies, albums, brands, and so on.
Of course, you are entitled to any license fees or remuneration that you receive for your works.
They are your works and we pride ourselves on contributing a part (albeit a small part) to what you have achieved.
You also agree that this license includes Tumblr's right to make all publicly posted content available to third parties selected by Tumblr so that these third parties can redistribute and / or analyze such content in other media and services.
An example of "making all publicly posted content ... available": A Tumblr sales or analytics partner could license Tumblr's "Firehose," a live feed of all public activity on Tumblr, to partners such as search engines.
Another note: This license for your subscriber content will remain in effect even if you stop using the services.
The main reason for this is the social nature of the content shared via the Tumblr services: If you post something publicly, others can comment on it, making your content part of a conversation that cannot be deleted afterwards without acknowledging what other users have said censor.
An important point to keep in mind before publishing: When you publish something on the Internet, it is practically impossible to remove all copies of it later.
You also agree to respect the intellectual property of third parties and you agree that you have all necessary rights to license the subscriber content that you transfer to us.
Tumblr may, at its own discretion, attach its own affiliate code to links published on Tumblr, unless users have previously included their own affiliate code in the link.
Users can deselect this feature here.
Your license to content:
As a subscriber to the Services, Tumblr grants you a worldwide, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to download, save, view, display, perform, redistribute and create derivative works from content, but only in connection with your use of and in strict compliance with the functions and restrictions of the services (in particular fee-based services, as defined below).
This means, for example, that we license content to you for relogging purposes.
Conformity with the community guidelines:
You declare that you will not violate Tumblr's community guidelines.
Termination and deletion:
After the termination of your account or the deletion of certain parts of your subscriber content from the services, Tumblr will make reasonable efforts to ensure that such subscriber content can no longer be accessed and that its use is discontinued and, if this is stated in the applicable data protection declaration it is intended that your account data and / or subscriber content will be deleted, unless the retention of the data is required or permitted by law; however, you acknowledge and agree that (a) deleted Subscriber Content may remain in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time and (b) copies of or references to Subscriber Content cannot be completely removed (for example this in the nature of relogging).
You can delete your account here at any time.
7. Special Provisions for Application Developers
If you develop software or services based on the services or content, whether using the Tumblr Application Programming Interface or not, you agree to the Tumblr Application Developer and API License Agreement and will comply with it.
8. Use of Marks
Any use of the Tumblr trademarks, brands, logos, and similar such assets in connection with the Services must be made in accordance with the Tumblr Trademark Guidelines as authorized by Tumblr.
9. Templates
Tumblr provides special HTML and CSS code ("Tumblr Template Code") for the template and layout of blog pages in some of the Services ("Templates").
Certain Templates are available as a Chargeable Service (as defined below) ("Premium Templates").
Purchased Premium Templates cannot be transferred between accounts, blogs or services in a single account and are subject to the payment terms set out here.
Tumblr grants you the right to adapt the Tumblr template code in order to create your own templates for use on your blog page (each a "Custom Template").
You can also set your custom templates as subscriber content for use by other subscribers.
However, as stated in the Community Guidelines, the condition of this license to create custom templates is that you do not distribute such custom templates from locations other than Tumblr websites or Tumblr approved websites without our permission.
Note that other subscribers can use your custom templates even if you've withdrawn them.
You hereby grant such subscribers an irrevocable license to use custom templates that you have contributed.
In other words, you can remove and withdraw your custom templates, but subscribers who are already using them can continue to use them.
To develop and distribute custom templates that are premium templates, please contact us.
10. Paid Services
Some of the Services are chargeable ("Paid Services", including Premium Templates).
All fees are quoted in US dollars.
You are required to pay all fees for such services as set out in the relevant services plus any applicable taxes and other charges.
Paid Services issue limited licenses under which you can use certain chargeable aspects of the Services.
Terms such as sell, sell, buy, purchase, and similar terms all refer to your acquisition of a license to use fee-based services and do not constitute a transfer of any right, property, or title of any kind.
You may not further license, resell, transfer or exchange fee-based services within or outside of the services, unless this is expressly permitted under the regulations of these fee-based services.
Tumblr may, at its sole discretion, modify the features of any fee-based service, remove the fee-based service, or change the terms and conditions of the provision of fee-based services.
The purchase of fee-based services is legally binding and cannot be canceled (this applies in particular to fee-based services that can be used immediately, such as promotions, as defined below).
Exceptions are at the sole discretion of Tumblr and are based on the regulations of the respective fee-based service.
The termination of your account or your rights under this contract may result in the loss of the fee-based services you have purchased.
For example, if your account is blocked, you will lose the license for all premium templates that you have purchased.
Tumblr may change the prices for paid services at any time.
Tumblr will inform you of any price changes in good time by publishing the new prices in or through the respective fee-based service and / or notifying you by email.
If you decline the new prices, you will have the option not to purchase or cancel the applicable paid service before the change takes effect.
11. Special Provisions for Promotions
Certain features of the Services may enable you to advertise yourself to other subscribers, and some of these features may be paid services ("Promotions").
The following additional provisions apply to promotions:
The products you advertise must be in accordance with this contract; if this is not the case, Tumblr reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel a promotion without your being able to request a refund or object.
Tumblr may, at its sole discretion, remove or disable promotions for any reason.
Unless otherwise stated, Tumblr does not guarantee that promotions will trigger certain activities, such as clicks, likes, or relogs.
Tumblr has no control over how subscribers respond to promotions and is not responsible for click fraud or other fraudulent actions by third parties, including subscribers.
Tumblr does not guarantee that the reporting of promotions will be accurate or complete, nor that promotions will produce any particular results, and Tumblr will not be liable or responsible to you for any inaccurate reporting or inaccurate operations in connection with or in relation to promotions ( e.g. errors in the counting of likes or reblogs).
Promotions can target subscribers with certain characteristics.
However, Tumblr does not guarantee that any particular promotion will always reach a particular audience.
Certain promotions can be canceled at any time, depending on their features.
You must pay for promotions at least to the extent that they have already been used or distributed on the Services.
By posting a promotion, you grant Tumblr the license to run this promotion for as long as you have specified.
With certain promotions this can be without time limit.
The license ends when the promotion has been completed or ended.
However, it can take up to 48 hours for a promotion to no longer appear on the Services.
12. Disclaimer of Warranties; Availability of services "as is"
Your access to and use of the services and content is at your own risk.
YOU AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
TUMBLR MAKES (WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING) ALL IMPLIED OR EXPLICIT WARRANTIES OF AVERAGE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Tumblr does not make any representations or guarantees of any kind with regard to the services, including any representations or guarantees that the use of the services (a) is possible at any time in a timely, uninterrupted or error-free manner, or that it will work in combination with other hardware, software, systems or data, ( b) meets your expectations or claims, (c) is error-free or that errors will be corrected, (d) is free of viruses or other harmful components, or (e) is completely secure or that the information you provide to us is protected are.
Tumblr also makes no representations or guarantees of any kind with regard to the content; Subscriber content in particular is provided by subscribers and the respective subscribers are solely responsible for them.
Written or verbal advice, advice or information that you receive from Tumblr or through the Services do not constitute any guarantees that go beyond what is expressly agreed in this contract.
13. Limitation of Claims and Exemption from Liability
You agree that claims that you derive from this contract or in connection with this contract or your relationship with Tumblr must be made within one year after the claim arose.
If this does not happen, the claim is time-barred and can no longer be asserted.
In addition, you agree to Tumblr and its employees, agents, consultants, directors, shareholders and all other natural or legal persons or associations of persons who control Tumblr directly or indirectly, are under common control with Tumblr or are directly or indirectly controlled by Tumblr (" Tumblr Group Company ") from any responsibility and liability as well as any claims, demands and / or claims for damages (due to direct damage as well as consequential damage) of any type and nature, regardless of whether these are known or unknown (including claims due to negligence), as far as these arise from or in connection with the following:
Disputes between subscribers, especially disputes between you and other subscribers.
Any acts of third parties (i.e. by natural or legal persons and associations of persons that are not Tumblr or Tumblr group companies), including websites and third-party services.
Disputes related to the use of your account or any action by you or a third party using your account.
Claims for unauthorized access to data communications in connection with your account or for content stored in or relating to your account, in particular unauthorized interception, use or modification of such communications or your content.
For clarification: This includes all claims regarding the security of your login credentials for the account.
Claims arising from face-to-face meetings in any location whatsoever with Tumblr ("Meetups"), including but not limited to acts or omissions by subscribers or third parties who host, attend, or are otherwise involved in such meetups; you can find more information on this on our Meetups page.
Unless expressly stated otherwise in writing, Tumblr does not sponsor, nor supervise, or control Tumblr Meetups in any way.
If you are a California resident, you waive the application of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which states: "A general indemnity does not apply to claims made in favor of the obligee, the existence of which the obligee at the time does not know or suspect the agreement of the exemption and knowledge of which would have significantly influenced his agreement with the debtor. "
14. Limitation of Liability
TO THE FAREST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL LIABILITY OF TUMBLR AND THE TUMBLR GROUP COMPANIES IS EXCLUDED FOR: (A) INDIRECT AND INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND PENALTY COMPENSATION; (B) LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF SALES, DATA, GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (C) DAMAGE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS; (D) DAMAGE ASSOCIATED WITH THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF THIRD PARTIES OR SUBSCRIBERS USING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING SUMMARY, OFFENSIVE OR OTHER ILLEGAL CONDUCT, OR THE SUCH CONTENT IN ANY ARTICLE AND ANY THEREFORE.
THIS EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS, INDIVIDUALLY VALID, WHETHER THESE ARE BASED ON WARRANTIES, CONTRACTS, CONTRACT VIOLATIONS OR ANY OTHER LEGAL BASIS, AND INDEPENDENTLY OF WHETHER TUMBL IS POSSIBLE.
THIS EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF TUMBLR AND THE TUMBLR GROUP COMPANIES FOR ALL CLAIMS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE LIABILITY FOR THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES, PER US $ 100.00, OR THE LIABILITY FOR THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES, PER US $ 100.00, OR THE WARRANTIES OF THE US $ 100.00 SERVICES HAVE PAID.
THE HIGHER AMOUNT APPLIES.
15. Exclusion of Warranties and Limitations of Liability
Some states do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability as provided in Section 14.
As a result, the above restrictions may not apply to you.
16. Termination
Either party can terminate this contract at any time by giving notice to the other party.
Tumblr can terminate or block your access to and your use of the services at any time with immediate effect and without prior notice and liability.
This can be done with or without a reason, e.g. B. even if you violate the terms of this contract.
In particular, Tumblr can immediately terminate or block accounts that have been reported for repeated infringement of copyrights.
After your access to the services or your ability to use the services has ended, in particular by blocking your account in a service, your right to use the service and the content and your access to the service and the content ends with immediate effect.
All provisions of this contract, which by their nature are intended to outlast a termination, continue to apply even after termination; this applies in particular to the provisions on property rights, warranty exclusions and limitations of liability.
The blocking of your access to the services or your ability to use the services does not relieve you of the obligations that existed before the blocking and does not limit your other liability to Tumblr or third parties and, if you are a user in the European Economic Area, does not take away from you rights set out in the privacy policy.
17. Choice of law and place of jurisdiction
You and Tumblr agree that claims or disputes, regardless of whether they relate to legal or other claims arising in connection with this contract or the Services, will only be settled in accordance with this section, unless between you and Tumblr something else is agreed in writing.
We strongly encourage you to contact us to seek a friendly solution before taking any formal steps.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction:
The laws of the US state of New York apply to all aspects of this contract in the same way as to contracts entered into and executed in New York and between New York resident parties, with the exception of the provisions of conflict of laws.
You agree that any claims or litigation with Tumblr may be resolved solely in a state or federal court in New York County, New York State, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
You submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in New York County, New York State, to resolve all such claims and disputes.
If you are (a) a federal, state or local agency or corporation of the United States and (b) are using the Services in your official capacity and (c) you are legally unable to accept the provisions of this section, this section will find you no application to you.
For such authorities, the laws of the United States of America apply to this contract and all related measures with the exception of the provisions of the conflict of laws and, insofar as the federal laws do not contain any regulations and allow this choice of law, the laws of the state of New York with the exception of the provisions on the choice of law .
18. Miscellaneous
This contract in its currently valid version represents the entire contract between you and Tumblr with regard to the subject matter of the contract.
This contract replaces all previous or contemporaneous understandings and agreements regarding the subject matter of the contract, whether written or oral, and constitutes the complete and exclusive contract between the parties.
Failure by either party to assert any right granted herein does not constitute a waiver of any rights under this Agreement.
If it is determined that a provision of this contract is ineffective or unenforceable, this provision will only be limited or not applied to the extent that it is absolutely necessary so that the rest of the contract remains enforceable and in force.
This contract is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable for you unless Tumblr gives its prior written consent.
Tumblr can assign this contract in whole or in part at any time without your consent.
This agreement does not create a agency, partnership, joint control, joint venture, or employment relationship, and does not give you any authority to bind Tumblr in any way.
Statements to Tumblr that are required or permitted under this contract must be made in writing and will only be effective upon receipt if they are sent in person by a nationally recognized courier service or by registered mail and postage paid to:
Tumblr, Inc.
770 Broadway
New York, NY, 10003,
Attn: Legal Department
.
19. Special Terms for Subscribers Outside the United States
Tumblr offers products and services worldwide and provides a global community for people to share and pursue their interests.
However, Tumblr's servers and offices are located in the United States, and Tumblr's policies and procedures are based on US law.
Thus, the following provisions apply specifically to subscribers outside the USA: (1) You agree that we may transfer your data, including subscriber content and personal data, to the USA and other countries, and store and process it there in order to make the services available to you make and execute this contract. (
2) If you are using the Services from a country that is embargoed by the United States or is on the US Treasury Department's Specially Templateated Nationals, you agree that you are using the Services or through the Services Do not carry out any financial transactions or economic activities (e.g. purchase of premium templates).
Submit a notification of copyright infringement
20. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Copyright Policy
Tumblr has established the following guidelines for copyright infringement related to the Services in accordance with the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").
The address of the designated representative of Tumblr for requests to remove copyright-infringing content ("template representative") is listed below.
Please use our form for copyright notices for DMCA notifications.
Reporting of copyright violations:
If you believe that any content available on or through our services violates copyrights, please send a notification of copyright infringement with the following information to the template representative at the following address:
Designation of the works / materials whose copyright is infringed.
Identify the allegedly infringing material, including its location, in sufficient detail so that Tumblr can locate it and verify its existence.
Contact details of the notifying party ("Notifying Party"), including name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that the material has not been authorized by the copyright owner, agent, or government agency.
An affidavit that the information provided in the statement is correct and that the notifying party is authorized to make the claim on behalf of the copyright owner.
The signature or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner that is alleged to be infringed.
Note: The information in a copyright infringement notification may be forwarded to the subscriber who posted the allegedly infringing content.
Upon removal of material in accordance with a valid DMCA notice, Tumblr will immediately notify the subscriber responsible for the allegedly infringing material that the material has been removed or that access to the material has been disabled.
If there are such circumstances, Tumblr will terminate the accounts of subscribers who repeatedly infringe copyrights.
Tumblr reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate subscribers for actual or suspected copyright infringement.
Submission of a DMCA reply:
If you believe you received a false DMCA notification, you can send a counter notification to Tumblr.
Send the following information to the template representative at the following address:
Exact URLs of materials that Tumblr has removed or that Tumblr has blocked from access.
your name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that you will submit to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court where you live (or the Federal District Courts of New York County, New York State, if you are not a US resident) and that you will have the service of the Accept the person or agent of the person who submitted the original DMCA notice.
The following statement: "I declare on oath to the best of my knowledge and belief that the material has been removed or deactivated due to an error or incorrect identification."
Your signature.
Upon receipt of a valid counter notification, Tumblr will forward it to the party that submitted the original DMCA notification.
The original Notifying Party (or the copyright owner they are representing) will then have 10 days to notify us that legal action has been taken with respect to the allegedly infringing material.
If Tumblr does not receive such a notification within 10 days, we can make the material accessible again in the services.
Designated representative
Tumblr, Inc.
770 Broadway
New York, NY 10003
Attn: Copyright Agent
Fax: +1 (646) 513-4321
Email: dmca@tumblr.com
Copyright Infringement Notification Form: https://www.tumblr.com/dmca
21. "Open Source" Submissions
Disclosures regarding our use of "open source" software packages can be found in the following locations:
https://www.tumblr.com/policy/ios-credits
https://www.tumblr.com/policy/android-credits
https://www.tumblr.com/policy/web-credits
Link to previous versions
You can find previous versions of our terms and conditions on GitHub.
So you can compare different versions and see which regulations have been updated.
https://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/terms_of_service/de/terms_of_service.txt
