Terms of Use
What are these Terms of Use about?
This overview is intended to guide you through our Terms of Use.
We hope that we were able to give you a good overview.
Nevertheless, please read the terms of use completely.
Welcome to YouTube
This section explains our relationship with you.
It describes the service, defines our agreement, and identifies your service provider.
Who can use the service?
This section lists certain requirements for using the Service and the categories of users.
Your Use of the Service
This section explains your rights to use the Service and the terms and conditions that apply to them.
It also explains that we will make changes to the service as necessary.
Your Content and Conduct
This section applies to users who provide content on the Service.
This defines the scope of the rights you grant by uploading your content.
Also, the section includes your consent not to upload content that violates the rights of others.
Suspension and Termination of Accounts
This section explains how you and YouTube can end this relationship.
Software in our service
This section contains information about the software for the service.
Other Legal Provisions
This section contains our value proposition to you.
It is also explained here that we do not take responsibility for some things.
this agreement
This section contains some other important information about our contract.
For example, it explains how changes to these Terms of Use affect them or which laws they are subject to.
Terms of Use
Date: January 5, 2022
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to YouTube
introduction
Thank you for using the YouTube Platform and the products, services and features we make available to you on that Platform (collectively referred to in this document as the "Service").
Our service
The Service offers the ability to discover, view and share videos and other content; a forum for people worldwide to interact, learn and inspire each other; and a distribution platform for creative content creators and advertisers, large and small.
For more information about our products and how to use them, visit YouTube Help.
Among other things, you can learn about YouTube Kids, the YouTube Partner Program and paid memberships and purchases on YouTube.
You are also welcome to read more about using content on other devices such as your TV, games console or even Google Home.
service provider
The company providing the Service in the European Economic Area and Switzerland is Google Ireland Limited, a company incorporated and operating under the laws of Ireland (registered number: 368047) with its registered office at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (as "YouTube", "we", "us" or "our").
References in these Terms of Use to YouTube's "affiliated companies" refer to the companies in the Alphabet Inc. group of companies pursuant to Sections 15 et seq.
Stock Corporation Act.
Applicable Terms of Use
Your use of the Service is governed by these Terms of Service, the YouTube Community Guidelines, the YouTube General Policies, and the Safety and Copyright Policies (collectively, the "Agreement").
Our common agreement also includes the information about advertising policies for advertisers when you advertise or sponsor on the Service or incorporate paid advertising into your content.
Please read this agreement carefully and familiarize yourself with the regulations.
Use of the service assumes that you agree to the agreement.
Who can use the service?
minimum age
You can use the service if you are at least 16 years old.
Children of any age may use the Service and YouTube Kids (where available), provided a parent or legal guardian consents to such use.
Parent or Guardian Permission
If you are under the age of 18, you need permission from your parent or guardian to use the Service.
Please review this Agreement with them.
If you, as a parent or legal guardian, consent to your child's use of the Service, you are subject to the terms of this Agreement and are responsible for your child's activities on the Service.
Parental information and resources (including how a child under 16 can use the Service and YouTube Kids) can be found on YouTube Help and Google's Family Link.
company
If you are using the Service on behalf of a company or organization, you represent to us that you have the authority to act on behalf of that entity and you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
Your Use of the Service
content in the service
Content on the Service includes video, audio (e.g., music and other sound recordings), graphics, photos, text (e.g., comments and scripts), identifiers (including business names, trademarks, or logos), interactive features, software, Metrics and other materials (collectively, "Content").
Users can post content within the framework of the service and make it accessible.
YouTube is a provider of hosting services for this content.
Content is the responsibility of the person or entity that posts and makes it available on the Service.
If you see content that you believe does not comply with this Agreement, such as a violation of the Community Guidelines or the law, you can report it to us.
Google accounts and YouTube channels
Portions of the Service may be available without a Google account.
However, you need a Google account for certain functions.
With a Google account, you can like videos, subscribe to channels, create your own YouTube channel, and more.
Instructions for creating a Google account can be found here.
You must create a YouTube channel if you want to use additional features, such as posting videos, commenting, or creating your own playlists.
Learn how to create your own YouTube channel.
Please keep your password confidential to protect your Google account.
You should not reuse your Google Account password with third-party applications.
Find more information on how to protect your Google Account.
Among other things, you'll learn what to do if you find out about unauthorized use of your password or Google Account.
your data
Our privacy policy explains how we handle your personal information and protect your privacy when you use the service.
The YouTube Kids Privacy Policy provides more information about our privacy practices with regard to YouTube Kids.
We comply with the YouTube Data Processing Terms when processing the audio or audiovisual content you upload.
An exception is content that you have uploaded for personal or family purposes.
Further information.
Permissions and Restrictions
You may access and use the Service as made available to you in compliance with this Agreement and applicable laws.
You may view or listen to content for your personal, non-commercial use.
You can also show YouTube videos via the embeddable YouTube player.
However, the use of the service is subject to certain restrictions.
The following is not allowed:
Access, reproduce, download, distribute, broadcast, transmit, display, sell, license, modify, adapt, or otherwise use any portion of the Service or the Content, except (a) in manner and manner as approved in service; or (b) with YouTube's prior written consent and, where relevant, the relevant rights holders; or (c) to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Bypass, disable, fraudulently use, or otherwise interfere with the Service or any security-related features of the Service (including attempts to do so).
You may not circumvent, disable, fraudulently use, or otherwise interfere with (including attempting to) any feature of the Service that (a) prevents or restricts copying or other use of the Content, or (b) restrict use of the Service or Content.
Access the Service using automated means (e.g., robots, botnets, or scrapers), except (a) through public search engines as specified in YouTube's Robots.txt file, (b) with YouTube's prior written consent, or (c) to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Collect or use information that could identify an individual (e.g., collect usernames or faces) unless that individual consents or as permitted under Section 3 above.
Use the Service to distribute unsolicited advertising or commercial content or other unwanted or unreasonable nuisance (spam).
Induce or encourage inaccurate measurements of actual user interactions with the Service.
This includes, for example, paying people or providing other inducements to increase a video's views, likes, or dislikes, increase a channel's subscriber count, or otherwise manipulate metrics.
Misuse the reporting, complaint, dispute or objection process, for example by providing unsubstantiated, wanton or frivolous information.
Conduct contests on or through the Service that do not comply with YouTube's contest policies.
Use the Service to view or listen to content (for example, a public screening of videos or streaming music) outside of your personal, non-commercial use.
Use the Service to (a) sell advertising or sponsorship placed in, around, or around the Service or its Content, except in compliance with YouTube's Advertising Policies (e.g., compliant product placements); or (b) sell advertising or sponsorship on any page of a website or application that contains only Service-originated content or where Service-originated content is the primary basis for such sales (e.g., selling advertisements on a website that hosts YouTube videos are the only content with added value).
reservation
Any right not expressly granted to you in this Agreement remains with YouTube or the respective rights holders.
This means, for example, that by using the Service you do not acquire any copyright or intellectual property rights in the content you access.
This includes trademarks used or displayed on the Service.
Developing, improving and updating the Service
YouTube is constantly changing and improving the service.
As part of the ongoing development of our digital content and services, we may make adjustments or changes (to all or parts of the service).
For example, we add or remove new features, offer new digital content or services, or discontinue outdated content or services.
We may also change the Service for the following additional reasons: to adapt to new technologies; to accommodate increased or decreased usage of a particular product, service, or feature; to adapt to important changes related to licenses or partnerships with third parties; to prevent misuse or damage; to implement legal or official requirements or security-related aspects.
In particular, we occasionally make legally required updates (updates), i. H. Changes that keep our digital content, services and goods compliant with the law.
We make these updates to our digital content and services for security reasons and to ensure that they meet expected quality standards, such as those described in the Legal Guarantees section.
We can automatically install updates that fix serious security vulnerabilities.
For other updates, you can choose to install them yourself.
Before we change or discontinue any part of the Service, we carefully consider the reasonableness of the changes, your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations, and the potential impact on you and others.
We will only change or discontinue parts of the Service for justifiable reasons.
If a change adversely affects your use of or access to the Service, we will notify you by email in advance within a reasonable period of time.
This e-mail will contain a description of the changes, the date they were implemented and a notice that you have the right to end your contract with us if the changes have more than a minor adverse effect.
Excluded are urgent cases in which the changes serve to prevent misuse or damage, to respond to legal requirements or to ensure the security and functionality of the services.
We also give you the option to export your content via Google Data Export in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Your Content and Conduct
posting content
If you have a YouTube channel, you may be able to upload videos to our service.
You may use this content to promote your business or artistic activity.
If you upload content, you may not post content through the Service that violates this Agreement or the law.
For example, the Content you submit must not contain any third-party intellectual property (such as copyrighted material) unless you have permission from that party or are otherwise permitted by law.
You are legally responsible for the Content that you submit via the Service (including any available exceptions or limitations to copyright or related rights provided for in European Union law).
Automated systems may be used to analyze your content to help detect violations and abuse such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Rights Granted by You
You retain your rights as the author and all existing industrial property rights to your content.
In short: what's yours stays yours.
However, it is necessary to grant certain rights, described below, to YouTube and other users of the service.
License and YouTube
By posting Content to the Service, you grant YouTube and its affiliates (including but not limited to YouTube LLC, Google LLC and Google Commerce Limited) a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use such Content (including its hosting, public Making accessible, duplication, distribution, modification, display and reproduction, in each case taking into account moral rights), exclusively for the purpose of providing and improving the service (also by using service providers) and only to the extent necessary for this.
License to Other Users
You also grant any other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to access and use Your Content on the Service (including copying, distribution, modification, display, and reproduction, all respecting moral rights) , to the extent necessary and enabled by features of the Service.
License Term
The term of the licenses granted by you shall continue until the content is removed as described below.
Once removed, the licenses expire unless you have allowed continued use of content after removal or the law requires otherwise.
For example, if you remove content, YouTube is not obligated to (a) recall content used by other users as part of limited offline viewing of the service, or (b) delete copies that we are required to keep for legal reasons.
Right to Monetization
You grant YouTube the right to monetize your content on the Service.
This monetization may include displaying ads on or within the Content or charging users for access.
This Agreement does not entitle you to any payments.
Payments you receive from YouTube based on another agreement between you and YouTube (e.g., through the YouTube Partners Program, channel memberships, or Super Chat) will be treated as royalties beginning June 1, 2021.
Where required by law, Google withholds taxes from these payments.
Remove Your Content
You can remove your content at any time.
You also have the option to make a copy of your content before removing it.
If you no longer have the rights required by these Terms of Service, you must remove your content.
Removal of content by YouTube
If we have objective and reasonable grounds to believe that your content (1) violates this Agreement, or (2) may harm YouTube, our users, or third parties, we reserve the right to remove such content in whole or in part.
We will notify you immediately and explain the reason for the action and provide you with an opportunity to remedy the violation or to discontinue the relevant behavior, unless we have objective and specific reasons to believe that doing so is (a) contrary to law or orders of a law enforcement agency, or expose YouTube or our affiliates to significant liability; (b) would jeopardize an investigation or cause material harm to the integrity or operation of the Service; or (c) other users, third parties, YouTube, or ours affiliated companies would be significantly harmed.
For more information on reporting content and policy enforcement, visit the YouTube Help Troubleshooting page.
You can also find instructions on how to make a complaint if you think content has been removed in error.
If you lodge a complaint, we will consider your reason for the complaint and review our decision again.
Community Guidelines Violation Strikes
YouTube applies a warning system to content that violates the YouTube Community Guidelines.
Each warning will lead to different restrictions up to the permanent removal of your channel from YouTube.
For a description of how strikes affect your channel, visit the Community Guidelines Strikes page.
If you think a warning has been issued in error, you can file a complaint here.
We will then consider your reason for the complaint and review our decision again.
If your channel is restricted due to a strike, you may not use another channel to circumvent those restrictions.
Violation of this prohibition constitutes a serious breach of this Agreement.
In such event, Google reserves the right to terminate your Google Account or to suspend your access to all or part of the Service.
protection of copyrights
In YouTube's Copyright Policy, we provide information to help rightholders manage their intellectual property online.
If you believe that your copyrights have been infringed as part of the Service, please contact us.
We respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement according to the process set out in our YouTube Copyright Policy.
You can also find information about how to remove a copyright warning there.
YouTube Policies provide for termination of access to the Service for users who repeatedly infringe copyrights, in appropriate cases.
Suspension and Termination of Accounts
termination by you
You can stop using the service at any time.
You can also delete the service from your Google account, which will result in the closure of your YouTube channel and the removal of your data.
You have the option of copying and downloading your data beforehand.
Termination and Suspension by YouTube
YouTube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Google Account or your access to all or part of the Service if (a) you are in material or repeated breach of this Agreement, (b) we need to do so to comply with legal to comply with a request or a court order, or (c) there are objective and reasonable grounds to believe that conduct is causing harm or liability to users, third parties, YouTube or our affiliates.
Notice of Termination or Suspension
We will notify you of the reason for YouTube's termination or suspension and, to the extent that conduct in violation of this Agreement is grounds for termination or suspension, we will provide you with an opportunity to remedy such violation, unless there are objective and specific reasons believing that doing so would (a) violate any law or order of a law enforcement agency, (b) jeopardize an investigation, (c) seriously affect the integrity, operation, or security of the Service, or (d) other users, third parties , YouTube or our affiliates would be seriously harmed.
Effects of Suspension or Termination of an Account
If your Google Account is terminated or your access to the Service is restricted, you may continue to use certain features of the Service (such as video playback) without an account.
This Agreement will continue to apply to such use.
If you believe that the announced cancellation or suspension is a mistake, you can submit a complaint using this form.
We will then consider your reason for the complaint and review our decision again.
Software in our service
Downloadable Software
If use of the Service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the YouTube Studio App), YouTube grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to use the software that YouTube makes available to you through the Service provided that such software is not subject to additional terms that grant a license.
This license only grants you permission to use the Service as YouTube offers it and to enjoy its benefits under this Agreement.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or rent any part of the software.
In addition, you may not reverse engineer this software or attempt to extract its source code.
Exceptions only apply if such restrictions are prohibited by law or you have written consent from YouTube
Open Source
Portions of the software used on our Service may be offered under an open source license.
An open source license may contain provisions that expressly override some provisions of these Terms of Use.
In this case, we provide you with this open source license.
Other Legal Provisions
Implied warranties
If you are a consumer resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) and you have agreed to our Terms of Service, you have a legal guarantee under the consumer rights applicable in the EEA about the digital content or services that we provide to you.
Under this warranty, we are liable for any defect you discover, subject to the following:
You discover the deficiency within two years from the one-time provision of digital content or service (e.g. purchase of a film).
You discover the defect at any time during the "ongoing" delivery of the digital content or service (e.g., a paid subscription).
The laws of your country may require an even longer warranty.
Your rights under such statutory warranties will not be limited by any other commercial guarantees we offer.
If you wish to make a claim, you may [Contact Us].
assurance
We operate the Service with reasonable care and skill.
Disclaimer
Legislation provides consumers with certain rights that cannot be excluded or modified by contract.
Nothing in this agreement affects those rights that you have as a consumer.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or as required by law (see Legal Warranty section), YouTube makes no specific representations with respect to the Service.
For example, we make no additional representations regarding the Content provided through the Service, regarding the specific features of the Service or its accuracy, reliability, availability, or suitability for your purposes, or regarding that any Content you submit will be on the Service accessible or stored there.
Limitation of Liability
In the event of intent and gross negligence, including on the part of legal representatives and vicarious agents, you and YouTube are liable in accordance with the statutory provisions.
The same applies to culpably caused damage resulting from injury to life, limb or health, damage caused by the lack of a guaranteed quality, and in the case of fraudulently concealed defects.
In the case of property damage and financial losses caused by slight negligence by you or YouTube, their legal representatives or vicarious agents, liability is limited to cases of breach of a material contractual obligation, but limited in amount to the damage that was foreseeable and typical for the contract at the time the contract was concluded.
Significant contractual obligations are those whose fulfillment makes the proper execution of a contract possible in the first place and on whose compliance the contracting parties can regularly rely.
Liability under the Product Liability Act remains unaffected.
Apart from that, the liability of you and YouTube is excluded.
This regulation does not represent a change in the burden of proof at the expense of the users of the service.
Third Party Links
The Service may contain links to third party websites and online services that are not owned or controlled by YouTube.
YouTube has no control over such websites and online services and is not responsible for them.
Please exercise caution when exiting the service.
We encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy statements of any third-party websites and online services that you visit.
this agreement
Changes to this Agreement
We reserve the right to make changes to this Agreement for the following reasons: (1) to reflect changes in our service or our business processes - for example, if we add new products or features or remove old products or features -; (2) for legal, regulatory or security reasons; (3) to prevent misuse or damage.
If we make changes to this Agreement, we will notify you at least 15 days in advance of the changes taking effect.
With the information about the changes, we provide you with the new version of the agreement and draw your attention to the significant changes.
If you do not object before the changes come into effect, the changed agreement will be deemed to have been accepted.
In our notification we explain the objection process.
You may refuse to accept the changes - in which case the changes will not apply to you.
However, we reserve the right to end our relationship with you provided all other conditions for termination are met.
continuation of the agreement
If you terminate your use of the Service, the following terms of use of this Agreement will continue to apply to you: "Other Legal Terms" and "This Agreement".
The rights you grant survive in certain cases described under "License Term."
Severability Clause
If any of the terms of use in this Agreement are found to be unenforceable, the remaining terms of use will not be affected.
transmission
YouTube may transfer this Agreement in whole or in part to an affiliate or, if YouTube is sold, to a third party.
No waiver
If you fail to comply with this Agreement but we don't take immediate action, that doesn't mean we're waiving our rights entirely (e.g., the right to take future action).
Applicable Law
If you have your habitual residence in Germany, this Agreement and your relationship with YouTube under this Agreement are governed by German law to the exclusion of the UN Sales Convention.
Legal proceedings may be brought before your local courts, which have jurisdiction under the law.
This choice of law makes no statement as to the law applicable to the Service itself.
Withdrawal in accordance with applicable law in the European Economic Area (EEA)
If you are a consumer domiciled in the European Economic Area (EEA), consumer rights in the EEA as of 28 May 2022 give you the right to withdraw from this contract as described in the model EU withdrawal form below.
right of withdrawal
You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The cancellation period is 14 days from the day the contract was concluded.
In order to exercise your right of withdrawal, you must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract by means of a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or an e-mail).
This can be done by email to account-withdrawal@google.com, by phone on +35 31800832663 (see below for a list of country-specific phone numbers); or by post to Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
You can use the attached sample revocation form for this, but this is not mandatory.
You can also electronically fill out and submit the model withdrawal form or other clear statement on our website (g.co/EEAWithdrawalForm).
If you use this option, we will immediately send you an acknowledgment of receipt for such a revocation via a durable medium, e.g. B. by email.
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient if you send the communication regarding the exercise of the right of cancellation before the end of the cancellation period.
Consequences of revocation
If you withdraw from this contract, we must return to you all payments that we have received from you.
This must be done immediately and at the latest within 14 days from the day on which we received notification of your cancellation of this contract.
These payments also include delivery costs (except for the additional costs resulting from your choosing a different type of delivery than the cheapest standard delivery that we offer).
Refunds will be made using the same form of payment that you used for the original transaction, unless you have expressly consented to a different method.
In no event will you be charged any fees for such reimbursement.
Sample cancellation form
(If you want to revoke the contract, please fill out this form and send it back).
— An __Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, [account-withdrawal@google.com]__:
— I hereby revoke the contract I have concluded for the provision of the following service __________________________________________
- Ordered on _____________________________
— Name of consumer _______________________
— Consumer's address _____________________
— Signature of the consumer (only if notification is made on paper) ___________________
— Datum _______________
Google contact details for a revocation
Country Telephone number
Austria 0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria 0800-14-744
Czech Republic 800-720-070
Cyprus 800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Denmark 80-400-111
Estonia 800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Deutschland                 0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Island                           800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italy 800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein               800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxemburg                  800-40005
Malta                           800-62-257
Netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 0800-410-575
Portugal                      808-203-430
Romania 0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia 080-688-882
Spain 0900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
Effective January 5, 2022 (view previous version)
