General Conditions of Use and Sale
Last update: 02 February 2022.
To view previous versions, visit the Legal Area - Previous Document Versions page.
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU Sarl and / or its affiliates ("Amazon" or "we") provide you with site functionality and other products and services when you visit or shop on Amazon.it (the "site"), use Amazon devices, products or services, Amazon mobile applications, or software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Amazon Services").
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy and our Interest-Based Advertising Notice to understand how we collect and process your personal information through the Amazon Services.
Amazon provides the Amazon Services under the following terms and conditions ("General Conditions of Use and Sale").
Amazon.it is the trading name of Amazon.
I) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE
II) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
I) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE
We invite you to carefully read these general conditions of use ("General Conditions of Use") before using the Amazon Services.
By using the Amazon Services you fully accept these General Conditions of Use.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and you may sometimes be subject to additional terms and conditions.
If you use an Amazon Service (for example: Your Profile, Gift Cards or Amazon mobile applications), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and general conditions applicable to that particular Amazon Service ("Terms of the Service ").
In the event of a conflict between these General Conditions of Use and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service will prevail.
Notification form and procedure for reporting violations of rights.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use the Amazon Services or send us emails, text messages (SMS) and other communications from your computer or mobile device, you communicate with us electronically.
We may communicate with you in various ways, such as by email, text message (SMS), in-app notifications, or by posting messages and communications on the site or through other Amazon Services, such as our Communications Center.
Without prejudice to the specific provisions of the law of an imperative nature, for the purposes of this contract, you accept that all contracts, notifications, information and other communications that we provide you in electronic form meet the requirement of the written form, when required by law .
SUGGESTIONS AND CUSTOMIZATION
As part of the Amazon Services, we will suggest features, products and services, including third party advertisements that may interest you, and will also identify your preferences and personalize your experience.
COPYRIGHT AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content on or made available through the Amazon Services in the form of text, graphics, logos, icon buttons, images, audio files, digital downloads, data collections and software, is the property of Amazon or its content providers and are protected by the laws of Luxembourg and international copyright and database rights laws.
The list of all content on or made available through the Amazon Services is the exclusive property of Amazon and is protected by the laws of Luxembourg and international copyright and database rights laws.
You may not systematically extract and / or reuse portions of the Amazon Services without Amazon's express written consent.
In particular, you are not permitted to use data mining, robots, or similar mining or mining devices (one or more times) to reuse any substantial portion of any Amazon Services, without our express written consent.
Nor will you be able to create and / or publish your own database that reproduces substantial parts (eg.
prices and product lists) of the Amazon Services without Amazon's express written consent.
BRAND NAMES
Visit the Trademarks and Patents page to view a non-exhaustive list of Amazon's trademarks.
In addition, the graphics, logos, page headers, icon buttons, fonts and service marks included in or made available through any of the Amazon Services are trademarks or hallmarks of Amazon.
Amazon's trademarks and logos may not be used in connection with non-Amazon products or services, in a way that creates confusion among customers or in any way that could disparage or discredit Amazon.
All other non-Amazon trademarks appearing on any of the Amazon Services are the property of their respective owners, which may or may not be linked, connected to Amazon, or sponsored by Amazon.
PATENTS
The Amazon Services and features accessible through those services are protected by one or more patents owned by Amazon.
The Amazon Services utilize all or part of one or more patents based on licenses.
Visit the Trademarks and Patents page to view a non-exhaustive list of patents owned by Amazon and patents licensed to Amazon.
LICENSE TO ACCESS AMAZON SERVICES
Provided that you comply with these General Conditions of Use, the Terms of Service, and that you pay any applicable fees, Amazon or its content provider grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sublicensable license. to access the Amazon Services and make personal, non-commercial use thereof.
This license does not include any right of resale or commercial use of each Amazon Service or its contents, nor the right to collect and use product listings, descriptions or prices, make derivative use of the Amazon Services or their contents, make any kind of to download or copy account information for the benefit of another reseller or use data mining, robots, or similar data capture and extraction devices.
All rights not expressly conferred by these General Conditions of Use or by the Terms of Service remain with Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, owners or other service providers.
You may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit or otherwise use the Amazon Services for any commercial use in whole or in part without our express written consent.
You may not framing or use framing techniques to misappropriate any Amazon trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page settings, or formats) without our express written consent.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" using the Amazon name or trademarks without our express written consent.
You must not misuse the Amazon Services.
You will only be able to use the Amazon Services to the extent permitted by law.
The violation of these General Conditions of Use or the Terms of Service will result in the revocation of the authorization or license issued by Amazon.
YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services and be required to log into your account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account.
Access the Your Payments page to manage your payment options.
If you use the Amazon Services, you are required to keep your account and password confidential and to control access to your computer and devices, and agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to be held responsible for all activities that will be carried out with your account and password.
You undertake to take all necessary precautions to ensure that your password remains secure and confidential and you undertake to notify us immediately if you have reason to believe that any third party knows your password, or if your password is, or is presumably about to be, used in an unauthorized manner.
You are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide to us is correct and complete and to notify us immediately of any changes to the information you have provided to us.
You will be able to access your information from the My Account section of the site.
We encourage you to consult our Help Pages on how to protect your privacy to access your personal data.
You must not use the Amazon Services: (i) in a manner that causes, or may cause, disruption, damage or malfunction of the Amazon Services and its features, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or otherwise to commit illegal activities, or (iii) to cause disturbance, prejudice or apprehension.
We reserve the right to prevent access to the Amazon Services or to terminate your account if your behavior constitutes a justified reason for doing so.
This will happen, in particular, in the event of a violation of current legislation, applicable contractual provisions, our guidelines or our policies, all accessible on our site.
Despite this limitation or closure, you will be able to continue to have access to the content and services purchased up to that point.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
It is allowed to post reviews, comments and other content, send e-cards and other communications and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not unlawful (i.e. obscene, abusive, intimidating, defamatory, does not violate privacy , intellectual property rights or is not otherwise offensive to Amazon and / or third parties or deplorable and does not or in any case does not contain viruses, political propaganda, commercial solicitations, chain letters, mass e-mails or any other form of spamming).
You may not use a fake email address, pretend to be another person or subject, or otherwise lie about the origin of a postcard or other content.
We reserve the right (but we have no obligation to act in the absence of a complete Notification Form in its entirety) to remove or modify such content.
If you believe that content, or a sales advertisement posted on the site or used as part of the Amazon Services, contains a defamatory statement or that your intellectual property right has been infringed by an article or information on the site or used as part of the Amazon Services, please complete and submit the Notification Form to us and we will promptly do so.
If you decide to post customer reviews, comments, customer questions or answers, or to submit any other content you have created for viewing on the site (which includes images, video or audio content, hereinafter jointly referred to as "content"), you grant Amazon ( a) the non-exclusive and free license to use, reproduce, publish, make available, translate and modify such content anywhere in the world (including the right to sub-license to third parties) and (b) the right to use the name used by you in connection with such content.
Your moral rights are reserved.
You will be able to delete your content from public viewing or, where this functionality is provided, change the settings so that your content is only viewed by the people you grant access to.
You declare and warrant that you have, personally or in any other way, the ownership or in any case the availability of all rights relating to the content of what you publish; that, as of the date the content or material is published: (i) the content and material are accurate and relevant; and (ii) the use of the content and material you provide does not conflict with any of Amazon's applicable policies and guidelines and that such use does not cause harm to any third party.
Except in cases where any liability is attributable to the failure to remove illegal content following the receipt of a you undertake to indemnify Amazon from all legal actions taken by third parties against Amazon, arising from or otherwise connected with the content and materials from you provided.
VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Amazon respects the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to possible infringements, please follow our Procedure for Reporting Infringements of Intellectual Property Rights.
TERMINI SOFTWARE AMAZON
In addition to these Terms of Use, the software (including any updates / upgrades and related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time in connection with the Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software") is subject to the terms you find in the Additional Terms for Amazon Software.
THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES
Individuals other than Amazon operate stores, provide services or sell product lines on this site.
We also provide links to affiliate company sites and other businesses.
We are not responsible for the control or evaluation of these commercial operators or these subjects or the content of their sites, nor do we offer guarantees on their sales proposals.
Amazon cannot in any way be held responsible for the actions, products and content of any such person or any third party.
You will be able to notify us when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we will be able to share information relating to transactions with these parties.
We invite you to carefully review their privacy policies and other terms of use.
THE ROLE OF AMAZON
Amazon allows third party sellers to list their products on Amazon.co.uk.
In the detail pages of each product it is indicated whether the product is sold by third parties.
As the provider of the e-commerce site, Amazon facilitates transactions on the site, but is not part of the contract for the sale of the goods sold by these third-party sellers.
Amazon therefore remains unrelated to this agreement, which exists solely between the buyer and the seller.
Amazon assumes no responsibility with respect to the sales contract and its proper execution, and does not act in any way as an agent for the seller.
The seller is solely responsible for the sale of the products and for the management of disputes with the buyer.
To make the buyer's shopping experience safer, Amazon offers its users an additional guarantee, called the A-to-z Guarantee.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
We will do our best to ensure that access to the Amazon Services is provided uninterrupted and that transmissions are error-free.
However, due to the nature of the Internet, uninterrupted access and the absence of transmission errors cannot be guaranteed.
Additionally, your access to the Amazon Services may also occasionally be suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new businesses or services.
We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of these suspensions and limitations.
Amazon will not be liable for (i) losses that are not a consequence of our breach of these terms and conditions or (ii) for any loss of business opportunity (including lost profits, revenues, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or unnecessarily incurred expenses) or (iii) any other indirect or consequential losses that were not reasonably foreseeable, either by you or by us, at the time you began using the Amazon Services.
We will not be responsible for any delay or non-fulfillment of the obligations set out in these general conditions if the delay or non-fulfillment derives from unforeseeable circumstances or due to force majeure.
This provision does not affect your rights deriving from the law and in particular your right to receive the purchased goods within a reasonable time or to be reimbursed in the event of non-delivery due to circumstances arising from unforeseeable circumstances or due to force majeure.
The legal provisions in force in some states may prohibit the limitations of liability indicated above.
In the event that these provisions are applicable, the limitations of liability indicated above will not take effect and you may be granted additional rights.
None of the provisions contained herein limit or exclude our liability in the event of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or caused by willful misconduct or gross negligence.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These General Conditions of Use are governed by and must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (with the exception of the provisions on conflict of laws) and the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts of international trading of goods.
If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the European Union, you could benefit from the additional protections provided by the mandatory regulations of your country of residence.
You agree, and we accept in turn, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the District of Luxembourg City.
As a consumer you will be able to take action before the Courts of the District of Luxembourg City or of the Member State of the European Union in which you are resident or domiciled to promote a dispute in relation to these General Conditions of Use.
The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution, which you can access via this link: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. If you would like to bring an issue to our attention, please let us know using the Contact Us function.
EXPORT CONTROLS
You agree not to export, re-export or transfer any products (including software or other digital products) that you have purchased on the site to any country, individual, company, organization or entity to which such export is restricted or prohibited by law.
For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, the U.S. Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce, and other governmental authorities (such as embargoes imposed on specific countries, or economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering offenses) may prohibit bringing products, including for personal use, into other countries, and / or sending products (either physically by post or digitally by email or by sharing of files) to certain individuals, companies, organizations or entities.
Furthermore, you agree not to purchase any product or service from the site if you yourself are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions).
CHANGES TO THE SERVICE OR CHANGES TO THE CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to modify the Amazon Services, policies, these General Conditions of Use and the Terms of Service at any time to offer new products or services or to comply with legal and regulatory provisions.
You will be subject to the policies and terms of the General Conditions of Use from time to time in force at the time you use the Amazon Services.
If any provision of these conditions is deemed invalid, null or for any reason unenforceable, this condition will in any case not affect the validity and effectiveness of the other provisions.
WAIVER
In the event of your non-fulfillment of these General Conditions of Use, our failure to exercise the right to act against you does not represent our waiver to act for the violation of the obligations undertaken by you.
MINORS
We do not sell products to minors.
We sell children's products that can only be purchased by adults.
If you are under the age of 18, you can only use the Amazon Services with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
OUR CONTACTS
This site is owned and operated by Amazon Europe Core SARL.
General conditions of use relating to other Amazon Services, such as the Amazon MP3 Service provided by Amazon Media EU SARL, can be consulted on this site.
Amazon Europe Core SARL:
Amazon Europe Core SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; Share capital: EUR 154,560 Luxembourg registration number: B-180022 Business license number: 10040783 VAT number: LU 26375245.
Further contacts:
Amazon EU SARL, Italian Succursale
Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch, Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, 20124 Milan, Italy; Milan Company Register - Milan Office REA n. 2059602; Tax Code and VAT number IT08973230967.
Amazon Services Europe SARL:
Amazon Services Europe SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; Share capital: 37.551 EUR; Luxembourg registration number: B-93815; Business license number: 132595; VAT number: LU 19647148
Amazon Media EU SARL
Amazon Media EU SARL, 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Lussemburgo.
Share capital: EUR 50,000 Luxembourg registration number: 112767 Business license number: 136312 VAT number: LU 20944528.
NOTIFICATION FORM AND PROCEDURE FOR REPORTING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed and you meet the requirements for the Brand Registry, please sign up for the service and submit your report through the Brand Registry.
Otherwise, please submit your report via our Notification Form.
This form can be used to report the alleged violation of all intellectual property rights, including, by way of example, reports regarding copyright, trademark, design and patent.
Once we have received a report, we will be able to take various actions.
For example, we may remove the information of an article or article, and close an account in case of repeated violations where the conditions are met.
All these actions are undertaken without this implying admission of responsibility and without prejudice to any of our rights, remedies or defense, which we expressly reserve the right to exercise.
This includes sending the report to the subjects involved in the preparation of the content deemed illegal.
You agree to indemnify Amazon from all third party actions against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the submission of a report.
Note on the product sheets of Third Party Sellers: We inform you that the product sheets of Third Party Sellers are only stored on Amazon.co.uk and are published exclusively according to the indications of the Third Party Sellers who can be contacted from the "Seller Information" page, accessible from each product sheet. .
ASIN and ISBN-10, Definitions: "ASIN" means the Amazon Standard Item Number (or Identification Number) and is a ten (10) character identifier.
It can be found under any description tab under "Product Details". "
ISBN-10 "means the International Standard Book Number and is a thirteen ten (10) digit numeric identifier that can be found in certain book listings under" Product Details ".
Important Warning: Providing false, misleading or inaccurate information in the Amazon Notification Form may give rise to civil and / or criminal liability.
If you have any questions, please consult a lawyer.
20.
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR THE AMAZON SOFTWARE
Use of Amazon Software.
You may use the Amazon Software only for the purpose of using the Amazon Services within the limits of the General Terms of Use, these Additional Terms for the Amazon Software, as well as the Terms of Service.
You may not incorporate a portion of the Amazon Software into your programs or compile portions thereof in combination with your programs, you may not transfer the Amazon Software for use in connection with another service, or sell, rent or lease, distribute or lease. sublicense, or otherwise assign any rights in the Amazon Software in whole or in part.
You may not use the Amazon Software for any illegal purpose.
We may cease providing the Amazon Software and may terminate your right to use the Amazon Software at any time.
Your right to use the Amazon Software will automatically be revoked, without notice from us, if you fail to comply with the provisions of these Additional Terms for the Amazon Software, the General Conditions of Use or the Terms of Service.
The Amazon Software may be subject to additional third party terms and conditions, contained or distributed in conjunction with certain Amazon Software (or software incorporated into the Amazon Software) set forth in related documentation.
These provisions will prevail in case of conflict with the General Conditions of Use.
The software used in the Amazon Services is owned by Amazon or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Use of third party services.
When you use the Amazon Software, you may also use services provided by third parties, such as wireless service providers or a mobile phone platform.
The use of services provided by third parties may be subject to the policies, conditions of use and tariffs of such parties.
Prohibition of "reverse engineering".
You may not copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble or otherwise intervene in the Amazon Software in whole or in part or create derivative works from or of the Amazon Software, or encourage, assist or indulge any other object to make such activities.
Updates.
In order to keep the Amazon Software up to date, we may provide automatic or manual updates at any time and without notice.
We encourage you to read these terms carefully before using the Amazon Services.
By using the Amazon Services, you fully accept these terms.
II.
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
These general conditions of sale govern the sale of products and, where applicable, of services through the site when Amazon EU Sarl operates as a seller ("General Conditions of Sale").
The sale of products by third party sellers will be governed by the terms and conditions of sale applicable from time to time.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and you may sometimes be subject to additional terms and conditions.
If you use any Amazon Service (for example: Your Profile, Gift Cards, Amazon mobile applications or Communication Center), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and general conditions applicable to that particular service. ("Terms of Service").
In the event of a conflict between these General Conditions of Sale and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service will prevail.
We invite you to carefully read these General Conditions of Sale before proceeding with any purchase.
By making any purchase, you fully accept these General Conditions of Sale.
OUR CONTRACT
The presentation of products and services on the site or through the Amazon mobile applications constitutes an invitation to offer.
If you want to buy one or more products, you can select them one at a time, adding them to your cart.
Once you have selected all the items you wish to purchase, you can close your cart and submit the order.
At this point you will see a summary page of the products you have selected, their price and delivery options (with related costs).
You will be prompted to choose your preferred delivery, transport and payment method.
At the top of the same page, you will find the "Buy now" button, which you will need to click to submit your order.
Your order will then be considered as your contractual purchase proposal addressed to Amazon for the products listed, each considered individually.
Upon receipt of your order, we will automatically send you an order acceptance message ("Order Receipt").
If you use some Amazon Services (such as Amazon applications for mobile devices), the Order Receipt may be published in the Communications Center accessible from the site.
The Order Receipt does not constitute acceptance of your purchase proposal.
By sending the Order Receipt, in fact, we only confirm that we have received the order and have subjected it to the data verification process and the availability of the products you requested.
The sales contract with Amazon EU Sarl will be concluded only when we send you a separate e-mail or publish a message in the Communications Center on the acceptance site of your purchase proposal which will also contain information relating to the shipment of the product and the expected date of delivery ("Shipping Confirmation").
In the event that your order is processed through multiple shipments, you may receive separate Shipping Confirmations.
The charge will take place only when the items included in your order are shipped or after five days from the payment authorization, whichever occurs first.
For more information on payment authorization, see the Payment Authorization help page.
You will be able to cancel your order before receiving the Shipping Confirmation, provided that the order has not been prepared for the shipping process.
In this case you will not be charged any costs.
In any case, the right of withdrawal is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the following art. 2.
The right of withdrawal does not apply to certain categories of products including, without limitation, digital products or software not supplied on material support (as in the case of CD or DVD) once the download has begun (so-called download) or use.
You agree to receive invoices electronically.
These documents will be available in PDF format in the My Account section.
The issuance of the electronic invoice relating to an order will be communicated to you in the Shipping Confirmation.
For more information on e-invoices and how to obtain the document, see the help pages Print the purchase receipt or invoice and Information on e-invoicing effective from 2019.
All orders placed on the site must correspond to normal consumption needs.
This requirement applies both in relation to the number of products purchased with a single order, and in the case of a plurality of orders relating to the same product even if each order includes a quantity of products corresponding to normal consumption needs.
AMAZON RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL, EXCEPTIONS AND RETURN POLICIES
Subject to the exceptions indicated below, you have the right to withdraw from the order placed, without giving any reasons, within 14 days from the day you received the ordered product (or the last product, lot or piece in the case of goods , multiple lots or pieces delivered separately) or by the conclusion of the contract (including but not limited to contracts for the supply of digital content not provided on a tangible medium, such as a CD or DVD).
If you have a trusted person in charge of the collection, your right of withdrawal starts from the day of delivery of the product to the person designated by you, other than the courier.
You will need to notify Amazon EU Sarl, 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg, the exercise of the right of withdrawal (i) by following the instructions available in the Return Center, (ii) using the Contact Us function or (iii) using this form.
If you use the Return Center, we will send you a confirmation of receipt message.
In order to exercise the right of withdrawal, it is necessary that the relative communication is sent before the expiry of the 14-day period and that the product is returned to Amazon through the instructions available in the Return Center.
For more information on the right of withdrawal and operating instructions, contact our Customer Service via the Contact Us function.
EFFECTS OF EXERCISING THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
We will refund all payments received in relation to the product for which you have exercised the right of withdrawal, including the shipping costs relating to the cheapest shipping method offered by Amazon, within 14 days from the day we received the communication relating to the exercise of the right of withdrawal.
We will make the refund on the same payment method you used to place the order, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise.
In any case, you will not incur any costs as a result of this refund.
We may withhold the refund until we have received the product or until you have provided proof that you have returned it to Amazon, whichever comes first.
Please note that you are required to return the products to us by following the instructions available in our Return Center within 14 days from the day on which you communicated the withdrawal.
You will have to bear the direct costs of returning the products.
You may be held responsible for the decrease in the value of the goods resulting from the handling of the goods (other than that necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods).
EXCEPTIONS TO THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
The right of withdrawal does not apply in case of:
- supply of sealed goods that cannot be returned for hygienic reasons or related to health protection and that have been opened after delivery or in the case of supply of products that are, after delivery, inseparably mixed with other goods;
- supply of sealed audio or video recordings or sealed computer software which have been unsealed after delivery;
- supply of goods made to measure or clearly personalized;
- supply of goods which risk deteriorating or expiring rapidly;
- service contracts after the complete provision of the service by Amazon, if you have expressly consented to the execution of the service by us by accepting the loss of the right of withdrawal following the full execution of the contract;
- supply of digital content (including applications, software, ebooks, MP3s, etc.) using a non-material medium (for example a CD or DVD) if at the time of placing the order you have expressly consented to the beginning of the execution accepting the loss of the right of withdrawal as a result of the start of execution;
- supply of newspapers, periodicals and magazines with the exception of subscription contracts for the supply of such publications;
- supply of alcoholic beverages, the price of which has been agreed upon at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract, whose delivery can only take place after thirty days and whose actual value depends on market fluctuations that cannot be controlled by Amazon.
AMAZON RETURN POLICIES
In addition to your rights under the law, the products sold by Amazon EU Sarl can be returned to Amazon EU Sarl within 30 days of delivery, subject to the exceptions to the right of withdrawal, provided they are intact and in the same condition in which they were. delivered.
Further information can be found on the Our Returns Policy page.
Products must be returned using the instructions available in our Return Center.
In these cases, we will only refund the price paid for the purchase.
We will not refund you the shipping costs incurred to receive the item you are returning (except in cases of returning clothing, shoes and bags).
The risks deriving from transport and the return costs will be your sole responsibility.
Specific return policies apply for the return of fashion products (shoes, clothing, bags, jewelry and watches), for more information visit our Free Returns for Fashion Products page.
These provisions are additional and do not affect your rights deriving from the law, nor the right of withdrawal within 14 days described above.
Details on returns and operational examples are available on the Our Returns Policy page.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY
All prices are inclusive of VAT applicable by law.
Information on the availability of the products we sell is listed on the site, as well as on the presentation page of each product.
In addition to the information provided on this page or elsewhere on the site, we are unable to give more precise information regarding the availability of products.
Please consider that the estimated times for sending and delivering the products are purely indicative and it is not possible to fully rely on them.
Once we have received your order, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice in the Site's Communication Center if any of the products you have ordered are not available.
Despite all our efforts, we cannot exclude that for a small part of the millions of products in our catalog a different price than the actual one is indicated by mistake.
In any case, we will check the correctness of the prices of the products during the process of verifying the order and subsequent shipment of the products.
If, due to misunderstandings or other inconveniences, the price indicated on the site should be lower than the correct selling price of a product, we can contact you to check if you still want to buy the product at the correct price or we may not accept your order.
If the correct price of a product is lower than that indicated on the site, we will only charge you the correct lower price and we will ship the product to you anyway.
CUSTOMS
If the goods ordered by Amazon were to be delivered outside of Italy you could be subject to import duties and taxes, payable once the package reaches the specified destination.
Any additional customs clearance costs will be at your expense.
We are not in control of these costs and cannot predict the amount.
Customs policies vary considerably from country to country and you should therefore contact your local customs office for more information.
Please also keep in mind that when you place orders on the site, you are considered an importer and are therefore required to comply with all the laws and regulations of the country where you will receive the goods.
Your privacy is important to us and we know you care about how your order information is used and shared.
We would like our international customers and customers who ship products overseas to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection of products by customs authorities.
For more information, please read the information on the Customs Information page.
ORDER WITH 1-CLICK
Order with 1-Click is the fastest and easiest way to order products and services in complete safety.
If you use the Amazon Services through a public computer or shared device, we strongly recommend that you deactivate 1 Click when you are not at your computer.
WARRANTIES ON PRODUCTS SOLD BY AMAZON AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
The warranty regime on products sold by Amazon differs according to whether the buyer is a "consumer" or a "professional" pursuant to Directive 1999/44 / EC concerning "certain aspects of sales contracts and guarantees concerning consumer goods. ".
If you buy as a "consumer", you benefit from the legal guarantee of conformity which the seller is required by law on all goods sold ("Legal Guarantee").
The Legal Guarantee - to which Amazon is required as a seller - guarantees the goods against conformity defects with respect to the sales contract.
Pursuant to the law, in case of applicability of the Legal Guarantee, you will have the right to restore the conformity of the goods free of charge by repair or replacement, or, if this is not possible, to a reduction in the purchase price or termination of the contract.
Amazon is therefore liable for lack of conformity if they occur within two years from the date of delivery of the goods.
In any case, you will have the duty to report the lack of conformity within two months of its discovery.
You can find more information on the rules of exercise and operation of the Legal Guarantee, with example cases, by visiting our Legal Guarantee section or by contacting our Customer Service via the Contact Us function.
In the event that you discover a lack of conformity on goods purchased from Amazon during the validity period of the Legal Guarantee, please contact Customer Service via the Contact Us function.
To the extent permitted by law, Amazon declines all responsibility in the event that the delivered product does not comply with the legislation of the country of delivery other than Italy.
Amazon will not be liable for any delay in delivery of purchased goods due to insufficient stocks at the publisher or supplier.
We will also not be responsible for any insubstantial differences between the purchased goods and their illustrative images and text descriptions published on our site.
Except in the case of willful misconduct or gross negligence, we are solely responsible for any direct and foreseeable damage at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract.
We will therefore not be liable for any losses suffered, loss of earnings or any other damage that is not an immediate and direct consequence of our non-fulfillment or that was not foreseeable at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract.
Amazon is in no way responsible for the fulfillment of the obligations borne by third parties who may offer commercial guarantees in relation to the products for sale on the site.
Amazon authorizes third party sellers to display and sell their products through the Amazon.co.uk site.
Each page of products displayed for sale on the Amazon.it site indicates when the product is sold by third-party sellers and not by Amazon.
As the provider of the e-commerce site, Amazon facilitates transactions on the site, but is not part of the contract for the sale of the goods sold by these third-party sellers.
Amazon therefore remains unrelated to the transaction, which is solely between the buyer and the seller.
Amazon assumes no responsibility for the sales contract and its proper execution, and does not represent the seller in any way.
The seller is solely responsible for the sale of the products and must deal directly with any complaints or problems inherent or related to the contract between the buyer and the seller, including taking on the obligations of the Legal Guarantee.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These General Conditions of Sale are governed by and must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (with the exception of the provisions relating to conflict of laws) and the application of the United Nations Convention on Sales Contracts is expressly excluded. international freight.
You also agree, and we accept in turn, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the District of Luxembourg City.
As a consumer, you will be able to take action before the Courts of the District of Luxembourg City or of the Member State of the European Union in which you are resident or domiciled to promote a dispute in relation to these General Conditions of Sale.
If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the European Union, you could benefit from the additional protections provided by the mandatory regulations of your country of residence.
CHANGES TO THE GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
We reserve the right to modify the site, policies and these General Conditions of Sale at any time to offer new products or services, or to comply with legal or regulatory provisions.
You will be subject to the policies and terms of the General Conditions of Sale from time to time in force at the time you order products from us, unless any changes to these policies and terms are required by applicable law or competent authorities (in which case , will also apply to orders you have previously placed).
If any provision of these conditions is deemed invalid, null or for any reason unenforceable, this condition will in any case not affect the validity and effectiveness of the other provisions.
WAIVER
In the event of your breach of these General Conditions of Sale, our failure to exercise the right to act against you does not represent our waiver of action for the breach of commitments undertaken by you.
MINORS
We do not sell products to minors.
We sell children's products that can only be purchased by adults.
If you are under the age of 18, you can only use Amazon.co.uk with a parent or guardian involved.
OUR CONTACTS
Our contacts:
Amazon EU, Limited Liability Company, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
Share capital: EUR 125,000; Luxembourg registration number: B 101818; Business license number: 134248; VAT number: LU 20260743.
Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch, Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, 20124 Milan, Italy;
Milan Company Register - Milan Office REA n. 2059602; Tax Code and VAT number IT08973230967.
