https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/plain_text_terms
Terms of use
We welcome you to Facebook!
For the messaging, voice and video call services included in the Facebook Products, click here for a summary of the contract and here for other mandatory information required under the European Electronic Communications Code.
Facebook creates technologies and services that allow users to connect with each other, create communities and grow companies.
These Conditions govern the use of Facebook, Messenger and other products, functions, apps, services, technologies and software offered by Facebook (the Facebook Products or Products), except in cases where it is expressly stated that separate conditions apply. (other than the present ones).
The Products in question are provided to you by Facebook Ireland Limited.
Instead of requiring you to pay for your use of Facebook or the other products and services covered by these Terms, Facebook receives remuneration from companies and organizations for showing users advertisements relating to their products and services.
By using the Facebook Products, the user agrees that Facebook may show him advertisements that Facebook deems relevant to the user and to his interests.
Facebook uses the user's personal data to help determine which advertisements to show to the user.
Facebook does not sell your personal data to advertisers and does not share information that directly identifies you (information such as your name, email address or other contact information) with advertisers without specific authorization from the user. 'user.
Conversely, advertisers can tell Facebook such things as the type of target audience for their ads, and Facebook will show those ads to users who may be interested.
Facebook provides advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to allow them to understand how users interact with their content.
See Section 2 below for more information.
Facebook's Data Policy explains how Facebook collects and uses your personal data in order to determine some of the advertisements that you view and to provide all other services described below.
You can also access your Settings at any time to review your privacy choices regarding the use of your data by Facebook.
1.
Services offered by Facebook
Facebook's goal is to empower users to create communities and make the world more united.
To achieve this, Facebook provides you with the Products and services described below:
Provide a personalized user experience: The Facebook experience is unique to each user, from posts, stories, events, advertisements and other content displayed in the News section or the video platform to the Pages followed and other functions that may be used (eg.
Popular, Marketplace and Search).
Facebook uses the data it has (eg.
in relation to connections made by the user, the choices and settings adopted and what the user shares and does inside and outside their Products) to customize the user experience.
Connect the user with people and organizations of interest: Facebook helps the user find and connect with people, groups, companies, organizations and other subjects of interest in the Facebook Products that the user uses.
Facebook uses the data in its possession to offer suggestions to the user and to other subjects (eg.
groups to join, events to attend, Pages to follow or to send a message to, programs to watch and people with whom the user may want to make friends).
Stronger links improve communities, and Facebook believes its services are most useful when they connect people to other people, groups and organizations of interest.
Ability to express yourself and communicate in relation to the topics of interest of the user: Facebook offers many ways to express themselves and to communicate with friends, family and other subjects on topics of interest (eg.
share status updates, photos, videos and stories on Facebook Products in use, send messages to friends or different people, create events or groups or add content to your profile)
Facebook has also developed (and continues to explore) new ways to leverage technology, such as augmented reality and 360 video to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Facebook.
Discovery of content, products and services that may be of interest to the user: Facebook shows the user advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that allow the user to discover content, products and services offered by different companies and organizations that use Facebook and other products of Facebook.
This is explained in more detail in Section 2.
Fight against harmful conduct and protect and support our community: People create communities on Facebook only if they feel safe.
Facebook employs dedicated teams around the world and develops advanced technical systems to detect misuse of its Products, harmful behavior towards others, and situations where it may be able to help support or protect its community.
In the event of reporting of content or conduct of this type, Facebook takes appropriate measures, such as offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain functions, disabling an account or contacting law enforcement.
Facebook shares data with other Facebook companies when it detects misuse or malicious behavior by someone using one of the Facebook Products.
Use and development of advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services to all: Facebook exploits and develops advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality, to allow users to use their Products safely, regardless of their physical abilities or geographic location.
These technologies, for example, help users with visual impairments to understand the contents or subjects of a photo or video shared on Facebook or Instagram.
Facebook also builds sophisticated communications networks and technologies to help more people connect to the internet in areas with limited access.
Furthermore, Facebook develops automated systems to improve its ability to identify and remove offensive and dangerous activities that could put the Facebook community and the integrity of its Products at risk.
Search for ways to improve its services: Facebook is committed to research aimed at developing, testing and improving its Products.
This includes analyzing the user data Facebook owns and understanding how users use the Products, such as conducting surveys and tests and troubleshooting new features.
Facebook's Data Policy explains how data is used to support research aimed at developing and improving Facebook's services.
Delivering consistent, seamless experiences across Facebook business products: Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and other stakeholders.
Facebook designs its systems to offer the user a consistent and seamless experience across the various Facebook company products that the user uses.
For example, Facebook uses data relating to the people with whom the user interacts on Facebook to make it easier to connect with them on Instagram or Messenger and the possibility of communicating with the companies followed on Facebook through Messenger is offered.
Allow global access to Facebook services: To manage its global service, Facebook must store and distribute content and data in its data centers and systems around the world, even outside the user's countries of residence.
This infrastructure can be managed or controlled by Facebook, Inc.,
Facebook Ireland Limited or its affiliates.
2.
How Facebook services are funded
Instead of paying for the use of Facebook and the other products and services offered, using the Facebook Products covered by these Terms, the user accepts that Facebook may show advertisements, the promotion of which inside and outside the products of the companies Facebook is paid for by companies and organizations.
Facebook uses the user's personal data (e.g.,
information on activities and interests) to show him the most relevant advertisements.
Protecting user privacy is an integral part of how Facebook's ad system is designed.
This implies that Facebook can show the user relevant and useful advertisements without revealing their identity to advertisers.
Facebook does not sell the user's personal data.
Facebook allows advertisers to indicate things such as their business goals and the type of audience they want to show their ads to (e.g.
users between 18 and 35 years with a passion for cycling).
Then, Facebook shows the ads to users who might be interested.
Facebook also provides advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to enable them to understand how users interact with their content on and off Facebook.
For example, general demographic data and interest information (e.g.,
an ad was seen by a woman aged between 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and who likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience.
Facebook does not share information that directly identifies the user (information such as the user's name or e-mail address that can be used to contact or identify the user) without the specific authorization of the user.
Find out more about how Facebook Ads work here.
Facebook collects and uses the user's personal data to provide the user with the services described above.
For more information on how Facebook collects and uses user data, you can consult the Facebook Data Policy.
The user can control the types of advertisements and advertisers he sees, as well as the types of information Facebook uses to determine which advertisements to show to the user.
More information.
3.
Your commitments to Facebook and our community
Facebook provides these services to the user and to other parties to achieve its goal.
In return, the user must make the following commitments:
Who can use Facebook
When opinions and actions are traceable to people, the Facebook community is safer and more responsible.
For this reason, the user is required to:
use the same name he uses in real life;
provide accurate personal information;
create a single account (your own) and use your diary for personal purposes;
do not share your password, do not grant access to your Facebook account to others or transfer your account to others (without Facebook's authorization).
The goal is to make Facebook available to everyone, but its use is prohibited for:
users under the age of 13;
users convicted of sexual violence;
users with accounts previously disabled for violation of Facebook's Terms or Regulations;
users not authorized by applicable law to receive Facebook products, services or software.
What the user can share and do on Facebook
Facebook wants its users to be able to express themselves and share content that is important to them, but without compromising the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of their community.
Therefore, you agree not to adopt the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support others to adopt them):
You may not use the Products to engage in conduct or share content:
Contrary to the Conditions, Community Standards and other conditions and regulations applicable to the user's use of Facebook.
Unlawful, deceptive, discriminatory or fraudulent.
Against or in violation of the rights of other users, including their intellectual property rights.
You may not upload viruses or malicious code, or do anything that may disable, overload or prevent the proper functioning or appearance of the Facebook Products.
The user cannot access or collect data from Facebook Products using automated means (without the prior authorization of Facebook) or attempt to access data that the user does not have permission to access.
Facebook can remove or block content that violates these provisions.
In the event Facebook removes user-shared content due to a violation of the Community Standards, Facebook will notify you and explain the options available to you to request a review, unless you seriously or repeatedly violate these. Conditions or in the event that doing so exposes Facebook or other users to legal liability, damages the Facebook user community, compromises or interferes with the integrity or operation of Facebook services, systems or Products, there are restrictions due to limits technical or it is forbidden to do so for legal reasons.
To support its community, Facebook encourages you to report content or conduct that you believe violates your rights (including intellectual property rights) or Facebook's terms and policies.
Facebook may remove or restrict access to its content, services or information if it determines that such action is reasonably necessary to avoid or reduce negative legal or regulatory consequences on Facebook.
Permissions granted by the user to Facebook
The user must grant certain permissions to allow Facebook to provide its services:
Permissions to use content created and shared by the user: Some content shared or uploaded by the user, such as photos or videos, may be protected by intellectual property laws.
The user owns the intellectual property rights (aspects such as copyrights or registered trademarks) of the content he creates and shares on Facebook and on the other products of the Facebook companies he uses.
Nothing in these Conditions deprives the user of the rights he owns in relation to their contents.
The user is free to share their content with anyone, wherever they want.
However, the user must grant Facebook, for the provision of its services, certain legal permissions (known as "licenses") for the use of the content in question.
This is done for the sole purpose of providing and improving Facebook Products and services, as described in Section 1 above.
Specifically, when the user shares, publishes or uploads content protected by intellectual property rights in connection with or in connection with the Facebook Products, he grants a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, non-royalty and valid license in worldwide for the transmission, use, distribution, modification, execution, copying, public execution or display, translation and creation of derivative works of its contents (in compliance with app of the user).
This implies, for example, that if the user shares a photo on Facebook, he authorizes Facebook to store it, copy it and share it with other subjects (always respecting their settings), such as service providers that support the service or other Products. of Facebook that the user uses.
This license ceases to exist once user content is deleted from Facebook systems.
The user can delete the contents individually or collectively by deleting their account.
Learn more about how to delete your account.
The user can download a copy of his / her data at any time before deleting his / her account.
When the user deletes his own contents, they will no longer be visible to other users; however, they may continue to exist in other places within Facebook systems in the event that:
immediate deletion is not possible due to technical limitations (in these cases, the contents will be deleted within a maximum of 90 days from the date of deletion by the user);
the user's content has been used by other users in compliance with this license and has not been deleted (in which case, this license will continue to apply until the content is deleted); or
in cases where immediate deletion would limit Facebook's ability to:
identify or investigate illegal activity or violations of Facebook policies and policies (e.g.,
identify or investigate misuse of Facebook Products or systems);
comply with a legal obligation, such as the retention of evidence; or
comply with a request from judicial or administrative authorities, law enforcement agencies or government agencies.
In these cases, the contents will be kept for a period not exceeding what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were kept (the exact duration will vary according to the situation).
In each of the above cases, the license will continue to exist until the content is completely deleted.
Authorization to use name, profile picture and information relating to user actions with advertisements and sponsored content: the user authorizes Facebook to use their name, profile picture and information relating to actions taken on Facebook relating to or in connection with advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that Facebook displays within its Products, without any remuneration for its benefit.
For example, Facebook may show your friends that you are interested in a sponsored event or that the user has "liked" a Page created by a brand that has paid Facebook to show their ads on Facebook.
Ads of this kind can only be viewed by individuals who have the user's authorization to view their actions on Facebook.
You can find out more about your ad settings and preferences.
Authorization to update software in use or downloaded: If you download or use Facebook software, you grant Facebook permission to download and install updates to the software, where available.
Limitations on the use of Facebook's intellectual property
If the user uses content covered by intellectual property rights owned by Facebook and made available in its Products (eg.
images, projects, videos or sounds provided by Facebook and which are added by the user to the contents created or shared on Facebook), Facebook reserves all rights relating to such contents (excluding those of the user).
You may use Facebook copyrights or trademarks (or any similar trademark) only as expressly permitted by the Brand Usage Guidelines or with the prior written permission of Facebook.
You must obtain Facebook's written permission (or permission under an open source license) to modify, create derivative works, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from Facebook.
4.
Further provisions
Update of Facebook Terms
Facebook is constantly working to optimize its services and to develop new functions that can improve the Products for the user and for its community.
Therefore, Facebook may need to periodically update these Terms to accurately indicate its services and practices.
Facebook will make changes only if the provisions are no longer appropriate or if they are incomplete and only in cases where such changes are reasonable for you and take due account of your interests.
Facebook will notify the user (eg.
by e-mail or through the Products) at least 30 days before making changes to these Conditions and will give the user the opportunity to consult them before they come into force, unless the changes are required by law.
Once the updated Terms become effective, you will be bound by them if you continue to use the Products.
Facebook hopes that its Products will continue to be used.
However, if you do not accept the updated Terms and intend to leave the Facebook community, you can delete your account at any time.
Account Suspension or Termination
Facebook's goal is to make its users feel welcome and free to express themselves and share their thoughts and ideas.
If Facebook determines that the user has clearly, seriously or repeatedly violated its conditions or regulations, including in particular the Community Standards, Facebook may suspend or permanently disable the user's access to his account.
Facebook may also suspend or disable your account if you repeatedly violate the intellectual property rights of other users or if Facebook is required to do so for legal reasons.
If they do so, Facebook will notify you and explain the options available to you to request a review, unless this exposes Facebook or others to legal liability, damages the Facebook user community, compromises or interferes with 'integrity or operation of Facebook services, systems or Products, there are restrictions due to technical limitations or where it is forbidden to do so for legal reasons.
The user can find more information on what to do if their account is disabled or how to contact Facebook if they believe the account has been disabled by mistake.
If the account is deleted by the user or disabled by Facebook, these Conditions will cease to have validity of the contract between Facebook and the user, but the following provisions will remain in force: 3.3.1, 4.2-4.5.
Limitation of Liability
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit Facebook's liability in the event of death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by negligence or prejudice to your statutory rights.
Facebook will act with professional diligence in providing you with its Products and services and in ensuring a safe, secure and error-free environment.
Provided that it has acted with professional diligence, Facebook accepts no liability in relation to losses that are not caused by its own breach of these Terms or otherwise attributable to its actions, losses not reasonably foreseeable by the user and by Facebook at the time of 'acceptance of these Conditions and in relation to events beyond the reasonable control of Facebook.
Disputes
Facebook tries to provide clear rules in order to limit or hopefully avoid disputes with users.
In the event of a dispute, it is useful to know in advance the places where it can be resolved, as well as the laws applied.
In the context of consumers who habitually reside in a Member State of the European Union, the laws of the Member State in question apply in relation to any complaints, legal actions or disputes against Facebook arising from or related to these Terms or the Facebook Products (" complaint").
The complaint can be resolved before any competent court of the Member State that has jurisdiction over the complaint.
In all other cases, you agree that your complaint will be resolved before a competent court in the Republic of Ireland and that Irish law will govern these Terms and any complaints, regardless of any conflict of law provisions.
Other provisions
These Terms (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities) constitute the entire agreement between you and Facebook Ireland Limited in relation to your use of the Products.
They replace any previous agreements.
Some of the Products offered by Facebook are also governed by additional conditions.
In case of use of one of the Products in question, the user will be offered the opportunity to accept the additional conditions that will become part of the contract with the user.
For example, if you access or use the Products for commercial or business purposes, such as buying advertisements, selling products, developing apps, managing a group or a Page for your company or using the services of measurement, the user must accept the Facebook Business Terms.
If you post or share music content, you must comply with the Facebook Music Guidelines.
In the event of a conflict between these Terms and any additional terms, the latter shall apply within the conflict.
If any part of these Terms proves unenforceable, the remainder will remain valid and continue to have effect.
Failure to enforce any part of these Terms does not in any way constitute a waiver.
Any modification or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by Facebook.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations specified in these Terms to anyone else without the consent of Facebook.
The user can appoint a subject (called heir contact) to manage his commemorative account.
Only an heir contact or a designated person in a valid will or similar document expressing clear consent to the disclosure of content in the event of death or incapacity may request disclosure from the user's account once it is commemorated.
These Conditions do not confer any rights on third party beneficiaries.
All of Facebook's rights and obligations set forth in these Terms may be freely assigned by Facebook in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets or through a legal or other transaction.
In some circumstances, Facebook may need to change the username of an account (eg.
if a subject claims it and the username does not seem related to the name used in everyday life).
In such cases, Facebook will inform the user in advance and explain the reasons behind the operation.
Facebook always appreciates user feedback and suggestions regarding their products and services.
However, the user should know that Facebook may use such information without limits or obligations of remuneration towards the user and that Facebook has no obligation to keep it confidential.
5.
Additional conditions and regulations applicable to you
Community standards: these guidelines describe the standards regarding the content posted on Facebook by the user and the user's activities on Facebook and other Facebook Products.
Commercial conditions: these conditions apply if the user accesses or uses the Products also for commercial or business purposes, including advertising, use of an app on the Facebook Platform, use of measurement services, management of a group or a Page for a business or sale of goods or services.
Advertising Policies: These policies specify what types of advertising content are allowed for partners who advertise through Facebook Products.
Self-Service Advertising Terms: These terms apply to the use of self-service advertising interfaces to create, send or post advertisements or other commercial or sponsored content or activities.
Pages, Groups and Events Policy: These guidelines apply if the user creates or administers Facebook Pages, groups or events or if Facebook is used by the user to communicate or manage a promotion.
Facebook Platform Regulations: these guidelines illustrate the regulations applied to the use of the Facebook Platform by the user (eg.
for developers or operators of an app or website of the Platform or in case of use of social plug-ins).
Developer Payment Terms: These terms apply to app developers using Facebook Payments.
Community Payment Terms: These terms apply to payments made on or through Facebook.
Sales Regulations: These guidelines explain the regulations that apply when offering products and services for sale on Facebook.
Facebook Brand Assets: These guidelines outline the regulations applicable to the use of Facebook brands, logos, and screenshots.
Music guidelines: These guidelines describe the regulations that apply when you post or share content with music on Facebook.
Facebook Live Regulations: These regulations apply to all content transmitted via Facebook Live.
Messaging Service Terms Relevant to EU, EEA and UK Users: Terms applicable to messaging, calling and video calling services included in Facebook Products are listed here and here under EU law.
Date of last revision: 20 December 2020
