https://policies.google.com/terms/archive/20140430?hl=it
Google Terms of Service
Last modified: April 30, 2014 (view archived versions)
Welcome to Google!
Thank you for using our products and services ("Services").
The Services are provided by Google Inc. ("
Google »), located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
By using our Services, the user accepts these terms.
Please read them carefully.
Our Services are very heterogeneous, so sometimes other additional terms or requirements relating to specific products (including age requirements) may apply.
The additional terms will be available with the related Services and will form part of the contract entered into with us by the user in case of use of these Services.
Use of our Services
It is necessary to follow all the rules made available to the user within the Services.
Our Services must not be misused.
For example, it is forbidden to interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and instructions provided by us.
You may use our Services only in ways that are permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations.
We may suspend or interrupt the provision of our Services to the user if they do not comply with our terms or rules or if we are investigating a case of alleged unlawful behavior.
With the use of our Services, the user does not become the owner of any intellectual property rights on our Services or on the content accessed.
It is forbidden to use the content from our Services without having obtained the authorization from the owner or where it is not permitted by law.
These terms do not grant the user the right to use any trademark or logo used in our Services.
You may not remove, obscure or alter any legal notices displayed on or in conjunction with our Services.
Our Services display content that is not owned by Google.
Such contents are the sole responsibility of the person who makes them available.
We may reserve the right to examine the content to determine whether it is illegal or contrary to our rules, and we may also remove or refuse to view content if we have reasonable grounds to believe that it violates our rules or the law.
This does not necessarily mean that we review the content, nor can it be assumed.
In relation to the use of the Services by the user, we may send the latter service announcements, administrative messages and other information.
It is possible to disable the sending of some communications.
Some of our Services are available on mobile devices.
These Services must not be used if they can distract and cause violations of the highway code or safety laws.
The user's Google account
A Google account may be required to use some of our Services.
The Google account can be created by the user himself or assigned by an administrator, such as an employer or a school.
If the user uses a Google account assigned by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and the administrator may be able to access the account or disable it.
To protect the Google account, it is necessary to keep the password confidential.
The user is responsible for the activity carried out on or through their Google account.
It is advisable not to reuse the Google account password for third-party applications.
If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or Google account, please follow these instructions.
Privacy and copyright protection
Google's privacy policies explain how we process personal data and protect the user's privacy when they use our Services.
By using our Services, you agree that Google may use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and close the accounts of repeat infringers in accordance with the procedure set out in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online.
If the user believes that someone is infringing his copyright and wishes to report it to us, he can find information on sending notifications and Google's rules on responses to notifications in our Help Center.
User content in our Services
Some of our Services allow you to upload, transmit, store, send or receive content.
The user retains any intellectual property rights held on such content.
In short, what belongs to the user remains his property.
When you upload, transmit, store, send or receive content from or through our Services, you grant Google (and the partners we work with) a global license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works ( such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes made in such a way that the contents work best with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute the aforementioned contents.
The rights you grant under this license are for the limited purpose of using, promoting and improving our Services and developing new ones.
This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, if you have a business listing added to Google Maps).
Some Services may offer ways of accessing and removing the content provided to that Service.
Additionally, some of our Services have terms or settings that restrict the scope of our use of content posted to those Services.
You must ensure that you have the necessary rights to grant us this license with respect to any content submitted to our Services.
Our automated systems analyze user content (including emails) in order to deliver personally relevant product features, such as personalized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
This analysis occurs when the contents are transmitted, received and stored.
If the user has a Google account, the name and profile photo as well as the operations carried out on Google or through third-party applications connected to the Google account (such as +1, write reviews and post comments) can be viewed by Google on its Services, including display in ads and other commercial contexts.
We will respect the choices made by the user in order to limit the sharing or visibility settings within their Google account.
For example, the user can choose his settings so that his name and image are not displayed in an advertisement.
For more information on how Google uses and stores content, you can consult the privacy policies or additional terms of the specific Services.
If the user sends feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use such feedback or suggestions without any obligation towards the user.
Information about the software in our Services
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, such software may automatically update on the user's device if a new version or feature is available.
In some Services, you may be able to change the automatic update settings.
Google grants the user a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided by Google within the Services.
The sole purpose of this license is to allow the user to use the Services provided by Google and to take advantage of the related benefits, in the manner permitted by these terms.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease portions of our Services or the included software, or reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code from such software, unless the law prohibits such restrictions or in cases where you have our written permission.
Open source software is important to us.
Some software programs used in our Services may be offered with an open source license that we will make available to the user.
The open source license may include provisions that expressly override some of these terms.
Modification and interruption of the provision of the Services
We are constantly working to modify and improve our Services.
We may add or remove functionality or features and we may suspend or discontinue the provision of a Service altogether.
The user can stop using our Services at any time, although we will be sorry to see him go away.
Google may also interrupt the provision of Services to the user or establish new access limits to the Services at any time.
It is our opinion that the user's data is his property and that maintaining his access to such data is important.
In the event of an interruption in the provision of a Service, where reasonably possible, we will offer the user reasonable notice and the ability to remove information from that Service.
Warranties and Limitations of Liability
For our Services we set a commercially responsible level of competence and attention and we hope that their use is pleasing to users.
However, we cannot make promises about some aspects of our Services.
Except as expressly defined in these terms or additional terms, neither Google nor its suppliers or distributors make specific warranties in relation to the Services.
For example, we make no warranties on the contents of the Services, on the specific function of the Services and on their reliability, availability or ability to meet the user's needs.
The Services are provided "as is".
Some jurisdictions provide certain guarantees, such as the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and eviction.
To the extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties.
Liability for our Services
When permitted by law, Google and its suppliers and distributors will not be liable for any loss of profits, revenue or data, financial loss or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages.
To the extent permitted by law, the total liability of Google and its suppliers and distributors with respect to any claim made under these terms, including claims for any implied warranties, is limited to the amount paid to us by you for the use of the Services (or, at our discretion, a new provision of the Services).
In any event, Google and its suppliers and distributors will not be liable for any loss or damage that is not reasonably foreseeable.
We are aware that in some countries the user may have legal rights as a consumer.
If the user uses the Services for a personal purpose, nothing in these terms or in any additional terms will limit the legal rights of consumers which cannot be waived by contract.
Business uses of our Services
If our Services are used on behalf of a company, the company must accept these terms.
The company must indemnify and protect Google and its affiliates, officers, agents and employees from any and all claims, lawsuits or actions arising out of or relating to the use of the Services or breach of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, lawsuits, judgments, court and legal fees.
Information about these Terms
We may change these terms or any additional terms applicable to a Service, for example to reflect changes in laws or our Services.
The terms must be consulted regularly.
We will post notices regarding changes to terms on this page.
Notifications of any changes to additional terms will be posted on the relevant Service.
The changes will not be retroactive and will take effect no earlier than fourteen days after the date of publication.
However, any changes related to the new functions of a Service or any changes made for legal reasons will take effect immediately.
If the user does not accept the modified terms of a Service, he is invited to stop using it.
In the event of a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will prevail.
These terms govern the relationship between Google and the user, and do not give rise to any rights of third party beneficiaries.
If the user does not comply with these terms, the failure to promptly take measures on our part cannot be understood as a waiver of any rights we have (for example, the right to take action in the future).
Should a specific provision prove to be inapplicable, this inapplicability will not extend to the other provisions.
The courts of some countries will not enforce California law for certain types of disputes.
If the user resides in one of these countries, where the application of the laws of California is excluded, the laws of the user's country will be valid for such disputes relating to these terms.
Otherwise, in the event of any dispute arising out of these terms or the Services or related thereto, you agree that the laws of California, USA will apply, excluding California's private international law regulations.
Similarly, if the courts in your country do not allow you to recognize the jurisdiction and jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, the jurisdiction and jurisdiction of the court will be deemed to exist for such disputes related to these terms. of the user.
Otherwise, all claims arising from or related to these terms or Services will be filed exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and Google and you consent to personal jurisdiction in such courts.
For information on how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.
