Terms of use
Facebook Ireland Limited changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
We have updated our Terms of Use, our Data Policy and our Cookie Policy to incorporate the new name starting January 4, 2022.
The company name has changed, but we continue to offer the same products, including the Meta Instagram app.
Our Data Policy and Terms of Use remain in effect.
Furthermore, the change of name does not affect our use of the data or its sharing.
Find out more about Meta and our metaverse project.
Terms of use
Welcome to Instagram!
These Terms of Use (or "Conditions") govern the use of Instagram, except in cases of explicit indication about the application of separate conditions (other than these), and provide information about the Instagram Service (the "Service") , described below.
By creating an Instagram account or using Instagram, you agree to these Terms.
Meta's Terms of Use do not apply to this Service.
Click here for a Summary of the Agreement and here for other information that we are required to provide under the European Electronic Communications Code.
For EU-based companies that use Shopping on Instagram to sell goods to consumers located in the European Union, you can find out more about your business relationship with us by consulting the Platform to Business Notice which is in addition to our Terms of Business. use.
The Instagram Service is one of the Meta Products provided by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
These Terms of Use constitute a contract between you and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
imprint
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
Protocol number: 462932
To contact us by email:
Network Enforcement Act ("NetzDG")
For more information on NetzDG and how to submit reports regarding content deemed illegal under the NetzDG, please visit our NetzDG Help Center page.
Law enforcement agencies may request information under the NetzDG through the Law Enforcement Online Inquiry System.
Officials for administrative and civil proceedings pursuant to Sect.
5(1) del NetzDG: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Berlin), Potsdamer Platz 1, 10785, Berlin.
Copyright Service Providers Act ("UrhDaG")
The recipient authorized pursuant to Sect.
20 dell'UrhDaG per le notifiche nei procedimenti giudiziari è: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Düsseldorf), Feldmühleplatz 1, 40545 Düsseldorf.
Information for state media supervisors
Any administrative notifications under the German Media Treaty (Medienstaatvertrag) to Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
Possono essere inviate a: Facebook Germany GmbH, c/o Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Hohe Bleichen 7, 20354 Hamburg.
Content classification
Here we provide information on content classification.
The Instagram service
We agree to provide the Instagram Service to you.
The Service includes all Instagram products, functions, apps, services, technologies and software that we provide to support Instagram's mission: to bring you closer to people and items of interest to you.
The Service consists of the following aspects:
Offering personalized opportunities for creation, connection, communication, discovery and sharing.
People are different.
We want to strengthen relationships through shared experiences of real interest to the user.
Therefore, we develop systems to try to understand who and what is of interest to you and others and we use that information to help you create, find, participate and share relevant experiences.
This involves highlighting content, features, offers and accounts that may be of interest to the user and offering ways of using Instagram based on the actions taken by the individual user and by all users inside and outside Instagram. .
Promoting a positive, inclusive and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and provide resources to our community members to help them make their experiences positive and inclusive, including when we feel they may need help.
We also have teams and systems that work to combat misuse and violations of our Terms and Regulations and harmful and deceptive behavior.
We use all information we have, including information about you, to keep the platform safe.
We may also share information related to misuse or harmful content with other Meta companies or law enforcement agencies.
For more information, you can consult our Data Policy.
Development and use of technologies that help us to constantly support the growth of our community.
Organizing and analyzing information for the growth of our community is critical to our Service.
A substantial portion of our Service involves the creation and use of cutting-edge technologies that help us customize, protect and improve our Service at scale for a global community.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning allow us to apply complex processes to our Services.
Automated technologies also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.
Offering consistent, seamless experiences across other products from Meta companies.
Instagram is part of the Meta Companies, which share technologies, systems, statistical data and information, including user details (more information in the Data Regulation), in order to provide better, safer and more secure services.
We also provide ways to interact in Meta companies 'products and design systems to ensure a seamless and consistent experience across Meta companies' products.
Guarantee of access to our Service.
To operate our Global Service, we must store and transfer data in our systems around the world, including outside your country of residence.
The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to provide our Service.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Meta Platforms, Inc.,
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or its affiliates.
Connection with brands, products and services of interest to the user.
We use data from Instagram and other products of Meta companies, as well as third party partners, to show advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that we find interesting to you.
We try to make this content as relevant as other user experiences on Instagram.
Research and innovation.
We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Service and to collaborate with others on research in order to improve our Service and contribute to the well-being of our community.
This includes analyzing the user data Facebook owns and understanding how people use our Services, such as conducting surveys and tests and troubleshooting new features.
Methods of financing our Service
Instead of paying for the use of Instagram, by using the Service governed by these Conditions, the user acknowledges that Facebook can show advertisements whose promotion inside and outside the products of Meta companies takes place against payment by companies and organizations .
We use your personal data (eg.
information on activities and interests) to show him the most relevant advertisements.
Facebook shows the user relevant and useful advertisements without revealing their identity to advertisers.
Facebook does not sell the user's personal data.
We allow advertisers to tell us things such as their business goals and the type of audience they want to show their ads to.
Facebook then shows the ads to users who may be interested.
Facebook also provides advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to allow them to understand how users interact with their content on and off Instagram.
For example, we provide general demographics and interest information to advertisers to enable them to better understand their audience.
Facebook does not share information that directly identifies the user (information such as the user's name or email address that can be used to contact or identify the user) without the user's specific permission.
Learn more about how Instagram ads work here.
On Instagram, the user may see branded content posted by account holders who promote products or services based on a business relationship with the business partner mentioned in their content.
The user can find more information here.
Data regulation
To provide our Service, we need to collect and use user information.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use and share information in Meta Products.
The document also explains how you can control your information, including in Instagram's privacy and security settings.
User commitment
In exchange for our commitment to provide the Service, you must make the following commitments to us.
Who can use Instagram: We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we also want it to be safe, secure and compliant with the law.
Therefore, the user is required to comply with some legal restrictions in order to be part of the Instagram community.
The user must be at least 13 years old.
You should not be subject to any prohibitions relating to receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable law or making payments related to the Services if you are on a list of prohibited parties.
Your account must not have been disabled for violating the law or any of our policies.
The user must not have been convicted of sexual offenses.
Uses of Instagram not allowed.
Everyone must accept their responsibilities to offer a secure and open Service to an extended community.
You may not use the identity of others or provide inaccurate information.
You are not required to disclose your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up-to-date information (including subscription information), which may include providing personal data.
Furthermore, the user cannot assume identities other than his own and cannot create accounts for other people, unless explicitly authorized by them.
You may not act illegitimately, deceptively or fraudulently or for any purpose that is unlawful or unauthorized.
You may not violate (or help or encourage others to do so) these Terms or our policies, in particular the Instagram Community Guidelines, the Meta Platform Terms and the Developer Regulations and Music Guidelines. .
If you post branded content you must comply with our Branded Content Policies, which require you to use our branded content tool.
More information on how to report behavior or content can be found in our Help Center.
The user may not engage in behavior designed to interfere with or impair the operation that is intended for our Service.
This includes the misuse of channels for reporting, contesting or appealing, for example submitting fraudulent or unfounded reports or appeals.
You may not attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in unauthorized ways.
This includes creating accounts or collecting information with automated systems without our express permission.
You may not sell, license or purchase accounts or data obtained from Facebook or its Service.
This includes attempts to buy, sell or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username), request, collect or use other user's login credentials or badges, or request or collect Instagram usernames or passwords or use access token improperly.
You may not post another person's private or confidential information without permission or take any action that violates the rights of third parties, including intellectual property rights (eg.
infringement of copyright, infringement of registered trademarks, sale of counterfeit or pirated goods).
You may use the works of another person subject to exceptions or limitations to copyright and other related rights under applicable law.
The user declares that he / she owns or has obtained all the necessary rights in relation to the content he publishes or shares.
More information, including how to report any content that appears to infringe intellectual property rights, can be found here.
You may not modify, transform, create derivative works or trace the source code of our products or their components.
You may not use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written permission.
Authorizations granted by the user: as part of the contract, the user grants us the necessary authorizations for the provision of the Service.
We do not claim ownership of your content, but it grants us a license to use it.
The user's rights relating to its contents are not subject to any changes.
We do not claim ownership of content posted by you on or through the Service and you are free to share your content with anyone at any time.
However, you must grant certain permissions (known as a "license") to allow us to provide the Service.
When the user shares, publishes or uploads content covered by intellectual property rights (eg.
photos or videos) in connection with or in connection with our Service, grants us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable and global license for the storage, use, distribution, modification, execution, copying, public execution or display, translation and creation of derivative works of its contents (in compliance with the app and privacy settings) in order to make the Instagram Service available.
This license will cease to exist once your content is deleted from our systems.
The user can delete the contents individually or collectively by deleting their account.
For more information on how we use information and how to control or delete your content, you can consult the Data Policy and access the Instagram Help Center.
Use of Username, Profile Picture, and Relationship and Action Information with Accounts, Ads and Sponsored Content.
You can use your username, profile picture, and action information (eg.
i "likes") or user relationships (eg.
the profiles that follow) in the context of or in connection with accounts, advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that follows or with which it interacts that are displayed on the Meta Products, without any remuneration towards it.
For example, we can show that the user has "liked" a sponsored post created by a brand that pays us to show its ads on Instagram.
Like actions on other content and other followed accounts, actions on sponsored content and followed sponsored accounts can only be viewed by people who have the relevant permissions.
We will respect your ad settings.
More information on ad settings can be found here.
You agree that we may download and install updates to the Service on your device.
Additional rights we reserve
If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it, where deemed appropriate or necessary (eg.
in case of violation of the intellectual property rights of others or use of an identity that does not correspond to one's own).
If the user uses content covered by intellectual property rights that we own and made available in our Services (eg.
images, projects, videos or sounds that we provide and are added by the user to the content created or shared by it), we reserve all rights relating to such content (excluding those of the user).
You may use our intellectual property rights and trademarks or similar elements only as expressly permitted by our Brand Use Guidelines or after obtaining our prior written permission.
You must obtain our written permission or authorization under an open source license to modify, create derivative works, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract our source code.
Removal of content and disabling or terminating your account
Any content or information shared on the Service by the user may be removed if found to be in violation of these Terms of Use, our policies (including the Instagram Community Guidelines) or in the cases required by law.
We have the right to refuse or interrupt all or part of the provision of the Service to you (including by interrupting or disabling access to Meta Products and Meta Company Products) immediately in order to protect our community or our services in the event of: creating risk or legal exposure to our detriment, violation of these Terms of Use or our policies (including the Instagram Community Guidelines), repeated violation of the intellectual property rights of third parties or in the cases permitted or provided by law.
We may also cease or modify the Service, remove or block the content or information shared on our Service or interrupt, in whole or in part, the provision of the Service if we reasonably deem it necessary to avoid or mitigate any legal or administrative consequences that are detrimental to us. .
If we remove content from us, we will notify you and explain the options available to you to request another check, unless you severely or repeatedly violate these Terms or if doing so exposes we or others are legally liable, harm our community of users, impair or interfere with the integrity or operation of our services, systems or products, have restrictions due to technical limitations, or are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
You can consult our Help Center if you believe your account has been closed in error or if you want to disable or permanently delete your account.
When the user requests to delete the content or their account, the deletion process begins automatically within 30 days of the request.
Once the process begins, it may take up to 90 days to delete content.
During the process of deleting content, it is no longer visible to other users, but remains subject to these Terms of Use and our Data Policy.
Once the contents are deleted, removal from the backup and disaster recovery systems may take an additional 90 days.
Our right of termination for just cause remains unaffected.
We speak of just cause specifically when a party violates the obligations under these Conditions, laws, third party rights or privacy regulations, and the party exercising the termination cannot be expected to continue the contractual relationship in consideration of all the circumstances of the individual case and having weighed the interests of both parties until the agreed time of termination or the expiry of a notice period.
Termination for just cause is only possible within a reasonable time after the discovery of the violation.
If the cause is a breach of an obligation of these Terms, termination is only permitted after the expiration of the unsuccessful grace period granted or following an unsuccessful warning.
However, it is not necessary to grant a time limit for repentance if the other party refuses to perform its obligations seriously and definitively or if special circumstances warrant immediate termination, following the assessment of the interests of both parties.
You can consult our Help Center if you believe your account has been closed in error or if you want to disable or permanently delete your account.
Content will not be deleted within 90 days of starting the content and account deletion process in the following situations:
Your content has been used by other users in accordance with this license and has not been deleted by them (in which case, this license will continue to apply until the content is deleted).
Deletion of content within 90 days is not feasible due to technical limitations of our systems.
In this case, we will complete the deletion as soon as technically possible.
In cases where immediate deletion limited our ability to:
investigate or investigate illegal activities or violations of our terms and regulations (e.g.,
identify or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
protect the security of our products, systems and users;
comply with a legal obligation, such as the retention of evidence; or
comply with a request from judicial or administrative authorities, law enforcement agencies or government agencies.
In these cases, the contents will be kept for a period not exceeding what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were kept (the exact duration will vary according to the situation).
In the event of deletion or disabling of a user's account, these Conditions cease to have contractual value between the user and Facebook, however this section and the section below entitled "Our agreement and consequences of our non-acceptance" will continue to find application even after closing, disabling or deleting the account.
Our contract and consequences of our non-acceptance
Our contract.
The use of music content on our Service is also governed by our Music Guidelines, while the use of our APIs is governed by the Meta Platform Terms and Developer Regulations.
If you use certain related functions or services, you will be given the opportunity to accept the additional conditions that will become part of our agreement.
For example, if you are using the payment features, you will need to accept the Community Payment Terms.
In case there is a conflict between these conditions and this contract, those conditions will prevail.
In case of inapplicability of any aspect of this contract, the remaining parts of the same will remain in force.
Any modification or waiver of this agreement must be made in writing and signed by us.
Failure to enforce any aspect of this agreement does not in any way constitute a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Rights holders under this contract.
This contract does not grant rights to third parties.
The user may not transfer the obligations or rights under this contract without our consent.
Our rights and obligations may be assigned to others.
For example, this could happen in the event of a change in our ownership (through a merger, acquisition or sale of assets) or by law.
Responsible parties if something happens.
Our liability is limited to the following.
According to the statutory provisions, our liability is unlimited in the event of injuries with negative consequences for life, body or health, in the event of willful misconduct, gross negligence and in accordance with the Produkthaftungsgesetz.
Without limiting any of the foregoing, we are liable for slight negligence only in the event of a breach of an "essential" obligation under this contract.
By "essential" obligations we mean the obligations necessary for the execution of the contract, the violation of which would compromise the purpose of the same and whose fulfillment is expected.
In these cases, liability is limited to typical and foreseeable damages.
In other cases, there is no liability for slight negligence.
Dispute management.
In the event of complaints or disputes relating to the use of the Service by the user as a consumer, the user and Facebook agree to resolve individual disputes and complaints before a competent court of the country of main residence of the user that has jurisdiction about.
In this case, the laws of the country in question apply, regardless of the conflict-of-law provisions.
In the event of a complaint or dispute arising from the use of the Service in any other capacity, including, but not limited to, access and use of the Service for business or commercial purposes, the user accepts its resolution before to a competent court in Ireland and accepts the application of Irish law, regardless of the conflict of law provisions.
Materials not required.
We always appreciate feedback or other suggestions, but we can use them without any limitation or obligation of remuneration towards you and we are not required to maintain their confidentiality.
Update of these Conditions
We may make changes to our Service and policies, and we may change these Terms to accurately reflect our Service and policies.
We will only make changes to provisions that are no longer appropriate or incomplete and only in cases where they are reasonable for you in consideration of your interests.
Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you of the changes and choices available (eg.
through our Service) at least 30 days before updating these Terms and we will allow you to consult them before they come into force.
If you continue to use the Service, you must comply with the updated Terms.
If you do not wish to accept these Terms or any updates to them, you can delete your account here.
Revision: January 4, 2022
