Termini del Klarna Shopping Service
These terms are written in Italian and English.
In case of discrepancy between the two versions, the one in Italian will prevail.
These terms and conditions represent an agreement between Klarna Bank AB (publ), including its overseas branches ("Klarna", "we", "us" or "our") and you ("you" and "your" ) for the use of Klarna's services and features described in these terms, and any subsequent changes that may be made (the "Services").
By registering to use the Services, you enter into an agreement with Klarna by accepting these terms.
You acknowledge that each time you use our Services, you are deemed to accept the current version of these terms.
You can access the latest version of these terms at any time via the Klarna App or on our website.
You can also download the terms here.
DESCRIPTION OF
For Klarna, shopping isn't just about finding great items and paying for them, it's also about enjoying a super shopping experience at their favorite store, a cutting-edge app, and more.
Simply put, a simple user experience both before and after making a purchase.
These terms explain in detail what this means.
Please note that if you choose to pay through any of the Services offered by Klarna, additional terms may apply to that particular Service.
If you decide to take advantage of Klarna's Financial Services, these terms and the financial terms relating to the requested Financial Service or Services will apply jointly between you and Klarna.
ACCOUNT NOT CLEAR
By agreeing to these terms and using one of our payment methods at a merchant's checkout or by downloading and logging into the Klarna App, you acknowledge that a Klarna User Account will be created.
1.
AUTOMATIC COMPILATION AND PREFERENCES
In order to provide you with a simple and frictionless shopping experience, we will store some information about you and use it to auto-fill forms while you shop.
This will save you time and focus on more important things than filling out the same information every time.
Here are some more details on how it works.
Autofill while shopping with Klarna
When using Klarna for the first time, you will be asked to create a Klarna user account to make your future interactions with Klarna even easier.
We will store this information in our systems so that when you return to us or use one of our Services, you will only need to provide us with little information.
We will treat all personal information we collect when creating your Klarna user account in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
In cases where we are able to identify you, we may automatically fill in certain information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth and card details.
Autofill is based on information stored on your Klarna user account.
An example of when autofill is used is when you buy directly from the Klarna App.
2.
KLARNA APP
The Klarna App, which you can access via mobile application or web portal, is your Online Shopping Assistant, which is your control center for all your Klarna purchases and all the other great features offered by Klarna.
Through the Klarna App you can pay for your purchases, track your packages and much more.
Some of these features are activated by downloading the App or logging in via the web portal, while others can be activated by you after you log in.
Klarna wants to offer you the best shopping experience and the ability to search a large number of stores on the Klarna App.
We may not have a business relationship with all stores displayed or searchable through the Klarna App.
In this case Klarna acts as a web browser or search engine, simply redirecting you to the store's website.
The exact content of the features may differ between the different versions of the Klarna App available in specific countries.
Klarna continuously updates the Klarna App with new and better and better features.
Here are some of the features we're most proud of:
Functionality:
View transactions and purchases made with Klarna
Payment management
Simple interaction with Klarna
Examples of other features we can offer based on the specific country version:
Shopping services, such as search functions, an overview of the stores we think are of interest to you, along with personalized suggestions, offers and other content
Shop using Klarna's payment methods - even in stores that don't yet use Klarna
Order, delivery or package tracking
Easy management of returns and refunds
Personal finance overview and management
View and archive transactions, purchases, receipts, images and more
Footprint of CO2 emissions on your purchases
View orders placed through stores or entities unrelated to Klarna
Creation and sharing of collections of goods or services of your choice
An assistant that offers suggestions to help you enter various information (such as payment method, card details, shipping address) using autofill.
Display of transactions made with one of our subsidiaries Sofort GmbH, Billpay GmbH and Klarna Inc.
The display will take place only after you have enabled it from the services of the various companies.
Transaction data (for example: name, address, bank account number / IBAN, sort code / BIC, reason for payment, date and amount, order details) will then be shared with Klarna.
As a user of the Klarna App you can, at your discretion, upload, publish and share your content, such as collections, images and nicknames.
You are aware that by sharing content, you make it publicly available, which means that some information about you will be available to third parties and may be used and shared further by other people.
You may only upload, post or share content that you have the right to use for these purposes and that does not violate the law, this Agreement or the rights of any third party.
You agree not to upload, post or share content that is illegal, fraudulent, abusive, threatening, infringing the rights of others, offensive or criminal (such as disputes against ethnic groups, child pornography or illegal depictions of violence) or; transmission of content that contains viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, adware, malware or other harmful programs; dissemination of unsolicited advertising (spam) or any other form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, without any obligation, to monitor, review, adjust, disable or remove content, without notifying you or any third party, in its sole discretion.
You are the only person responsible for uploading, posting and sharing content and you agree to indemnify Klarna and hold harmless for any damage, loss or cost incurred as a result of uploading, posting or sharing content, including in connection with claims. of third parties against Klarna.
3.
SHOW PAST PURCHASES AND TRANSACTIONS
We save information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App.
As part of the Services provided under these terms, Klarna allows you to view information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App.
If you want to learn more about how Klarna uses this information and other information we have about you, please see our Privacy Policy.
4.
OFFERS AND ADVANTAGES
Klarna can offer you offers and benefits such as discounts, special events, early access to products, commercial promotions, seller offers, sample products and complimentary products.
The offers and benefits you receive will depend on your past activities, such as the number of purchases, purchase amounts, or use of the Klarna Services.
ARE THERE ANY COSTS FOR THE SERVICES?
The services are free.
Please note that for specific Services offered by Klarna, interest and fees may apply.
So be sure to check the specific information about each Service you use.
IMPROVEMENT OF SERVICES
We are constantly working to improve our services so that you can get an even smoother user experience.
This may require changes to these terms.
In this case, you will be asked to accept the new terms before you can continue to use the Services.
PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA
To the extent that you determine our processing of information, for example by uploading, posting or sharing data in the Klarna App, about you indicating political or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health or sex life data, etc. (the so-called special categories of personal data, pursuant to EU Regulation 2016/679 (the "GDPR")), you give your explicit consent to the processing of such data to perform our Services.
In order to offer you the Services, we need to process your personal data: we invite you to read our Privacy Policy for a more detailed understanding of how we treat and protect your data.
PAYMENTS BY CARD
When you make a purchase with Klarna, you can set up and use a variety of different funding sources, including debit, credit or prepaid cards.
Your funding source will be saved in your Klarna user account until you modify / remove it from your profile or if the user account is deleted.
By choosing to save your card details with Klarna you authorize Klarna to charge this funding source for any subsequent use of Klarna when you shop with us.
The charge will not be made until a purchase is made.
If your default funding source cannot be charged for a purchase, including installment plans or subscriptions, if applicable, you authorize Klarna to attempt to charge the other funding sources, registered to your Klarna user account.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS
You undertake to provide correct information and to use your personal and correct identity.
Any use of information that does not belong to you or that, for other reasons, you do not have authorization to use, or use of the Services in a way that is not prescribed, will be considered improper use.
All data concerning improper use, even suspicious, can be saved and used for future risk assessments and for the protection of the parties involved.
Klarna reserves the right to prevent further use of the Services.
If you upload or share content on Klarna, you grant Klarna a free right to use and view the content for the purpose of providing the Services.
We have the right to remove any content uploaded or shared by the user if required by law or if we believe that the content is offensive, inappropriate, illegal, infringes the rights of others or otherwise objectionable.
You are responsible for any content you upload or share.
You acknowledge and agree that if you upload, import or share content that is offensive, threatening or infringing, or that Klarna can reasonably assume that it is violating, the law or your agreement with Klarna, we may terminate or disable your use of the Klarna App.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Some functions used by the user, such as parcel tracking, may include services provided by third parties.
The use of Google Maps at checkout (for example by searching for your address in the address field) and within the Klarna App is subject to the current version of the Google Maps / Google Earth Additional Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy of Google.
In addition, to prevent abuse of the Klarna App through the web portal, Klarna can use reCAPTCHA, making the user subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
The Klarna App is available through third party distribution platforms ("Application Stores").
Pre-registration at the relevant Application Store may be required.
Klarna has no influence on the collection, processing and use of personal data by the respective operators of the Application Stores.
DURATION AND TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT
This agreement is concluded for an indefinite period of time.
The Agreement will apply until terminated, which may take place at any time by you or us.
If you have a pending payment or if you use a service provided by Klarna that has a fixed duration (and has not expired) or a service subject to a notice period (which has not expired), you will not be able to terminate this Agreement.
Please note that, in the event of termination, your use of the Service, including features provided or managed through the Klarna App, will no longer be available.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
By using our Services, you consent and agree that Klarna Bank AB may provide all communications, payment information, terms, legally required disclosures and other information to you electronically, including via the Klarna website, App or the email addresses you have provided to us.
You understand and confirm that you will need the following to receive and retain communications:
A computer or mobile device with an Internet connection
A valid email address and mobile number
Contact information update
It is your responsibility to ensure that Klarna has your current email address and mobile number so that we can communicate with you electronically.
If you need to update your primary email address, please contact Customer Service to make the change.
If an electronic communication is not received by you due to an outdated e-mail address, that communication will be considered by us to have been received by you on a regular basis.
Requests
If you have any questions about electronic communications in general, please contact Customer Service.
ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER
You cannot transfer or assign any rights or obligations you own under these terms.
To the extent not already permitted by applicable law, we may transfer or assign these terms or any rights or obligations under these terms at any time, provided that such transfer or assignment does not affect your rights and obligations under these terms to your detriment. under these terms.
THE READY
Klarna Bank AB (publ), with its registered office at Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, is a Swedish bank registered in the Swedish commercial register with registration number 556737-0431.
The managing director is Sebastian Siemiatkowski.
Klarna Bank AB (publ) is licensed to provide financial services by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish financial supervisory authority).
On the Finansinspektionen website you can find details of Klarna's registration with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and a list of the countries to which Klarna's services have been passported.
Contact form: klarna.com/it/customer-service.
COMPLAINTS
For complaints relating to the Klarna Services, the information provided at https://www.klarna.com/it/ applies.
By using our Services, you consent and agree that Klarna will provide all complaint-related communications electronically.
If you have a complaint against Klarna, you can submit your complaint via the Klarna Customer Service webpage, using the chat feature or by sending us an email.
contact the Italian Financial Banking Arbitrator (Financial Banking Arbitrator or "ABF").
In short, ABF is an alternative dispute resolution (ADR) system that is often used by customers in Italy because it is generally faster and less expensive than the Court.
If you are not satisfied with the ABF's decision or if Klarna does not comply with the decision in your favor, you can still go to court.
For further information on the ABF you can consult the website www.arbitrobancariofinanziario.it or ask the branches of the Bank of Italy or Klarna;
you can appeal to the ordinary court as an alternative to the above, but you will first be obliged to activate a mandatory mediation procedure at:
the Italian bank financial mediator (Financial Banking Conciliator or "CBF").
For further information on CBF, you can consult the website www.conciliatorebancario.it; or
one of the other mediation bodies available, specialized in banking and financial matters, registered in the special register held by the Ministry of Justice.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
Our contractual relationship will be governed by Italian law.
Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Service will be subject to the Court of your domicile.
Last updated: September 15, 2021.
