mySugr GmbH
General Terms and Conditions (GTC)
Version of 25 September 2018
1.
SCOPE OF
1.1 Our Products
1.2 Validity of our General Terms and Conditions
1.3 Third Party Suppliers
2.
PRIVACY
3.
STIPULATION OF THE CONTRACT AND REGISTRATION
3.1 Purchase and payment of our Products
3.2 Registration and activation
4. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL AND REVOCATION
4.1 Information on exercising the right of withdrawal
4.2.
Exceptions from the right of withdrawal
5.
USE OF OUR PRODUCTS
5.1 Duration of use and termination
5.2 Blocking and exclusion
5.3 License and Grant of Rights
5.4 Availability of our Products
6.
USER CONDUCT
6.1 General indications
6.2 Improper use
7.
LIABILITY ON OUR PART
7.1 Warranty and liability
7.2.
Disclaimer and Disclaimer
8.
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
8.1 mySugr Bolus Calculator
9.
FINAL PROVISIONS
9.1 Choice of law
9.2 Competent Forum
9.3 Other
The updated version of these General Terms and Conditions is available and downloadable in PDF format from our website www.mysugr.com.
1.
SCOPE OF
1.1 Our Products
1.1.1 We, the company
mySugr GmbH
1010 Wien, Trattnerhof 1
+43 720 884555, support@mysugr.com
FN 376086 v (Vienna Commercial Register)
DVR 4015732, UID ATU67061939
(hereinafter “mySugr”) we develop and manage an interactive platform and mobile applications (apps) for diabetics.
mySugr is a digital health company that wishes to offer you, as a person with diabetes, a complete service to minimize the obstacles and problems of daily therapy.
Our Products and Services enable us to provide solutions that simplify the day-to-day management of your diabetes.
1.1.2 Together with our Products we provide information and content prepared to the best of our knowledge and drawing with extreme accuracy from internal and external sources.
However, we would like to expressly point out that our Products and services are of an informative / educational nature only and do not in any way replace the consultation and diagnosis of the attending physician.
mySugr does not provide therapeutic recommendations or medical consultations of any kind.
We recommend that you contact your doctor with any questions relating to the disease and its treatment.
The evaluation of the data made available is solely up to you and your doctor or diabetologist.
All contents, regardless of whether they are made available by mySugr itself, by its partners or by its Users, are not intended either as a supplement or as a substitute for the instructions of a doctor or pharmacist.
mySugr offers numerous Products (apps) and services (services) and combinations of both (bundles or packages) for managing your diabetes.
Current and future apps, services and packages, including updates and other enhancements, made available by mySugr in any way are referred to hereinafter as "Products" or "Product".
The person or persons who purchase and use one or more of our Products are hereinafter referred to as "User" or "Users".
In these General Conditions of Contract there are names relating to natural persons in male form.
The same names are however to be considered valid for both sexes.
1.1.4 Within the framework of these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions apply for the individual Products:
App
MySugr Diary (Logbook) is an independent mobile application (app) for your smartphone or tablet for the daily documentation of your diabetes.
Our basic version of mySugr Logbook has limited functions.
mySugr Pro is the unlimited full version of mySugr Logbook.
mySugr Pro is paid and offers many additional features to help manage your diabetes even better.
Bolus Calculator mySugr (Bolus Calculator) calculates the amount of insulin or carbohydrates in seconds based on your settings.
Our Bolus Calculator is an additional service available in combination with mySugr Pro.
Services
mySugr Coach offers comprehensive information, not dependent on time or place, from certified diabetologists and dieticians.
mySugr Coach can be used in some countries as an extension of mySugr Pro.
Bundles
MySugr Package (Bundle) is our complete service at your disposal which includes mySugr Pro, with additional functions such as the bolus calculator and mySugr Coach, a blood glucose meter from our partners and the supply of test strips you need (the supply automatic test strips is subject to actual measurement, i.e. only measurement and recording triggers an order and related supply of test strips).
The availability and functionality of the mySugr Bundle is constantly being extended.
1.1.5 Any particularities of the individual Products are reported in our user manuals (available through our apps or on our website) and in the corresponding special provisions (paragraph 8).
1.2 Validity of our General Terms and Conditions
1.2.1 We offer all Products exclusively on the basis of the current version of these General Terms and Conditions throughout the world with the exception of the United States of America and Canada.
mySugr expressly opposes conflicting terms and conditions or other terms of use.
1.2.2 Please note that, before proceeding with the first use of our Products, you must agree to these General Terms and Conditions and to all the declarations and agreements referred to and proceed with the acceptance with any other use.
Registration and use of our Products are not permitted without prior acceptance of our General Terms and Conditions.
1.2.3 We expressly reserve the right to adapt our General Terms and Conditions in the future and make justified changes.
The changes may be necessary to comply with the legal requirements, to satisfy the state of technology and science or to fulfill the interests of our Users.
These changes can be made at any time and are communicated in an appropriate manner before the entry into force, so that the User can exercise his right of revocation in writing within the month of notification.
In case of non-revocation, the continuous use of our Products is subject to the new General Terms and Conditions.
1.3.1 Our Products are available in the app stores.
Here the contractual conditions of the corresponding third party supplier (over which we have no power) generally apply, which are not an integral part of our General Terms and Conditions or of our contractual relationship with you as a User of our Products.
The same applies to the terms and conditions of your mobile operator or device.
1.3.2 To ensure the optimal use of our Products, we collaborate with various partners.
These include partners who supply to us or directly supply individual Products to our Users (eg.
blood glucose meters, test strips) and health insurance that may cover the costs of our Products.
In these cases, we expressly refer to the applicable contract conditions of a third party supplier, or you must in any case accept these conditions before being able to purchase one of our Products through third parties.
2.
PRIVACY
We are aware of the great responsibility that your use of our Products entails.
In fact, you not only provide us with your personal data but also data on your state of health.
Our Privacy Policy provides information on the use and protection of your data in relation to the use of our Products and as well as information on your necessary consent.
WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT TO THE PROTECTION OF PRIVACY FOR THE NECESSARY PROCESSING OF DATA, IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO USE OUR PRODUCTS, NEITHER FROM A LEGAL NOR PRACTICAL VIEW.
Our privacy policy is not an integral part of these General Terms and Conditions, but serves exclusively for your personal information pursuant to the general data protection regulation with which you express your consent to the necessary processing of data.
3.
STIPULATION OF THE CONTRACT AND REGISTRATION
3.1 Purchase and payment of our Products
3.1.1 Our Products can be purchased in different ways:
Apps, services
Our Products are available on app stores (such as Apple App Store / iTunes or GooglePlay).
Please note that for the purchase (not for the use) of our Products, the internal contract conditions of the app stores apply and it may be necessary to have a user account.
Our website offers a personal access area and direct access to our Products, in particular for the mySugr package.
Voucher codes for our Products are always available and can be activated on our website.
Bundles
Medical devices are only partially distributed with our Products.
This way you can connect your blood glucose meter and other medical devices to our app.
Health insurance companies (public or private) work with mySugr to cover the costs of our Products.
Any costs of our Products are paid directly by health insurance or reimbursed according to your tariff.
We can tell you at any time if your health insurance already works with us.
3.1.2 Our paid Products can be purchased on our website, on the app stores or within our apps.
Billing takes place via the app store user account with the pre-established payment options.
The corresponding app store acts as an intermediary and payment provider on behalf of mySugr or as a direct seller.
In any case, if there are any problems with the download or payment, you can contact us at support@mysugr.com any time.
3.1.3 Usage contributions or purchase prices (including legal taxes) must be paid, based on the offer and choice, on a one-off or cyclical basis (eg.
monthly, semi-annually or annually).
Current contributions are shown in our app or app stores and are payable immediately upon payment.
If the app store does not provide it, we can send you invoices and payment reminders by e-mail.
In the event of non-payment, not on time or incomplete payment, we are authorized to block your access to our Products.
Your obligation to pay the usage fee remains unaffected.
3.1.4 We expressly reserve the right to limit the Free Products at any time, eliminate them completely or make them for a fee.
The free use of individual Products and their parts for a certain period of time does not imply a claim of rights for the future.
3.1.5 mySugr may also make special or free offers which may be subject to additional conditions or limitations.
In this context, we expressly report any changes with respect to these General Terms and Conditions which, however, remain fully applicable.
Special or free offers are not transferable to other Users.
3.2 Registration and activation
3.2.1 The use of our Products requires registration with mySugr in our apps.
As soon as you activate our Product for the first time, you must register with your email address and password (mySugr ID).
A User can create only one mySugr ID which in turn can only be used by one User.
3.2.2 By registering, the User declares, on the basis of the current version of these General Terms and Conditions, his binding offer to enter into the contract with mySugr through the use of our Products which we will expressly accept no later than activation. of your mySugr ID or sending the ordered goods.
3.2.3 Activation will be confirmed to you immediately after registration with a separate e-mail.
We reserve the right to reject individual Users or their offer to enter into the contract without giving reasons.
In this case, the payments already paid will be refunded and the User's transmitted data will be immediately deleted.
3.2.4 By registering, the User confirms that he is at least sixteen years of age and that he is legally authorized to enter into contracts.
Registration is allowed only to people capable of understanding and willing.
Registration is permitted for minors only with the express consent of their parents.
A copy of the written consent can be sent to support@mysugr.com.
By registering, the parent declares to be authorized to issue binding declarations also in the name of the minor.
3.2.5 At the time of registration, the User confirms that he has read and undisputed acceptance of the content of these General Conditions of Contract and that all his data are authentic, correct, updated and complete and undertakes to update the information regularly. .
We reserve the right to contact the User at any time to verify the registration data and usage information.
3.2.6 In the event that the User provides incorrect, incorrect, outdated or incomplete information or in the event that we have reasonable grounds to believe that this information is incorrect, incorrect, obsolete or incomplete, mySugr is authorized to block the ID mySugr corresponding with immediate effect and without notice and to prevent the use of our Products without being obliged to reimburse the User.
3.2.7 The User must protect his registration data from unauthorized access by third parties and ensure its proper use without fraudulent intentions.
If there is a doubt that the mySugr ID may be subjected to such a danger, it is necessary to notify it immediately at support@mysugr.com.
We have the right to block the mySugr ID of any User, in the event of improper use or with fraudulent intentions.
4.
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL AND REVOCATION
4.1 Information on exercising the right of withdrawal
4.1.1 In the event that you do not use our Products for commercial or professional purposes, you are authorized as a consumer to revoke the contractual stipulation with mySugr in accordance with the following provisions:
RIGHT TO RECEIVE
Right of revocation
You have the right to revoke this contract within fourteen days without giving reasons.
The revocation period corresponds to fourteen days from the day of the conclusion of the contract (activation of digital contents) or from the day on which the consumer or a third party appointed by him, who is not the carrier, has taken possession of the goods (physical supply ).
To exercise your right of revocation, you must inform us, mySugr GmbH, Trattnerhof 1/5 OG, 1010 Vienna, telephone +43 720 884555, e-mail support@mysugr.com, by means of a unique declaration (eg.
e-mail or letter sent by ordinary post) about your decision to revoke this contract.
In this regard, you can optionally use the attached revocation form.
To ensure the revocation term, it is sufficient that the communication on the exercise of the right of revocation reaches us before the expiry of the term itself.
Consequences of revocation
By revoking this contract, we must reimburse you for all payments made by you including any shipping costs (with the exception of additional costs resulting from a type of shipping other than the cheapest standard shipping offered by us) immediately and no later than fourteen days. starting from the day on which the notice of revocation is received.
To proceed with the refund we use the same payment method you used in the initial transaction, unless otherwise expressly agreed with you.
In no case will we charge you the refund costs.
Keep in mind that, if your health insurance has already reimbursed you for the costs of the goods or services revoked according to the established rate, the insurance itself may proceed to claim with the right of recourse.
We may deny reimbursement until receipt of the goods or receipt of proof of shipment of the goods, whichever occurred first.
You must return or return the goods immediately and, in any case, no later than fourteen days from the day on which you notified us of the revocation of this contract, to mySugr GmbH, Trattnerhof 1, 1010 Vienna, telephone +43 720 884555 , email support@mysugr.com.
The deadline is guaranteed if you send the goods to us within the fourteen-day deadline.
We will bear the costs of shipping the goods.
You will have to bear the costs for any devaluation of the goods only if the latter is attributable to unnecessary management for the verification of the structure, properties and functionality of the goods themselves.
If you have requested that the services start during the revocation period, you must pay us a commensurate amount that corresponds to the percentage of the services already provided up to the time of exercising your right to revoke this contract with respect to the total volume of services provided for in the contract. .
WITHDRAWAL FORM
If you wish to revoke the contract, please fill out this form and send it to
mySugr GmbH
1010 Wien, Trattnerhof 1/5 OG
support@mysugr.com
With this I revoke the contract I entered into for the purchase of the following goods or for the provision of the following service:
Ordered on / received on:
MySugr ID, name and address of the consumer:
Date and signature (only with paper communication)
4.2 Exceptions from the right of withdrawal
4.2.1 You have no right of withdrawal in the event of a contract with the supply of unsaved digital content on a physical data carrier, if we - with your express consent, related to your acknowledgment of the loss of the right of withdrawal (right of withdrawal ) upon the early commencement of contractual fulfillment and following the provision of a copy or confirmation pursuant to art. 7 par.
3 FAGG - we started the shipment even before the expiry of the otherwise available withdrawal period.
Pursuant to art. 7 par.
3 FAGG, the User will have a confirmation of the stipulated contract on a permanent data medium (eg.
e-mail) in association with the information indicated in art. 4 par.
1 FAGG, if such information has not already been made available previously on such a medium.
The contract confirmation contains, in any case, a confirmation of consent to the immediate provision of the service and the User's acknowledgment of the lack of right of withdrawal (right of revocation).
4.2.2 Furthermore, you have no right of withdrawal in the event of a contract for goods supplied sealed and unsuitable for return for reasons of health protection or hygiene, if their sealing has been removed after delivery.
It is not possible to check from a technical or economic point of view whether the ordered goods have been used upon receipt, whether they have come into contact with body fluids, whether they have been mixed with contaminated components of the goods or whether they have been properly stored. : it is forbidden to reuse or re-market such goods for us or for any other manufacturer.
Therefore, the right of withdrawal (right of withdrawal) is excluded on the basis of hygiene and sustainability requirements.
5.
USE OF OUR PRODUCTS
5.1 Duration of use and termination
5.1.1 Your authorization to use our Products begins with registration and activation through mySugr.
5.1.2 Our free Products are usable without limitation.
The duration of use of the Products, which you purchase with the support of your health insurance (in particular for the mySugr package), is in accordance with the corresponding contractual and insurance conditions.
5.1.3 Our paid Products can be purchased in the form of monthly or annual subscriptions, based on the current offer even for a longer or shorter duration of use (hereinafter referred to as the "Subscription Period").
The corresponding Subscription Period is indicated to you in our apps or app stores.
5.1.4 Both the User and mySugr are authorized at any time, with a notice of at least one month, to ordinary termination with effect every last day of the month.
You can proceed by selecting "Cancel subscription" from your app store user account or in the login area of ​​our website, or by sending us a written communication to support@mysugr.com.
Please note that contributions already paid for an unused Subscription Period are only refunded in the event of an ordinary termination by mySugr or in the event of an automatic term (paragraph 5.1.6 below).
5.1.5 In the absence of cancellation or in the event of cancellation not received on schedule, the subscription period automatically extends by a further period corresponding to the last one selected.
In this regard, the corresponding standard price is calculated at the time of the extension (not: prices of any special or free offers or offers from your health insurance).
The automatic extension can be disabled in the settings of your user account of the corresponding app store.
5.1.6 In the event of the User's death or revocation of the declaration of consent on the protection of privacy, the usage relationship ends automatically with immediate effect.
In fact, without your consent mySugr is not authorized to process your health data.
5.1.7 If you have any questions about the duration of your use and its term, you can contact support@mysugr.com at any time.
5.2 Blocking and exclusion
5.2.1 We reserve the right to temporarily block the User for reasons of major cause (at our discretion) or to permanently exclude him from using our Products.
In the event of termination of the contract without notice, a refund of the usage fees is excluded.
5.2.2 An important reason is attributable in particular to serious violations by the User of the provisions of these Conditions, eg.
violations of paragraph 3.1 (payment) with a two-week delay, paragraph 3.2 (registration data), paragraph 5.3 (license) or paragraph 6 (User conduct).
5.3 License and Grant of Rights
5.3.1 Registration and activation allow you to obtain the non-exclusive, non-transmissible, but not geographically limited right to save and use a copy of our app for your purposes in compliance with these General Terms and Conditions.
In the case of our paid Products, this license is limited to the duration of the contract period of your subscription.
5.3.2 The software, code, methods, systems and content of our Products are protected by both copyright and non-compete agreement and may only be used by mySugr.
Our Products or their components may not, without our prior written consent, be copied, modified, reproduced, republished or posted, nor transmitted, sold, offered for sale, repurchased or used in any way.
Users are not authorized to use mySugr trademarks, logos or other trademark and industrial property rights.
Unless otherwise indicated in these Terms, all rights of use and reuse belong exclusively to mySugr or a company belonging to the group and there is no licensing of our Products.
5.3.3 If this condition is necessary for the technical provision of our Products, each User grants mySugr a non-exclusive, revocable, however free, transferable, temporally and geographically unlimited right of use or reuse of the content generated, transmitted, saved. and published within our Products.
However, use or reuse is excluded if the acquired interests of the User (eg.
rights to protect privacy) are unduly compromised.
In case of external use of our Products, if feasible, we will report that the content comes from the User.
mySugr will not claim ownership of the contents created nor will it guarantee a supervisory function of the contents created by the Users.
5.4 Availability of our Products
5.4.1 We always make our Products available to the extent offered by the available technical, economic, business and organizational possibilities.
mySugr cannot exclude any interruptions, anomalies, delays, cancellations, incorrect transmissions or memory failures associated with the use of our Products or communication with Users.
Furthermore, we partly offer our Products with the involvement of third party suppliers and therefore depend on the technical provision of external services.
Therefore mySugr declines any responsibility, guarantee or obligation to keep our Products available online at any time and without interruption.
5.4.2 The same applies in the event of limitations in the use of our Products for reasons of major cause, in the event of strikes, exclusions and administrative provisions and due to technical changes or maintenance work on mySugr systems.
In case of anomalies in our Products, please contact support@mysugr.com at any time.
6.
USER CONDUCT
6.1 General indications
6.1.1 Each User is authorized and obliged to claim and use our Products at their own risk and expense and through the use of suitable technical devices.
The terminals and operating systems compatible with our Products are listed in the app stores or available at any time at support@mysugr.com.
6.1.2 You are required to use our Products exclusively in compliance with these General Terms and Conditions and the provisions of the law and to refrain from any improper use.
Discovered violations of the obligations listed in this paragraph must be reported immediately to support@mysugr.com.
6.2 Improper use
6.2.1 Each User undertakes to indicate their registration data truthfully, to keep them updated and complete and not to disclose them to third parties.
Personal data must be treated confidentially, handled with care and protected under one's own responsibility.
mySugr disclaims any guarantee or liability for data or content that has been lost or damaged, if this condition is not attributable to our failings.
6.2.2 Content such as photos, images, text, videos or other representations associated with our Products, can be saved, published, transmitted or disclosed only if the User is authorized to transmit and use them.
In any case, the use of any type of racist, offensive, discriminatory, defamatory, sexual or pornographic, violent or otherwise illegal content is strictly prohibited.
6.2.3 It is also prohibited to decrypt, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble our Products.
Each User undertakes not to perform invasive interventions with technical or electronic tools on our Products or mySugr networks (in particular computer piracy attacks such as hacking, brute force attacks, introduction of viruses, worms, Trojans and other malware) and to refrain from any type of attempted damage that could affect the software and hardware of the mySugr Products and systems.
7.
LIABILITY ON OUR PART
7.1 Warranty and liability
7.1.1 Unless otherwise indicated in these General Terms and Conditions, mySugr is responsible and provides warranty services in accordance with the provisions of the law.
7.1.2 Liability for mere pecuniary damage, consequential damage, loss of profit and damage deriving from third party claims is excluded towards Users, who are not users or consumers.
If our liability is limited or excluded in these General Terms and Conditions, this condition equally applies to agents and companies associated with mySugr.
7.1.3 Outside the scope of the law on liability for defective products, mySugr's liability is limited to intent and negligence, with the exception of personal injury.
Liability for slight negligence is excluded according to the following objective justifications.
7.1.4 mySugr does not warrant that our Products are available in a complete, continuous and correct manner or that the software and hardware tools work properly.
Furthermore, we cannot exclude that the data transfer is tracked, recorded or tampered with by third parties via external systems, in particular the Internet and other telecommunications networks.
7.1.5 mySugr does not guarantee for downloaded content or material that the User has received following the claim of our Products.
The User is solely responsible for any damage that may occur to his computer system or terminals or for the loss of data due to the download of materials associated with our Products.
7.1.6 Furthermore, mySugr does not guarantee for external content, such as external links, banners or other information or advertising offers from third parties applicable to our Products.
In the event that we allow access to third party offers with notifications or links, mySugr is not responsible for the information contained therein.
The legal transactions entered into involve exclusively contractual relations between the User and the third parties involved.
We do not guarantee and disclaim any other type of liability for the performance of third parties.
7.2 Disclaimer and Disclaimer
7.2.1 The use of our Products does not replace the consultation of a doctor or the opinion of another specialist and takes place exclusively at the User's own risk.
This condition is valid in particular for the use of ordered goods such as blood glucose meters and for the reuse of data made available within our Products by the User including blood glucose results, calculations and any therapeutic indications.
The User expressly acknowledges that such data may be incorrect and mySugr disclaims any responsibility for their correctness.
7.2.2 If the applicable provisions on the protection of privacy, to which the use of the Products is subject, require it, it is possible to use or manage the Products exclusively for the purposes, specifications and areas of application as established in the offer. and in the conditions of use.
7.2.3 The User exempts mySugr from any claims that third parties may exercise against mySugr for a culpable violation of their rights by the User in the context of the use of our Products.
In addition, all other mySugr claims for damages against the User remain unchanged.
7.2.4 The User declines full responsibility for damages and judicial or extrajudicial disputes that are the basis of conflicts with other Users.
The User expressly acknowledges that mySugr is absolutely not responsible for the actions or omissions of other Users and for any resulting damage.
7.2.5 In the event of a third party claim by mySugr, the User undertakes to promptly communicate all the information made available to him in an authentic and exhaustive manner and necessary for the verification and defense of third party claims.
The User bears the costs of a necessary legal defense of mySugr, including all legal and procedural costs required by law.
8.
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
The following provisions for our individual Products supplement the remaining provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise and expressly indicated:
8.1 mySugr Bolus Calculator
8.1.1 The mySugr Bolus Calculator is intended only for people with diabetes who are insulin dependent or trained in FIT therapy (or similar programs) who are 18 years of age or older and undergo regular medical check-ups.
In any case, the bolus calculator can be used by minors or by people who use mixed insulin or only long-lasting insulin for their therapy or by people who are physically unable (because for example
visually impaired) or psychically to manage the therapy independently.
8.1.2 The Paid Bolus Calculator supports you in calculating the required insulin dose.
A fundamental prerequisite of the mySugr bolus calculator is the calculation based on various parameters that must be entered by the User.
Correct data entry is required for an approximate calculation.
Under no circumstances will mySugr take responsibility for the results and advice obtained from the Bolus Calculator.
8.1.3 The result detected by the mySugr bolus calculator corresponds to an advice proposed to the User on the use of the calculated insulin dose.
However, it is entirely up to you to determine the plausibility of the calculated value based on your previous data, prescriptions from your doctor and package inserts of the drugs used, and it is therefore up to you to determine the correct insulin dose.
mySugr explicitly warns you not to follow the advice proposed by the mySugr bolus calculator without first having established its plausibility yourself.
8.1.4 In no case, the mySugr bolus calculator can replace the experience of a doctor or periodic medical checks, administer insulin or other drugs, measure blood sugar or calculate personal therapeutic parameters.
9.
FINAL PROVISIONS
9.1 Choice of law
These General Terms and Conditions and the entire legal relationship between mySugr and the User are subject exclusively to Austrian law, with the exception of its reference regulations and the CISG.
However, the User as a user or consumer enjoys the protection of the binding provisions of the state in which he resides or has his habitual domicile.
9.2 Competent Forum
The place of jurisdiction for all disputes associated with these General Terms and Conditions is the headquarters of mySugr in Vienna.
The binding conflict-of-law rules in favor of consumers remain unchanged.
9.3 Other
9.3.1 If notification or written form is required in these General Terms and Conditions (including legally relevant declarations), it is sufficient to send them by e-mail to the address indicated at the time of registration (mySugr ID) .
9.3.2 Users are not authorized to transmit to third parties their mySugr ID or their rights and obligations resulting from these General Terms and Conditions in relation to the use of our Products.
mySugr may transmit to other companies or other third parties its rights and obligations resulting from these General Terms and Conditions, if such transmission has no obvious effect on the User's rights resulting from these General Terms and Conditions.
9.3.3 Should individual provisions of these General Contract Conditions prove or become ineffective, the remaining provisions, not affected by such ineffectiveness, remain valid and applicable.
9.3.4 These General Terms and Conditions are available in several languages.
Basically the language of the version corresponds to the country in which the consumer resides or has his domicile (eg.
the German version is intended for Users in Austria, Germany and Switzerland).
If a specific language is not available, the English language version remains applicable.
