Terms of Service
Introduction to the Quora Terms of Service
Welcome to Quora!
Here is a brief summary of the highlights of our Terms of Service:
Our mission is to share and increase knowledge.
The Quora Platform offers a place to ask questions and connect with people who can contribute to the speech with unique insights and quality responses.
This system gives people the opportunity to learn from each other and to understand the world better.
You are the owner of the content you post; yet, at the same time, you grant both Quora and other platform users certain rights and licenses to use them.
The details of these licenses are described in Section 3 (c) which you will find below.
You are responsible for the content you post.
This includes ensuring that you have the rights necessary for the publication of such content and that the content does not violate the legal rights of third parties (eg.
libel) or any applicable laws.
You may republish content extracted from Quora elsewhere, provided you attribute the content in question, correctly and explicitly, to the Quora Platform and respect the rights of the OP (the person who posted the content), including any "Not reproduce".
We do not officially endorse, let alone verify, the content posted by users.
Our content and materials are provided "as is" and without warranty.
You are solely responsible for your use of the Quora Platform.
Posts posted by lawyers, doctors, and other qualified professionals should not be viewed as a viable alternative to professional advice related to your specific situation.
You agree to follow the rules of our platform.
By using the Quora Platform, you agree to our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy at the same time.
We offer you tools to provide us with feedback and make complaints.
If you believe someone has violated your intellectual property rights, other laws or Quora policies, you can initiate a complaint process through our contact portal or by using our internal reporting tool.
We are delighted that you are joining the Quora Platform and encourage you to read the Terms of Service in full.
Quora Terms of Service
Last updated: October 23, 2018
Welcome to Quora!
Quora is a platform that allows people to acquire and share knowledge, to learn from each other and to better understand the world.
These terms of service ("Terms of Service") constitute an agreement ("Agreement") between you and Quora, Inc .. ("Quora" "we" or "us").
It governs your use of the products and services we offer through our site and applications (collectively referred to as the "Quora Platform").
Please read them carefully, because by using the Quora Platform, you also agree to the application of these terms.
The mission of the Quora Platform
Quora's mission is to share and increase knowledge.
The Quora Platform is a place to ask questions and connect with people who can contribute to the speech with unique insights and quality responses.
This system gives people the opportunity to learn from each other and to understand the world better.
Use the Quora Platform
Who can use it.
The use of the Quora Platform by children under 13 is prohibited.
You represent that you are of legal age in the jurisdiction in which you live or, if you do not, your parent or legal guardian must agree to the Terms of Service and accept this Agreement on your behalf, and you must also accept responsibility for the use by 'user.
Signing up.
When you create a profile on the Quora Platform, you will be asked to provide some information about yourself.
You agree to provide us with correct information, including your real name, when you create your account on the Quora Platform.
We will use the personal data collected during the enrollment process in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We invite you to pay particular attention to maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
Privacy Policy.
The privacy policies we apply are set out in our Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Quora platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Acceptable Use Policy.
During your interactions with other users on the Quora Platform, you agree to always follow the Acceptable Use Policy.
Cancellation.
You can delete your account at any time you want by accessing your profile settings and deactivating your account.
We reserve the right to cancel or suspend your Quora account if you violate any of Quora's policies or for any other reason.
Changes to the Quora Platform.
We are always striving to improve your user experience on the Quora Platform.
We reserve the right to add or modify certain features without prior notice.
Feedback.
We always welcome your feedback and suggestions on how to improve the Quora Platform.
Send us your feedback at https://it.quora.com/contact.
By submitting your feedback to us, you agree to grant us the right, in our sole discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit your feedback, in whole or in part, freely and without compensation.
Your content
Definition of "Your Content".
The Quora Platform allows you to add posts, text, photos, videos, links and files to share with others.
All material you upload, post or show to other users through the Quora Platform is collectively referred to as "Your Content".
You acknowledge and agree that, as an integral part of using the Quora Platform, Your Content may be viewed by all potential audiences.
Property.
You or your licensors, as applicable, will retain ownership of the copyright and other intellectual property in your content, subject to the non-exclusive rights granted to us as set forth below.
Licenses and permissions to use your content.
By submitting, posting or viewing your content on the Quora Platform, you grant Quora and its affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, free, paid, transferable, sub-licensed (tiered ), to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public or use in any other way, Your content in connection to the operations or use of the Quora Platform or to the promotion, advertising or marketing of the aforementioned, through any media or distribution channel (already known or developed later).
You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make your content available to other companies, organizations, business partners or individuals with whom Quora has a collaborative relationship for them to publish, distribute, communicate and make available to the public, syndicates or air such Content through the Quora Platform or other media and distribution methods.
This license also includes the right for other users of the Quora Platform to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make your Content available to the public, subject to our Terms of Service.
If you do not want to allow other users to translate your replies, you can disable translation globally in your profile settings or you can set that certain replies are not translated.
After posting an answer to a question, it can be changed or deleted at any time from the public view on https://it.quora.com/, except in the case of answers sent anonymously.
However, we may not be able to control the removal of the response from viewing on external channels or other methods on which it has previously been distributed outside of https://it.quora.com/. Quora reserves the right to remove suspected spam from your responses.
After you post a question, it can be edited or deleted by other users or by Quora at any time.
Any changes and changes you have made may be visible to other users.
The right for Quora to copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, store, display, modify and distribute, or otherwise use your post, and to sublicense such rights to third parties, is perpetual and irrevocable, to the maximum extent. permitted by law, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may retain and disclose your content, as well as information related to it, if required by law or determines in good faith that such protection or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal, judicial requirements or governmental; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to complaints that your content violates third party rights; (d) identify, prevent or otherwise deal with scams or other problems of a technical or security nature; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Quora, its users or the general public.
You understand and agree that we reserve the right to modify, adapt or create derivative works of your content so that it can be transmitted, displayed or distributed on computer networks, devices, services and various media.
We also reserve the right to remove or refuse to post your content, in whole or in part, at any time.
You also grant us permission and authority to act as a non-exclusive agent in the context of enforcement actions to be taken against any unauthorized use by third parties of any of your content outside of the Quora Platform or in violation. of our Terms of Service.
Your Responsibilities to Your Content.
By posting your content on the Quora Platform, you represent and warrant that: i) you are the owner of the rights to the content or have all the necessary releases, permissions and permissions to use the content and to grant us the rights in turn of use as set forth in this Agreement and ii) that the posting of your content does not infringe the intellectual property or individual rights of any third party or any applicable law or regulation.
You accept full responsibility to avoid infringement of any third party's intellectual property rights or individual rights or violation of laws and regulations in relation to your content.
You are responsible for ensuring that Your Content does not violate any Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, Quora Trademark Policy, other published Quora Policy, or any applicable law or regulation.
You agree to pay all royalties, commissions and any other monies owed to any person due to your content.
Our content and materials
Definition of our content and materials.
All intellectual property rights in or related to the Quora Platform (specifically, but not limited to, our software, the Quora trademarks, the Quora logo, excluding your content) is owned by Quora Inc.,
of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including content posted by other Quora users and licensed to us (collectively "Our Content and Materials").
Data.
All data collected by Quora ("Data") about your or third party use of the Quora Platform is owned by Quora Inc.
of its subsidiaries and affiliates.
For clarity, "data" does not include your content and is treated separately from our content and materials.
Quora's permissions to you
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access our content and materials and data made available through the Quora Platform in connection with your use of the platform, subject however to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Quora provides you with a worldwide, free, revocable, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to republish any of Quora's content and materials in any other area of ​​the Web provided that: (a) the content in question has been added to the Quora Platform after April 22, 2010; (b) the user who created the content has not explicitly marked the content as "Do Not Play" on the Quora Platform; (c) do not modify the content; (d) you attribute it to Quora, nominally, in a readable text provided with a link reachable by both human users and bots (an HTML tag again <a>), which refers to the page of the original source of the content on https: //it.quora.com, and that it is present on every page on which our contents and materials are published; (e) upon request by Quora or a user, you remove the user's name from the content that the user in question has subsequently anonymized; (f) upon request by Quora or a user who has contributed to the content, you make reasonable efforts to update a particular passage of the content to the latest version available on the Quora Platform; and (g) upon request by Quora or a user who contributed to the content, you make reasonable efforts to delete content that has been deleted or marked as "Do Not Play" on the Quora Platform; (h) you republish only a minimal portion of our content and materials.
While exercising these rights, you may not imply or imply, implicitly or explicitly, any connection, sponsorship or endorsement by Quora or any Quora user of you and your use of the work, without the distinguishing , explicit authorization from us.
We reserve the right to cancel your license at any time and for any reason.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to distribute any content on the Quora Platform or to remove any content from it.
Except for the rights and licenses granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and grant no other rights or licenses, implied or otherwise.
Uses allowed.
If you run a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, mass download tool, wget package, or other data collection or extraction tool, you can access the Quora Platform. , but following these additional rules: i) it is necessary to use a descriptive header of the user agent; ii) you must always follow robots.txt on any occasion; iii) your access must not adversely affect any aspect of the operation of the Quora Platform; iv) you must clearly indicate how we can contact you, both in your user agent string and on your site, if you have one.
No endorsement or verification.
Please note that the Quora Platform contains access to content, products and services created by third parties and offers interactions with third parties.
Participation or availability on the Quora Platform does not amount to an endorsement or verification by us.
We make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any content posted on the Quora Platform by anyone.
Property.
You acknowledge and agree that our content and materials remain the property of users of Quora or Quora itself.
The content, information and services made available on the Quora Platform are protected by American and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.
Integrated Service Provider
You have the option to integrate another online service provider, such as a social networking service ("Integrated Service Provider"), directly into your account on the Quora Platform.
By enabling another online service provider, you are allowing us to switch to and receive login information and other data about you from the integrated service provider.
For more information about Quora's use, storage and disclosure of information about you and your use of integrated services on Quora, please review our Privacy Policy.
Please note that any integrated service provider's use and management of your data and personal information are governed solely by their terms of use, their privacy policies and other policies they may use.
Learn more about certain offers on the Quora Platform
Summary.
When you sign up for the Quora Platform, the service includes receiving a summary containing the questions and answers that may interest you most.
You can opt out of receiving the summary and change other communication settings by going to "Email and Notifications" in your account profile, as detailed in our Privacy Policy.
Advertising.
The Quora Platform includes advertisements that may be targeted with respect to content or information on the Quora Platform, queries made through the Quora Platform, or other types of information, in order to make it relevant to you.
The types and degree of advertising carried out by Quora are subject to change.
In consideration of Quora granting you access to and use of the Quora Platform, you agree that Quora and its third party suppliers and partners may place such advertisements on the Quora platform.
If you wish to become our advertiser, you will be required to enter into separate and additional agreements with us regarding the provision of advertising services through the Quora Platform.
Legal collaborators, doctors and other qualified professionals.
Some of the users who post content are part of the world of professions, such as law, medicine and other types of professional activities (collectively, "Qualified Professionals").
Content posted by Qualified Professionals should not be viewed as a viable alternative to professional advice related to your specific situation.
Quora provides a template for the disclaimer that Qualified Professionals can modify and incorporate in their responses.
Ethics differs between states or geographies and it is the responsibility of Qualified Professionals to determine and provide disclaimers appropriate to their profession and the content they share.
Buttons, links and widgets.
You are permitted to use Quora buttons, links and widgets, subject to these Terms of Service (including disclaimers and limitations of liability) provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets only connects to the Platform by Quora; (b) you will not modify in any way these buttons, links or widgets, or the code associated with them; (c) you will not use such buttons, links or widgets in any way that implies or suggests that Quora approves, sponsors or recommends the site on which such buttons, links and widgets are used; and (d) your use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the site on which such buttons, links and widgets are used, do not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy.
Third Party Resources and Services.
The Quora Platform may also offer you the opportunity to follow links to other sites or to interact with third-party products or services.
You acknowledge your sole responsibility and assume all risks arising from the use of such external sites or resources.
Services that require a separate agreement.
Some features or services may require the signing of a separate, supplemental written agreement before they can be used.
Reporting violations of intellectual property rights, Quora Rules, or other applicable laws
We have a special procedure for reporting violations of intellectual property rights, Quora Rules or other applicable laws
Copyright and Trademark Laws.
We have adopted and implemented the Copyright Policy and the Trademark Policy.
For more information, including detailed information on how to submit a takedown request if you believe content on the Quora Platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
For complaints regarding copyright infringement and trademark infringement, you can use the Copyright Infringement Complaint Form or the Trademark Infringement Complaint Form, as applicable.
Reporting of other violations.
If you believe that certain content on the Quora Platform is in violation of Quora's Acceptable Use Policy or applicable law (except copyright or trademark violations) or other Quora policies, you can submit the following form of complaint for violation.
We have no obligation to delete content that you may find personally objectionable or offensive.
We are committed to respond promptly to requests for content removal, if these are consistent with our rules and applicable law.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT LIMITS THE LIABILITIES OF QUORA ENTITIES TO YOU.
THE EXPRESSION THE "ENTITIES OF QUORA" REPRESENTS QUORA INC.,
AND ANY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OTHERWISE ASSOCIATED COMPANIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND ASSOCIATED PARTNERS, AS WELL AS ANY OFFICIALS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES.
EACH OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
WE PROVIDE YOU WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM, TOGETHER WITH OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT WITH OTHER PEOPLE, AS IS ("AS IS") AND AS AVAILABLE, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY TYPE, NEITHER EXPRESS NOR IMPLIED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA ENTITIES DISCLAIM ANY FURTHER WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FREE ENJOYMENT, NON-VIOLATION OF THIRD PARTIES WHICH ARISES FROM A PARTICULAR FULFILLMENT OF THE CONTRACT, FROM REGULAR CONDUCT OR FROM COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS.
QUORA DOES NOT WARRANT TO AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR: (i) THE CONTENT PUBLISHED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY; (ii) ANY THIRD PARTY SITE, THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE MENTIONED OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM, INCLUDING AN INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDER OR A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL; (iii) GOOD FAITH OR THIRD PARTY BEHAVIOR THAT YOU MAY BET WHILE USING THE QUORA PLATFORM; OR (iv) THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR NEEDS; (b) THE QUORA PLATFORM PROVIDES UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE; (c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION YOU MAY OBTAIN THROUGH THE USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM, A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL OR ANY OTHER USER IS ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE, INFORMATION OR OTHER KIND OF MATERIAL OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU, REGARDLESS OF ANY ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITY.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE MAXIMUM TERMS PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT THE QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE SPECIFICALLY LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE, LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF PROFIT REPUTATION, LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED IN TIME OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE) ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THE PLATFORM, OF QUORA.
THE ONLY AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS TO STOP USING THE QUORA PLATFORM.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA'S MAXIMUM TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU WITH REGARD TO LOSS OR DAMAGES YOU HAVE SUFFERED IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM OR THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO QUORA NEXT ONE DORM (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION THAT GIVEN THE LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
CONSEQUENTLY, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, AND THE ABOVE SECTIONS 8 (c), 8 (d) AND 8 (e) MAY NOT APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF THE NEW JERSEY, IF THE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY SUCH RESIDENTS OF THE NEW JERSEY ARE THE RESULT OF NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, CONSIDERABLE OR INTENTIONAL CONDUCT.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and exempt the Quora Entities from any third party claims and costs (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising out of or relating to: i) your use of the Quora Platform, ii) Your Content , iii) your conduct or interactions with other users of the Quora Platform, or iv) your breach of any part of this Agreement.
We will promptly notify you of such requests and provide you (at your expense) with reasonable assistance in defending yourself against the complaint.
You will allow us to participate in the defense and will not resolve any of these complaints without our express written consent.
We reserve the right, at our expense, to assume the sole defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
In this case, you will no longer have any obligation to defend us on the merits of the matter.
Dispute Resolution
This Agreement and all actions related to your use of the Quora Platform will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to any provisions relating to conflicts of law or to your nationality or country of residence.
Unless they have been submitted to arbitration as set forth in the following paragraph, all claims, legal proceedings or disputes arising out of and related to your use of the Quora Platform will be filed exclusively with the court of Santa Clara County, California and you consent to the jurisdiction and seat of such courts and waive any objection to the suitability of the court.
For any claims (excluding injunctions or other credit orders) under this Agreement, and if the total amount of the premium claimed is less than $ 10,000, the requesting party may decide to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration without court.
The party electing that particular arbitration will initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (ADR) provider as mutually agreed by the parties.
The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration is conducted by telephone, online and / or based solely on written communications, as decided by the party that initiated the arbitration; b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance of the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise agreed by mutual agreement between the parties; and c) any judgment on the arbitration award may be presented in any court having jurisdiction in the matter.
General terms
Any changes to these Terms.
We reserve the right to amend this Agreement (including any rules such as the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy which are incorporated within the Agreement. itself) at any time and in our sole discretion.
If we change material terms of this Agreement, that change will be effective after we send you notification of the amended Agreement.
In the event of a change to the material terms of this Agreement, such changes will only become effective after we notify you accordingly.
You can view the Agreement and our main policies at any time here.
Failure to delete your account or discontinue use of the Quora Platform after receiving notification of the changes will constitute acceptance of the amended terms.
If you do not agree to the changes or terms of this Agreement, you will need to cancel your account or cease using the Quora platform.
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
You agree that Quora is operated in the United States and is deemed to be exclusively based in California and as a passive service for the purposes of judicial review.
For any claim for which arbitration is found to be unenforceable, you agree that such claims be brought before a federal or state court in Santa Clara County, California, and governed by the laws of the State of California and the federal law of the United States, regardless of conflicts of law.
Use outside the United States.
Quora makes no representations or warranties as to whether or not the Quora Platform complies with all applicable laws and regulations outside the United States.
If you use the Quora Platform outside the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are responsible for compliance with various laws, regulations or customs that may apply in connection with your use of the Quora Platform.
Export.
The Quora Platform is operated and controlled through our offices in California (United States of America).
Quora software is subject to United States export controls.
No Quora software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You represent that (1) you are not in a country subject to a US government embargo or that has been designated by the US government as a "Terrorist Supporting Country" and (2) that you are not listed on any of the lists of persons prohibited or restricted by the US government.
Applications and mobile devices.
If you access the Quora Platform through one of the Quora applications, you agree that this Agreement is between you and Quora only, and not with another service provider or application platform (eg.
Apple Inc.
o Google Inc.),
which can offer the application to the user on its own terms.
To the extent that the Quora Platform is accessed via a mobile device, standard charges, data rates and other charges by your mobile carrier may apply.
Survival of the terms.
The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2 (e) (Cancellation), 2 (g) (Feedback), Section 3 (Your Content), Section 4 (a) - (b) and (d ) - (f) (Our Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Section 10 (Dispute Resolution) and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice to Users in California.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California resident users also benefit from the following specific consumer rights notices: The Quora Platform is provided by Quora, Inc.,
company based in Mountain View, California.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the Quora platform, please contact Quora at support@quora.com.
California residents can contact the California Department of Consumer Affairs Complaints Assistance Unit at 1625 North Market Boulevard, Suite N112, Sacramento, CA 95834 or by phone at +1 916.445.1245 or +1 800.952. 5210 or, through a telecommunication device for the deaf, at +1 800.326.2297 or +1 916.322.1700.
Government end users.
Any Quora proprietary software and related documentation constitute a "Commercial Item" as defined by the term given in 48 QRC §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Computer Software Documentation", as defined by those terms which is given in 48 QRC §12.212 or 48 QRC §227.7202 (where applicable).
Pursuant to 48 QRC §12.212 or 48 QRC § 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, Commercial Software and Commercial Software Documentation are licensed to U.S. Government end users: (i) only as Products Commercial; and (ii) solely with the rights that are granted to all end users under this Agreement.
Assignments.
You have no right to assign or transfer this Agreement (or any right or obligation subject to this Agreement) without our express written consent.
Any attempt to assign or transfer, without first obtaining the consent indicated above, will be considered null and void.
We reserve the right to assign or transfer this Agreement without any restrictions.
This Agreement operates to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors and assigns.
Electronic communications.
You agree to receive communications from us by email in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, communications, disclosures and other communications we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Full agreement and severability.
This Agreement supersedes all previous terms, agreements, discussions and writings relating to the Quora Platform and constitutes the entire agreement between you and us relating to the Quora Platform (except for services that require a separate written agreement with us, in addition to this Agreement).
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, such provision will not affect the applicability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
Interpretation.
In interpreting the terms of this Agreement, please consider that: (i) the titles of this Agreement are for convenience only and should not be considered binding; and (ii) no presumption of acting in favor of either or both parties shall be made as a result of the legal role employed in the drafting of this Agreement.
Notifications.
All notifications permitted or required under this Agreement, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, must be sent in writing as follows: (i) if addressed to you: by email to the address associated with your account, and ( ii) if addressed to us: via Legal@Quora.com.
Notifications are deemed to have been communicated (a) if intended for you: as soon as the email is sent, and (b) if intended for us: upon receipt of the email from us.
Relationships.
This Agreement does not create any joint venture or agency relationship between the parties, or any other form of association between you and us.
Except as expressly provided in this document, neither party has the right, power or authority to create any obligation or duty, express or implied, in the name of the other party.
Waiver clause.
No revocation of any of these terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of that article or any other of these terms.
Quora's failure to enforce any right or provision set forth in this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Additional guarantees.
You agree to produce a paper copy of this Agreement and any other documents and to take, at our expense, any other action we may require from you so as to confirm and implement the purpose of this Agreement and any other of your rights or obligations under under this Agreement.
Contacts.
Contact us via https://it.quora.com/contact.
Quora, is a company registered in the State of Delaware, with offices at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041.
