https://www.terravision.eu/italiano/terms_conditions.html?noredirect=it_IT
Terms and Conditions of Carriage
Rules and procedures are subject to change at short notice.
Although the information contained on this site is as up-to-date and correct as possible, the Terravision Company cannot be held liable for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, resulting from such information.
Definitions
Admission to the service
Services Provided
Tickets and reservations
Access to the cars
Luggage
Terravision responsibility
Complaints
Passenger coupon
Passenger behavior
Terravision communications
Conclusions
Privacy Act
Conditions of Carriage Stansted Services
Travel conditions Airport Bus Express
Travel conditions AEROBÚS
Varzi travel conditions
Travel conditions Prague Airport Transfers
Modlin Bus – Terms and Conditions
Faroshuttlebus – Terms and Conditions
Definitions
The following words will have this meaning: “car”: it is the vehicle, bus or other means of transport, provided by Terravision and on which passengers will travel; "Journey": the journey permitted to passengers on the basis of the information resulting from their ticket; "Service": activity carried out by the Company; "baggage": any object that the passenger brings with him in connection with his trip.
Admission to the service
Travelers must have a valid travel document to use the transport service and must keep it for the entire duration of the trip.
The trip is considered concluded after getting out of the car, in the case of a return ticket, the trip will be concluded when you get off the car on the return trip.
Services Provided
Transport
Terravision transports passengers with regular tickets on its cars.
The ticket is a record of the agreement between the Company and the passenger.
The ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be shown upon request by the same company.
Also following an express request, the ticket must be returned to Terravision.
Disabled transport
Failure to communicate the disability condition at the time of booking may result in the unavailability of the service and the impossibility of transporting the passenger.
The passenger is invited to contact the company at least 48 hours before departure.
For further information write to the following email address: customerservices@terravision.eu
Transport for children
Terravision does not provide for the transport of unaccompanied minors (under 14 years of age).
There are no accompanying services and other special services.
Minors under the age of 14 must be accompanied by a passenger of at least 16 years of age, who must book the ride at the same time.
Children up to 4 years of age on the date of departure can travel without paying the ticket based on the ordinary fare.
Children over 4 years of age must pay for the ticket according to the ordinary fare.
The transport of child seats on board the bus is not allowed.
Animal transport
Terravision is not obliged to carry animals on its vehicles, with the exception of guide dogs for blind or deaf passengers.
Tickets and reservations
Validity of the ticket
The ticket allows you to use the Terravision service and to make the journey declared on it.
If the ticket is altered or damaged, it is not valid for the journey scheduled on it.
E-ticket
The e-tickets must be printed and then presented to our staff upon boarding.
In case of passenger delay resulting in the loss of the service indicated on the ticket purchased online, the same will also be valid for the next trip.
If the passenger missed the trip corresponds to the last possible departure of a day, the ticket will be valid for the following day.
Priority boarding is only guaranteed for the departure times booked and shown on the ticket.
Seat reservation
Passengers wishing to reserve a seat on a specific journey must book it online through our booking system before the same departure date.
Reservations depend on the availability of seats in the individual journeys.
Corrections to the ticket
The passenger can request the correction of his ticket both in relation to the type and destination of the same, as long as he travels on the same route.
The correction must be requested before the departure of the service indicated on the ticket.
The correction of the ticket can only be made in the offices of the Terravision Company or by its employees with this task.
If the correction of the ticket results in a price increase compared to the one paid, the passenger will have to pay the additional price.
Passengers can change the dates and times of their online reservations only by logging into their “My Terravision” account.
Tickets purchased offline through the Terravision staff cannot be changed or modified.
Liability of the passenger
The passenger must always check the booking data (place of departure and arrival, dates, times, number of passengers etc.) before confirming the purchase.
Even in the case of an e-ticket, the passenger must check the correctness of the data entered on the screen before proceeding with the payment.
Invalid ticket
The passenger must travel with a valid ticket.
If, following checks, he is found in possession of an invalid ticket, he will have to abandon the bus or, alternatively, buy another ticket directly from the driver.
Fake E-ticket
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate an e-ticket owned by a passenger if it has reasonable grounds to consider it false.
It may also prevent the passenger found in possession of this ticket from using his / her services and possibly taking legal action.
Lost ticket
Terravision is not obliged to replace the ticket in case of loss or theft of the same.
Therefore, upon the occurrence of theft or loss, the passenger who still wishes to use the service of this Company will have to purchase a new ticket.
Cancellation policy: Terravision tickets are non-refundable.
Terravision is not required to refund due to incorrect bookings, travel plan changes or flight delays / cancellations.
Cancellation of private services for groups: Fiumicino, Ciampino, Rome, Civitavecchia The cancellation by the Customer of a confirmed reservation will be free if it is made in writing, by e-mail (groups@terravision.eu), at least 5 working days before of the booked service; if, on the other hand, the cancellation occurs less than 5 working days from the date scheduled for the trip, the cost will be fully charged to the end customer.
Access to the cars
Stop
The boarding and alighting from the cars takes place exclusively at the authorized stops placed along the routes of the lines and indicated by special poles.
It is the passenger's responsibility to go to the most appropriate stop making sure to board the right bus.
A map of all our stops is available on the website www.terravison.eu.
Passenger delay
On the day of the race, it is necessary to show up at the stop at least 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
Terravision is not responsible for failure to travel if it is a consequence of the late arrival of the passenger and is not obliged to delay its service to wait for it.
Tickets from the city to the airport:
passengers are requested to book a service that allows them to arrive at the airport at least 2 hours before the scheduled flight departure time.
Terravision cannot be held responsible in the event of accidents, traffic or all those causes of force majeure not dependent on our will that may impede the normal performance of our services.
Users who do not follow the instructions provided by choosing a service that does not allow enough time to carry out the normal boarding procedures (check-in, security checks, etc.) will not be entitled to refunds.
Connections: it is the passenger's responsibility to plan his trip so that there is sufficient time to guarantee connections with other means of transport.
In the event that the passenger chooses a connection that does not allow him to arrive at boarding in advance, he will not receive any type of compensation.
Luggage
Baggage allowed
Terravision does not apply additional costs for luggage or place a limit on the number of luggage as long as there is space available in the appropriate compartment.
Hand luggage is allowed on board only if the dimensions are compatible with the compartments dedicated to them and if they do not cause danger during the journey (this is at the discretion of the driver).
Compatibly with the space available on board, in the opinion of the staff, the transport of ski equipment, skates, bicycles and other “special” items, contained in a special case, may also be allowed, based on the rates in force.
Fragile items such as electrical goods, portable televisions and radios are only transportable if of a reasonable size.
Small musical instruments, such as guitars, cellos, violins or violas, can only be taken on the bus by reserving a seat and paying the expected fare.
Mobility equipment (folding wheelchairs and other supports) are transported free of charge. The passenger, in case of doubt about whether or not to carry an item, must take care to contact Terravision to find out if the package is included with him. among the transportable ones.
The bus drivers offer assistance to passengers for their luggage but are not obliged to lift it.
For health and safety reasons, Terravision does not accept to carry items over 32 kg and with dimensions greater than 81 cm in height, 119 cm in length and 119 cm in depth.
The weight limit does not apply to equipment designed to allow the mobility of the disabled.
Terravision assumes no responsibility for items that are not properly packed, perishable or fragile, or for minor damage to the outer surface of the baggage (eg.
scratches, stains, dirt, dents), resulting from normal wear and tear.
Prohibited baggage
Terravision is not obliged to carry: firearms, edged weapons and any sharp object, blunt objects capable of causing injury, explosive substances, chemicals, drugs or solvents (except medicines), toxic or infectious substances, such as rat poison, blood infected, radioactive material, corrosive substances, such as mercury and vehicle batteries, and any item, in the opinion of the Company, dangerous, which may cause injury or which is unsuitable for the type of transport provided due to its weight, shape, extreme fragility or perishable nature.
The objects specified above as prohibited baggage, if found on board, will be immediately unloaded from the vehicle.
Baggage packaging and identification
All baggage following passengers must be perfectly packed and must also bear an identification plate with general information and telephone number of the owner - passenger.
Terravision reserves the right not to accept baggage on board the bus which, following inspection, will be found to be without these requirements.
All baggage, excluding hand baggage, will be stored in the special compartments of the buses.
Hand luggage
Hand baggage will be stored in the compartment next to the passenger and will remain available to the passenger.
For this reason the responsibility, in case of loss, will be attributable only to the passenger.
It is advisable to carry valuable items or items of significant economic value including money, jewelry, precious metals, identification documents, electronic devices and life-saving medicines in your hand luggage.
Liability for lost baggage
In case of loss of baggage in a car or in a bus station, it will be taken into custody by Terravision.
The passenger will be charged a fee for this service including, where possible, the shipment of lost baggage.
Baggage without telephone number and address will be disposed of within one month of finding it.
The contents of the baggage will be examined and, where considered dangerous or perishable, eliminated within 48 hours of being found.
Luggage found by other passengers and promptly delivered to the car managers will also be stored.
The loss of a baggage must be communicated to our staff immediately and confirmed, with the details of all lost items, within 72 hours from the conclusion of the trip by letter sent to the Terravision Company, Via Archimede 164 - 00197 Rome - Italy or with e - mail addressed to customerservices@terravision.eu or to any other address advertised for this purpose.
Terravision recommends that you insure your luggage for all damages related to the transport contract with specific insurance companies.
Terravision responsibility
Transport
Terravision is obliged to transport passengers with a regular ticket and their baggage in compliance with the rules of this document.
The Company also undertakes to minimize inconvenience and inconvenience relating to the trip.
Delay or cancellation of rides
The timetables published on www.terravision.eu are approximate.
The Company reserves the right to modify them by informing users of the causes of the modification as well as of any alternative timetables.
Terravision may also suspend or cancel the rides by forcing itself to notify passengers.
In the latter case, the Company may choose whether to insert a new journey to replace the suspended one or to extend the validity of the passenger's ticket.
Terravision is not responsible in case of loss, damage, costs suffered by passengers due to delay or cancellation of the service.
Terravision has no obligation towards passengers who have not booked the ride.
Cancellation after the start of the service
If the bus on which the passenger travels is unable to reach the destination chosen by the passenger, unless the cause goes beyond the control of Terravision, the Company reserves the right to choose between the following options: alternative transport that guarantees the passenger to arrive at their destination; b) arrange a replacement car; c) grant reimbursement of expenses incurred by the passenger; d) issue a coupon in favor of the passenger.
Absence of responsibility
Terravision is not responsible for circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
Examples of events beyond the control of the Company are the following: war or threat of war, accidents on the service route, severe and exceptional weather conditions, fire and / or damage to a bus station, vandalism, terrorism, unexpected traffic, riots , technical problems or local unrest, theft or loss.
Death and personal injury
Terravision will reimburse the damage suffered in the event of death or personal injury to a passenger due to its own negligence.
Airline companies
Terravision is not responsible for the quality of the service provided by the airlines or for any delays or cancellations of transfers.
Complaints
Method
The passenger must make the complaint personally and, if requested, must provide an identity document as well as the relevant documentation relating to the flight.
If the ticket contains the names of several passengers, they must make the claim at the same time.
The complaint must be submitted to the Terravision offices or sent by email to customerservices@terravision.eu.
The deadline for making the claim is 30 days from the departure date of the trip.
At the time of the complaint, the purchased ticket must be attached.
Passenger coupon
Features
The coupon is: personal, transferable to third parties, valid for six months from the date of issue resulting from it.
The coupon can be used for all Terravision services as well as in the Terracafè in Rome and Florence.
Extinction of the voucher
If the passenger wants to use a service whose cost is greater than the value of the voucher, he will have to pay the difference in price; if the cost is lower, he will not receive any compensation for the difference.
Passenger behavior
Behavior required
The passenger must behave in a correct and reasonable manner both in the stations and on board the buses, listening carefully to the instructions of the Terravision staff members.
Prohibited behavior
Passengers are prohibited from engaging in incorrect behavior, some of which are examples below: threaten Terravision staff or other users of the service, place their luggage in such a way as to create inconvenience to other passengers by blocking the emergency exits or the central corridor of the bus, use radios, noisy games, musical instruments, radio devices that cause annoyance to other users.
Passengers are prohibited from eating or drinking on board.
Alcoholic or narcotic substances cannot be brought on board the bus nor can passengers who are under the influence of such substances get on the bus.
Terravision reserves the right to prevent passengers from boarding the bus or facilitating their disembarkation, wherever possible, who, regardless of the requirements, has behaved prohibited.
Responsibility for the behavior of other passengers
Terravision is not responsible for acts and omissions committed by other passengers on the bus or in the station.
The Company undertakes, however, to monitor the behavior of all users.
Terravision communications
Terravision will provide passengers with information via e-mail to the address communicated at the time of booking in relation to schedule changes, general communications or cancellations of travel itineraries.
The sending of the e-mail message will be accepted as proof of receipt.
If a valid e-mail address has not been communicated to Terravision, it will be necessary to check, between 24 and 72 hours before departure, on the website www.terravision.eu or at a Company box to ensure that there are no communications or program changes.
Conclusions
Indications
The transport contract stipulated with Terravision is subject to the general conditions of transport for passengers and baggage currently in force and the related regulations, provisions and / or regulations relating to specific objects.
The Terravision conditions and regulations are, by means of this notification, included by reference in the contract and form part of it.
It should be noted that Terravision London Finance ltd is a company operating in the resale of airport transport tickets for third-party companies and which is exempt from any type of liability for any damage caused to persons or things by third-party companies that perform the service. of transport.
Privacy Act
We communicate the necessary information regarding the purposes and methods of treatment, as well as the scope of communication and dissemination of the personal data you have provided to Terravision (hereinafter also just the "Company") for your participation in the website www.terravision. eu (hereinafter also just the "Site").
The purpose of the processing and its duration are strictly connected to your participation in the Site.
The Company may use the data provided by you for all purposes related to your participation, including the possibility of giving you access to all the services provided by the same site.
The Company reserves the right to use such data also for all other lawful purposes related to the activity.
If necessary, Terravision has the right to modify this Privacy Directive as a result of sector initiatives or changes regarding legislation, the methods of collection and use of IIPs or Relevant Data, the functionality of the services or technologies.
These changes will be effective from the moment they are published by the Company on the Site.
By continuing to use the Services offered by Terravision after the publication of an updated version of the Privacy Directive, the User tacitly accepts the Privacy Directive with its amendments.
Therefore, it is important that the User periodically reread the Privacy Directive itself to be always aware of any changes.
In the event of substantial changes in the methods of collection and use of the IIPs and Relevant Data by Terravision, the management of the IIP and Relevant Data of the individual User will in any case remain subject to the Privacy Directive on the basis of which they were collected. , unless the User has been informed of the change and has not raised objections.
In particular, the Company may:
a) process the data that you have provided to us to carry out analyzes, market surveys and statistics for detecting the degree of user satisfaction and their preferences, in relation to the services that are the subject of the Company's activity;
b) process the data you have provided to us and those derived from your browsing on the Site to identify the commercial profile and to use it for marketing, advertising, promotional and commercial purposes; for this purpose, the Company may use cookies, or portions of files stored on your computer to monitor your movements within the Site;
c) communicate the news of the Site and, more generally, the activities carried out by the Company.
For the purposes of the processing, as illustrated above, and within the limits thereof, all your data may also be disclosed to third parties, public or private, such as companies that carry out market and statistical surveys, companies that carry out marketing activities advertising, promotional and commercial.
The provision of data and the relative consent to the processing, communication and transfer, for the aforementioned purposes, are mandatory for participation in the Project.
Any refusal to provide the requested data or to give its consent to the processing, communication and transfer, would result in non-participation in the Project and the impossibility of fulfilling the obligations related to the Project itself.
The processing of your personal data will be carried out in an automated form, both online and offline, by persons specifically appointed by the Company, such as employees, collaborators or consultants of the Company itself.
The Site may contain links that will transfer you to other sites.
These sites that can be linked from www.terravision.eu are not under the control of the Company and it is possible that they have a different privacy policy than that described therein.
Consequently, the Company cannot be held responsible in any way for any violation of your right to privacy occurred on sites other than www.terravision.eu
Furthermore, the Company will in no case be held responsible for any direct communication of your personal data, sensitive or of any other nature, which occurs in the sections of the Site dedicated to the Forums.
The Company reserves the right to transfer the data provided by you to any third party purchasers of the same or one of its branches.
You will be able to assert your rights, such as access, indication of the origin of personal data, clarifications on the methods and purposes of the processing, the logic applied in case of treatment with electronic methods, the indication of the identification details of the Data Controller. of the processing and of the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the data may be communicated or who may learn about them, the updating, rectification, integration, cancellation, transformation and blocking of your data processed in violation of law - by contacting the Data Controller at the addresses indicated below:
The Data Controller is Terravision London Finance, reachable by e-mail at the address: customerservices@terravision.eu - registered office Park View 183 -189, The Vale London, W37RW.
