https://web.archive.org/web/20181216060210/https://www.tumblr.com/policy/it/terms-of-service
General conditions of use of the Service Last modified: 2018-05-15.
Tumblr is a US company and is subject to US law and jurisdiction.
The original version of these General Conditions of Use of the Service (in addition to any other conditions, policies or guidelines provided to you) is in English.
If a translated version of these General Conditions of Use of the Service (or any other conditions, policies or guidelines provided to you) differs from the English version, the latter is to be considered the official version.
THESE GENERAL TERMS OF USE OF THE SERVICE CONTAIN LIMITATIONS ON TUMBLR'S LIABILITY IN SECTION 14.
Ciao!
We welcome you to the General Terms of Use of the Tumblr Service.
Please read this document carefully before using our site, services or products.
This document is a contract between you and Tumblr.
We have also included several annotations which are not part of the contract itself, but are intended to stand out the main sections and help you understand the text.
We have tried to be clear and direct.
Do not hesitate to contact us for any doubts or suggestions!
1.
Acceptance of the General Conditions of Use of the Service
Please read these Terms of Service and our Community Guidelines (collectively, the "Agreement") carefully before using tumblr.com (the "Site") and / or other domains, websites, products, applications , mobile applications, services and / or Content provided by Tumblr, Inc. (
all collectively with the Site, the "Services") (Tumblr, Inc.,
is a Delaware company and wholly owned by Oath Inc.,
also a Delaware company ("Oath"), collectively referred to, together with its agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers and directors, "Tumblr," "we," or "our").
By using or accessing the Services, you (hereinafter "Subscriber" or "user") agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you must not, nor are you permitted to, use the Services.
Tumblr's Personalized Services cannot be provided and you cannot enforce the terms of this Agreement without Tumblr processing information relating to you and other users.
The processing of the information you share with Tumblr is critical to the personalized Services we provide and that you expect to receive, including the Content and personalized advertisements (as described below), and is a necessary part for us to perform the 'Agreement we made with you.
We just want to inform you that Tumblr is now part of Oath, a digital media and mobile company with over 50 brands worldwide, part of the Verizon family of companies; therefore these General Terms of Use of the Service applicable to your use of Tumblr have been updated to reflect this change.
This section also includes an Agreement with the terms of which you agree to comply.
2.
Changes to this Agreement
Tumblr reserves the right to make changes to this Agreement (1) by posting the updated version of this Agreement on and / or through the Services and (2) by notifying you that the Agreement has been amended, by email if possible or through the Services (for example, through a notification on your Tumblr Dashboard or within our mobile phone applications).
The changes will not apply retroactively.
You are responsible for checking and taking notice of any changes made to this Agreement.
You may be required to check and explicitly accept (or reject) a modified version of the Agreement.
In such event, the changes will become effective when the user accepts the modified version of the Agreement.
If you do not agree, you will not be allowed to use the Services.
In cases where you are not required to explicitly accept a modified version of this Agreement, but you have been notified as described above, the modified version of the Agreement will become effective fourteen days after its posting and the sending the relevant notification to the user.
After this period, the use of the Services by the user implies acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement as modified.
If you do not accept these changes, you will not be allowed to use the Services, and therefore must stop using them.
Please note that if you have prepaid any Paid Service (as defined below) before a change is made to this Agreement, your use of that Paid Service is governed by the version of the Agreement in effect at the time. where Tumblr received the advance payment from the user.
The continuous improvement and expansion of Tumblr implies the making of changes to these General Conditions of Use of the Service.
Whenever a change is made, the user will be informed.
Tumblr will also introduce the practice of posting previous versions to facilitate understanding of the changes / additions / deletions made.
To consult previous versions, you need to scroll to the end of this document.
3.
Use of the Services
Requirements:
It is not possible to use the Services, provide personal information to Tumblr or otherwise send personal information through the Services (including, for example, a name, telephone number and email address) if the Minimum Age is not reached.
Minimum Age is (i) thirteen (13) years or (ii) sixteen (16) years for users in the European Union (or the lowest age in your country to provide consent to data processing personal).
You may use the Services only if you are able to enter into a binding contract with Tumblr and, therefore, are not in a condition where you are legally prohibited from using such Services.
You must have reached the minimum age to use Tumblr.
This rule must be absolutely respected. "
But I'm big enough! "
you might say.
No, we are sorry.
If you have not reached the minimum age, do not use Tumblr.
Ask your parents for a Playstation 4 or try reading some books.
Changes and Limitations to the Service:
The Services change often, therefore form and functionality may be changed without prior notice to the user.
Tumblr reserves the right to place limitations on, and in connection with, the use of the Services, in its sole discretion and at any time, with or without notice.
Tumblr may also impose limits on certain Services or portions of those Services or partially or entirely restrict your access to the Services without notice or liability.
At any time, Tumblr may modify, suspend or discontinue all or some of the Services, including the availability of any product, feature, database or Content (as defined below).
Additionally, Tumblr may terminate or suspend Accounts (as defined below) at any time in its sole discretion.
Tumblr is a constantly evolving platform.
By continually introducing new products, services and features, you need the flexibility to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or end certain offers (such as, for example, unsuccessful features).
We can also terminate or suspend any account at any time.
It sounds harsh, but we use this power when there is a reason, as described in these General Terms of Use for the Service, our Privacy Policy and our Community Guidelines.
Restrictions on Automatic Use:
You may not, without prior written permission, do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (a) tamper with or use non-public areas of the Services, or computers or systems of Tumblr and / or its service providers; (b) explore, scan or test any system or network (especially for vulnerabilities) or possibly attempt to breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (c) access or search or attempt to access, or attempt to search, the Services in any way (automated or otherwise) other than through the interfaces currently available and published by Tumblr (and only in accordance with these General Terms of Use of the Service), unless expressly authorized by Tumblr's robots.txt file or other automated exclusion mechanisms; (d) tamper with the Services and, in particular, extract the Content (as defined below) from the Services; (e) use the Services to send information identified from origin as altered, fraudulent or false, including without limitation forging TCP-IP packet headers or email headers; or (f) interfere with or interrupt (or attempt to take such action) access to any Subscriber, host or network, including without limitation by sending a virus, spamming or by overloading the Services, or by use of the Scripted Services in a way that interferes with or creates an undue load on the Services.
Do not commit actions that could harm Tumblr or other users.
In this section, some typical examples of malicious actions are listed.
4.
Registration, Tumblr URL and Security
As a condition of using certain Services and in order for these to be provided to you, you may need to create an account ("Account"), provide age information and an email address, as well as select a password and username. Tumblr, which will serve as the default link for the default Tumblr blog, which will take the form [username] .tumblr.com ("Tumblr URL").
The user must select a different Tumblr URL for each new blog created.
You agree to provide Tumblr with complete, accurate and up-to-date information, especially regarding your email address, for registration purposes.
It is imperative that the email address associated with the user's Tumblr account is accurate and up to date.
If the user forgets the password or, worse, is the victim of a fraudulent phishing attack, a working email address is often the only way that allows us to recover the user's account.
You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account password and security and will immediately notify Tumblr of any actual or suspected loss, theft or unauthorized use of your Account or password.
5.
Privacy
For information on how Tumblr collects, uses and shares user information, please see our Privacy Policy.
By using the Services you agree that you have read the Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use and share (as indicated in the Privacy Policy) such information, including its transfer to the United States and / or to other countries for the purposes of their storage, processing and use by Tumblr and its Affiliates (as defined below).
6.
Subscriber Content and Content
Definitions:
For the purposes of this Agreement: (1) the term "Content" means a creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, written posts, responses, comments, information , data, text, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, Themes (as defined below) and interactive functions that can be generated, provided or made available through the Services; (2) the term "Subscriber Content" means the content that a Subscriber sends, transfers or provides to the Services.
Content includes, without limitation, all Subscriber Content.
Your rights relating to the Subscriber Content:
Subscribers retain ownership and / or any other rights in the Subscriber's Content, while Tumblr and / or third parties retain ownership and / or any other rights in any Content that is not owned by the Subscriber.
You retain ownership of any intellectual property made public on Tumblr.
Subscriber Content License to Tumblr:
When you provide Subscriber Content to Tumblr through the Services, you grant Tumblr a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable right and license to use, host, store, cache , reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (including, without limitation, in order to adapt it to the requirements of the networks, devices, services or media through which the Services are made available) and to create derivative works of such Subscriber Content.
The rights that the user grants in this license are deemed to have been granted in order to allow Tumblr to provide the Services according to their functionality, to improve them, to advertise them and to develop new ones.
In this license, the reference to "create derivative works" should not be understood as granting Tumblr a right to make substantial editorial changes or derivations but, for example, to allow re-blogging, which allows Tumblr Subscribers to redistribute Subscriber Content from a Tumblr blog to another blog, in a way that allows them to add text or other Content before or immediately after the Subscriber Content.
When you upload your creations to Tumblr, you are giving permission to make those creations available in any way that Tumblr expects (for example, through your blog, RSS, Tumblr Dashboard, and so on).
Tumblr does not intend to take any action that has not been foreseen by the user.
Additional information worth mentioning: Tumblr's countless blogs were created to give rise to books, movies, brands, and more.
It goes without saying that all royalties or refunds obtained by the user for their creations belong entirely to the user.
They are works owned by the user and Tumblr is proud to have contributed (albeit to a small extent) to this success.
You further agree that this license includes the right for Tumblr to make all Public Content available to third parties selected by Tumblr, so that such third parties can sell and / or analyze such Content on other media and services.
"Making all Content publicly available" to Tumblr partners means, by way of example only, the distribution or analysis licensed to the so-called Tumblr "stream", which is a real-time feed of all public activity done on Tumblr for partners such as search engines.
Please also note that this Subscriber Content license remains in effect even after you stop using the Services, primarily due to the social nature of the Content shared through the Tumblr Services.
In fact, when the user makes a Content publicly available, other users can choose to comment on it, thus making the Content part of a social conversation which, if it were deleted at a later time, would constitute an act of retroactive censorship against other users. .
A factor to consider before making a post: when the user publishes content on the Internet, it is practically impossible to delete all copies.
You further agree to respect the intellectual property rights of other users and represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to license Tumblr with respect to all Subscriber Content transferred to us.
Tumblr may, at its discretion, add its affiliates 'code to links posted on Tumblr, as long as you have not previously included your affiliates' code in the appropriate link.
Users can disable this feature here.
License of the Content to the user:
As a Subscriber to the Services, Tumblr grants you a worldwide, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable and non-transferable license to download, store, display, display, perform, redistribute and create derivative works of the Content only in connection your use of the Services and in strict compliance with the functionality and limitations of the Services themselves (including, without limitation, the Paid Services, as defined below).
This means, for example, that Tumblr licenses the Content to you for re-blogging purposes.
Respect of the Community Guidelines:
You agree not to violate the Tumblr Community Guidelines.
Cancellation and Elimination:
Following the deletion of your Account, or once certain portions of the Subscriber Content are deleted from the Services, Tumblr will make every effort to make such Subscriber Content inaccessible and to cease using it and, if required by the applicable Privacy Policy, to delete the data of your Account and / or Subscriber Content, unless it is permitted or required to keep this data in accordance with the provisions of the law; however, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) the deleted Subscriber Content may continue to reside in cache memory or backups for a reasonable period of time and that (b) copies or references to the Subscriber Content may not be removed in full (for example, as in the case of republication on blogs).
The user can delete his account at any time here.
7.
Application Developer Specific Provisions
If you develop software or services based on the Services or any Content, whether using the Tumblr Application Programming Interface or not, you accept and agree to abide by the Tumblr API and Application Developer License Agreement.
8.
Use of the Trademarks
Any use of Tumblr's trademarks, brands, logos and other similar assets linked to the Services must use Tumblr's approved branding and must comply with Tumblr's Trademark Guidelines.
9.
Topics
Tumblr provides specific HTML and CSS code ("Tumblr Template Code") for the design and layout of blog pages that may be used on certain Services ("Themes").
Certain Themes are available for purchase as a Paid Service (as defined below) (such Themes are referred to below as "Premium Themes").
Premium Themes purchased cannot be transferred between different Accounts, blogs or Services on a single Account and are subject to the payment conditions described in this document.
Tumblr grants you a license to customize the Tumblr Template Code in order to create your own Themes for use on your blog pages (each a "Custom Theme").
If you wish, you can also contribute to having your Custom Themes be used by other Subscribers as Subscriber Content.
However, as a condition of this license that allows you to create Custom Themes, you agree not to distribute such Custom Themes from locations other than those owned by Tumblr or from approved websites, without our permission, as set out in the our Community Guidelines.
Also note that other Subscribers may use your Custom Themes once they have been removed from distribution.
You hereby grant Subscribers an irrevocable license to use their Custom Themes as provided by you.
In other words, the user can remove and stop the distribution of their Custom Themes but Subscribers who are already using them will be able to continue to do so.
To develop and distribute Custom Themes which are Premium Themes, please contact us.
10.
Payment services
Some of the Services require you to pay fees (the "Paid Services", including, without limitation, Premium Themes).
All rates are quoted in US dollars.
You must pay all applicable fees in connection with such Services, as described in the relevant Services, in addition to any related taxes or additional costs.
Paid Services are limited licenses that allow you to use specific paid features of the Services.
The use of terms such as sell, sell, buy, purchase or similar expressions all refer to your acquisition of a license to use the Paid Services and does not represent any transfer of any right, title or ownership of any guy.
You may not re-license, resell, transfer or trade Paid Services within or outside the Services, unless expressly permitted by the terms governing such Paid Services.
Tumblr may, in its sole discretion, change functionality or remove Paid Services or the terms and conditions under which Paid Services are provided.
Purchases of Paid Services are final and non-refundable (especially for those Paid Services that can be used immediately, such as Promotions, as defined below), except Tumblr, in its sole discretion, provides otherwise and in any case in accordance with the conditions governing each Paid Service.
The closure of the user's account or the loss of the user's rights under this Agreement may cause the loss of the Paid Services purchased.
For example, if the user's Account has been suspended, the user loses the license for any Premium Theme purchased.
At any time, Tumblr may change its pricing for Paid Services.
To the extent applicable, Tumblr will notify you, with reasonable notice, of any price changes by posting the new rates on or through the relevant Paid Services and / or by sending an email notification.
If you do not wish to pay the new rates, you can choose not to purchase or cancel the Paid Service before the rate change is effective.
11.
Special Provisions for Promotions
Some features of the Services may allow you to promote yourself to other Subscribers and some of these features may be included in the Paid Services ("Promotions").
The following additional conditions are applicable to the Promotions:
Anything you promote must comply with this Agreement.
If not, Tumblr reserves the right in its sole discretion to cancel a Promotion without refund or recourse for you.
Tumblr may remove or disable any Promotion for any reason in its sole discretion.
Unless otherwise specified, Tumblr does not guarantee any activity that may be received by Promotions, including, without limitation, clicks, likes and re-blogs.
Tumblr cannot control how Subscribers interact with Promotions and is not responsible for "invalid clicks" or other fraudulent actions performed by third parties, including, without limitation, Subscribers.
Tumblr does not warrant that its reports relating to the Promotions are accurate or complete, nor does it guarantee that the Promotions will perform certain.
Therefore, Tumblr will in no way be held liable to you or for any erroneous reports or false performance or events relating to the Promotions (for example, any error relating to the way in which Likes or Re-blogs are counted).
Promotions may allow you to target certain characteristics of the Subscribers.
Tumblr does not guarantee that a specific Promotion will always reach a particular type of audience.
You may cancel certain Promotions at any time based on their functionality, but you are responsible for paying for Promotions that have already been used or distributed through the Services.
By submitting a Promotion, you authorize Tumblr to run that Promotion for the time specified by you, which, under the Promotion, may also be indefinite.
This license ends when the Promotion has been completed or canceled.
However, it may take up to forty eight (48) hours for a Promotion to be terminated as part of the Services.
12.
Warranty Limitation; Services available "AS I AM"
Your access and use of the Services or any Content is at your sole risk.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
WITHOUT LIMITATION OF ANY OF THE ABOVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TUMBLR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ABSENCE OF ANY INFRINGEMENT.
Tumblr makes no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever in connection with the Services, including any representations or warranties that use of the Services will be (a) timely, uninterrupted or error free, or that it works in conjunction with any other hardware, software, system or data, (b) that it meets your requirements or expectations, (c) that it is error free or that defects will be corrected, (d) that it does not contain viruses or other harmful components; or (e) that it is completely secure or that the information you share with us is secure.
Tumblr also makes no representations or warranties of any kind in relation to the Content; in particular, the Subscriber Content is provided by, and under the sole responsibility of the Subscriber providing such Content.
No advice or information, oral or written, obtained from Tumblr or through the Services, will ever generate guarantees not expressly contained in this Agreement.
13.
Time Limitation of Complaints and Exemption from Liability
You agree that any complaint that may arise from or be inherent to this Agreement or the relationship between you and Tumblr, must be filed within one year from the time such complaint occurs; otherwise, the right to raise any complaint by the user is considered definitively waived.
In addition, you release, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Tumblr and its employees, agents, consultants, directors, shareholders, any other person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, whether under joint control with or directly or indirectly controlled. from, Tumblr (the "Tumblr Affiliates"), from liabilities, obligations, claims, claims and / or damages (actual and consequential) of any kind or nature, known or unknown (including, without limitation, disputes of negligent actions ), derived from or related to the following:
Disputes between Subscribers, including those between you and Subscribers.
In general, the work of third parties (that is, individuals or entities other than Tumblr or Tumblr Affiliates), including third party sites and services.
Disputes relating to any use or action taken on the Account by you or a third party.
Complaints regarding unauthorized access to any communication of data relating to your Account or Content stored in or relating to your Account, including, without limitation, unauthorized interception, use or the alteration of such communications or the User Content.
For clarity, all complaints regarding the security of Account credentials are included.
Complaints relating to any personal meeting related in any way to Tumblr and in any location ("Meetup"), including, without limitation, complaints relating to the actions or omissions of any Subscriber or third party organizing, attending or otherwise involved in any Meetup; we encourage you to read our Meetup Page for more information.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, Tumblr does not sponsor, supervise or control Meetups in any way.
If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code ยง 1542, under which: "A general waiver does not extend to claims that the creditor does not know or suspects exist in his favor. at the time of signing the waiver itself, and that, if he had known them, they would have materially affected the agreement with the debtor. "
14.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TUMBLR AND ITS AFFILIATES OF TUMBLR CANNOT BE LIABLE FOR: (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE; (B) LOSS OF: PROFITS, REVENUES, DATA, USE, GOODWILL OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (C) DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES BY THE USER; (D) DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR SUBSCRIBER USING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OR CONTENT; AND / OR (E) ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY CONTENT.
THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTIES, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL REASON, WHETHER TUMBLR KNOWS OR LESS SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A REMEDY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT TO ITS SPECIFIC PURPOSE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF TUMBLR AND TUMBLR AFFILIATES FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY, IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM SUM OF US $ 100.00 SUMMER. PAID BY THE USER FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICES.
15.
Exclusions of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Some jurisdictions may not grant the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion / limitation of liability as provided in paragraph 14 above, therefore the limitations described above may not apply to you.
16.
Resolution
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying the other party.
Tumblr may immediately terminate or suspend your access or your ability to use any or all of the Services, without notice or liability, for any or no reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, the violation by the user of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
In particular, Tumblr may immediately terminate or suspend Accounts that have been reported for repeatedly infringing copyright.
Once you have terminated your access or ability to use the Services, including, without limitation, the suspension of your Account on a Service, your right to use or access that Service and all of its Content will cease. immediately.
All the provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature will continue to be applicable, will continue to apply, including, without limitation, the clauses on ownership and the limitations on warranties and liability.
The termination of the right of access and use of the Services by the user does not release him from any obligation deriving from or arising prior to such termination, nor does it limit any responsibility of the user towards Tumblr or any third parties and, if he is a resident user in the European Economic Area, does not deprive him of his rights described in the Privacy Policy.
17.
Jurisdiction and dispute resolution
You and Tumblr agree to resolve any claims or disputes, whether by law or equity, arising from this Agreement or the Services, pursuant to this Section or as agreed between Tumblr and you in writing.
Before resorting to formal dispute resolution, we strongly encourage you to contact us to find a solution.
Law and place of jurisdiction for legal disputes:
All aspects of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York as applicable to agreements entered into, and to be fully enforced, on the territory of New York between residents of New York, notwithstanding any principles applicable to conflicts of law. .
You agree that any claims or disputes you may have against Tumblr will be decided solely by a state or federal court in New York County, New York, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in New York County, New York for the purpose of discussing any claim or dispute.
If you are (a) a U.S. local, state or federal agency or governmental entity, (b) using the Services in an official capacity, and (c) legally unable to accept the terms in this Section , then this Section will not apply.
For such entities, this Agreement and any related actions will be governed by the laws of the United States of America, notwithstanding any principles applicable to conflicts of law, and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted by federal law, by the laws of the State of New York, excluding the choice of jurisdiction.
18.
Various
This Agreement, as amended from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Tumblr regarding the subject matter of the agreement.
This Agreement supersedes all informal, prior or contemporary, written or oral agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter of the Agreement and constitutes the entire and sole agreement between the parties.
The failure of either party, in any way, of one of the rights set forth herein does not constitute a waiver of any further rights under this Agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be void or unenforceable, such provision will be removed or enforced to the maximum extent necessary so that the Agreement remains valid and enforceable.
You may not assign, transfer or sub-license this Agreement without Tumblr's prior written permission.
Tumblr may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time without your permission.
This Agreement does not create any agency relationship, partnership, shared responsibility, joint venture or dependency and you have no authority to bind Tumblr in any way whatsoever.
Any communication addressed to Tumblr, requested or authorized by this Agreement, must be sent in writing and will be considered valid upon receipt of the same, when delivered personally by a nationally recognized express courier, by priority mail, registered mail or certified mail, or in pre-franked envelopes, a
Tumblr, Inc.
770 Broadway
New York, NY, 10003,
Attn: Legal Department
.
19.
Specific Terms for Subscribers Resident Outside the United States
Tumblr provides products worldwide and allows a global community of individuals to share and follow the things they love.
Tumblr's servers and activities are, however, located in the United States and Tumblr's policies and procedures are based on U.S. law.
For this reason, the following terms apply to Subscribers residing outside the United States: (1) you agree that Tumblr will transfer, store, and process your information, including, without limitation, Subscriber Content. and any personal data, in the United States and / or other countries for the purpose of providing the Services to you and executing this Agreement; and (2) if you use the Services from a United States embargoed country or on the United States Treasury Department's list of "Special Designated Countries", you agree that you may not enter into any financial transaction. or conduct any business using or availing the Services (for example, purchasing Premium Themes).
Submit a Notice of Infringement
20.
DMCA Copyright Policy
Tumblr has adopted the following policy with respect to copyright infringement on the Services, pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA").
The address of Tumblr's Designated Agent for copyright takedown requests ("Designated Agent") is below.
You can submit a request under the DMCA using our copyright notice form.
Reporting of Copyright Infringement Instances:
If you believe that Content on or accessible on or through the Services infringes a copyright, you are encouraged to send a copyright infringement report containing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below:
Identification of the work or material believed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material claimed to be infringing, including its location, with sufficient detail for Tumblr to be able to locate it and verify its existence.
Contact information of the party submitting the report (the "Notifying Party"), including name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that the material does not have the authorization of the rightful owner, its agent or the law.
A statement under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the report is accurate and that the Notifying Party is authorized to file a complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner who is allegedly infringed.
Also note that information provided in a copyright infringement report may be forwarded to the Subscriber who posted the allegedly infringing content.
Once the material is removed in accordance with a valid request under the DMCA, Tumblr will immediately notify the Subscriber responsible for the allegedly infringing material that such content has been removed or that its access has been disabled.
Tumblr will terminate, under certain circumstances, Subscriber Accounts who have repeatedly infringed copyright and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any relationship with Subscribers who have actually or allegedly infringed copyright.
Submitting a Counter Notice under the DMCA:
If you believe you are mistakenly the recipient of a report under the DMCA, you can file a counter notification to Tumblr by providing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below:
The specific URLs of the material that Tumblr has removed or has disabled access to.
The user's name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that you acknowledge the jurisdiction of the Federal District Courts for the judicial district in which your address is located (or the federal district courts located in New York County, New York, if the address is outside outside the United States), and that you agree to be notified of the trial by the person who provided the initial notice under the DMCA or by an agent acting on that person's behalf.
The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, to believe in good faith that the material has been removed or deactivated in error or misidentification of the material to be removed or deactivated.
User's signature.
Upon receipt of the counter notification, Tumblr will return it to the Notifying Party who submitted the original report under the DMCA.
The Notifying Party (or the copyright holder that such party represents) will have ten (10) days to notify Tumblr that it has filed a legal action related to the alleged copyright infringement.
If Tumblr does not receive such notification within ten (10) days, the material in question will be restored to the Services.
Designated Agent
Tumblr, Inc.
770 Broadway
New York, NY 10003
To the c.a.:
Copyright Agent
Fax: +1 (646) 513-4321
Email: dmca@tumblr.com
Copyright reporting form: https: //www.tumblr.com/dmca
21.
Information on Open Source
You can find information regarding our use of Open Source software packages at the following links:
https://www.tumblr.com/policy/ios-credits
https://www.tumblr.com/policy/android-credits
https://www.tumblr.com/policy/web-credits
Links to Previous Versions
The user will find previous versions of the General Conditions of Use of the Service on GitHub, which allows the user to compare older versions and view which conditions have been updated.
https://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/terms_of_service/it/terms_of_service.txt
