General Conditions of Use and Sale
Last updated: February 02, 2022.
To view previous versions, visit the Legal Area - Previous versions of documents page.
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU Sarl and/or its affiliates ("Amazon" or "we") provide site features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop on Amazon.it (the "site"), use Amazon devices, products or services, Amazon mobile applications, or software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, the “Amazon Services”).
We invite you to review our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy, and our Interest-Based Advertising Policy to understand how we collect and process your personal data through the Amazon Services.
Amazon provides the Amazon Services under the following terms and conditions ("General Conditions of Use and Sale").
Amazon.it is the commercial name of Amazon.
I) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE
II) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
I) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE
We invite you to carefully read these general terms of use ("General Terms of Use") before using the Amazon Services.
By using the Amazon Services you accept these General Conditions of Use in full.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services and may sometimes be subject to additional terms and conditions.
If you use an Amazon Service (for example: Your Profile, Gift Cards, or Amazon mobile applications), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that particular Amazon Service ("Terms of the Service").
In the event of a conflict between these General Conditions of Use and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service will prevail.
Notification form and procedure for reporting rights violations.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use the Amazon Services or send us emails, text messages (SMS), and other communications from your computer or mobile device, you are communicating with us electronically.
We may communicate with you in various ways, such as through email, text messages (SMS), in-app notifications, or by posting messages and communications on the site or through other Amazon Services, such as our Communications Center.
Without prejudice to specific mandatory legal provisions, for the purposes of this contract, you accept that all contracts, notifications, information and other communications that we provide to you in electronic form satisfy the requirement of written form, when required by law. .
TIPS AND CUSTOMIZATION
As part of the Amazon Services, we will suggest features, products and services, including third-party advertisements, that may be of interest to you, and we will also identify your preferences and personalize your experience.
COPYRIGHT AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content contained in or made available through the Amazon Services, in the form of text, graphics, logos, icon buttons, images, audio files, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Amazon or its content providers and are protected by the laws of Luxembourg and international laws regarding copyright and database rights.
The list of all content contained in or made available through the Amazon Services is the exclusive property of Amazon and is protected by the laws of Luxembourg and international laws regarding copyright and database rights.
You may not systematically extract and/or reuse portions of the Amazon Services without Amazon's express written consent.
In particular, you may not use data mining, robots, or similar capture or extraction devices to extract (one or more times) for reuse any substantial part of any Amazon Services, without our express written consent.
Nor will you be able to create and/or publish your own database that reproduces substantial parts (e.g.
prices and product listings) of the Amazon Services without Amazon's express written consent.
BRAND NAMES
Visit the Trademarks and Patents page to view a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks.
In addition, the graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, fonts and service marks included in or made available through any of the Amazon Services are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon.
Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon.
All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear on any of the Amazon Services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon.
PATENTS
The Amazon Services and the features accessible through those services are protected by one or more patents owned by Amazon.
The Amazon Services use one or more patents in whole or in part on the basis of licenses.
Visit the Trademarks & Patents page to view a non-exhaustive list of patents owned by Amazon and patents licensed to Amazon.
LICENSE TO ACCESS AMAZON SERVICES
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, the Terms of Service, and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content provider grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to access the Amazon Services and make personal, non-commercial use of them.
This license does not include any rights of resale or commercial use of any Amazon Services or their contents, nor the right to collect and use product listings, descriptions or prices, make any derivative use of the Amazon Services or their contents, make any download or copy account information for the benefit of another merchant or use data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction devices.
All rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use or the Terms of Service remain with Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, owners or other service providers.
You may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit for any commercial use the Amazon Services in whole or in part without our express written consent.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to misappropriate any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or layout) of Amazon without express written consent from us.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without our express written consent.
You must not misuse the Amazon Services.
You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law.
Violation of these General Conditions of Use or the Terms of Service will result in the revocation of the authorization or license issued by Amazon.
YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services and you may be required to log in to your account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account.
Access your Payments page to manage your payment options.
If you use the Amazon Services, you are responsible for keeping your account and password confidential and for controlling access to your computer and devices, and you agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to be responsible for all activities that will be carried out with your account and password.
You undertake to take all necessary precautions to ensure that your password remains secure and confidential and you undertake to inform us immediately if you have reason to believe that any third party knows your password, or if your password is, or is alleged to be, used in an unauthorized manner.
You are responsible for ensuring that the data you provide to us is correct and complete and for immediately notifying us of any changes to the information you have provided to us.
You will be able to access your information from the My Account section of the site.
We invite you to consult our Help Pages on how to protect your privacy to access your personal data.
You shall not use the Amazon Services: (i) in a manner that causes, or may cause, disruptions, damage, or malfunctions to the Amazon Services and its features, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or otherwise to commit any unlawful activity, or (iii) to cause annoyance, prejudice or apprehension.
We reserve the right to prevent you from accessing the Amazon Services or to terminate your account if your behavior constitutes reasonable grounds for doing so.
This will happen, in particular, in case of violation of current legislation, applicable contractual provisions, our guidelines or our policies, all accessible on our site.
Notwithstanding such limitation or closure, you may continue to have access to the content and services purchased up to that point.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
You are permitted to post reviews, comments and other content, send e-cards and other communications, and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not unlawful (i.e. obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, or infringing of privacy). , intellectual property rights or is not otherwise offensive to Amazon and/or third parties or objectionable and does not or does not contain viruses, political propaganda, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass e-mail or any other form of spamming).
You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be another person or entity, or otherwise lie about the origin of a postcard or other content.
We reserve the right (but have no obligation to act in the absence of a complete Notification Form) to remove or edit such content.
If you believe that any content or sales advertisement published on the site or used as part of the Amazon Services contains a defamatory statement or that your intellectual property right has been violated by an article or information on the site or used as part of the Amazon Services, we invite you to complete and send us the Notification Form and we will promptly do so.
If you decide to post customer reviews, comments, customer questions or responses, or submit other content you create for display on the Site (which includes images, video or audio content, hereinafter collectively referred to as "Content"), you grant Amazon ( a) the non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, publish, make available, translate and modify such content anywhere in the world (including the right to sub-license to third parties) and (b) the right to use the name used by you in connection with such content.
Your moral copyright rights are reserved.
You will be able to delete your content from public view or, where this functionality is provided, change the settings so that your content is only viewed by people to whom you grant access.
You declare and guarantee that you have, personally or otherwise, the ownership or in any case the availability of all rights relating to the content of what you publish; that, as of the date the content or material is posted: (i) the content and material is accurate and relevant; and (ii) use of the content and materials you provide does not conflict with any applicable Amazon policies and guidelines and such use does not cause injury to any third party.
Except in cases where any liability is attributable to the failure to remove illicit content following the receipt of a notice, you undertake to hold Amazon harmless from all legal actions taken by third parties against Amazon, arising from or in any case connected with the content and materials from provided to you.
VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Amazon respects the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to possible infringement, please follow our Procedure for Reporting Intellectual Property Rights Infringement.
TERMINI SOFTWARE AMAZON
In addition to these Terms of Use, the software (including any updates/upgrades and related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time in connection with the Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software") is subject to the terms found in the Additional Terms for Amazon Software.
THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES
Entities other than Amazon operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this site.
We also provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and other businesses.
We are not responsible for monitoring or evaluating these commercial operators or entities or the content of their sites, nor do we offer any guarantees about their sales proposals.
Amazon cannot in any way be held responsible for the actions, products and content of any such parties or any third parties.
You will be able to notify us when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we may share transaction information with these parties.
We encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies and other terms of use.
THE ROLE OF AMAZON
Amazon allows third-party sellers to list their products on Amazon.it.
The detail pages of each product indicate whether the product is sold by third parties.
As the provider of the e-commerce site, Amazon facilitates transactions on the site, but is not a party to the contract for the sale of goods sold by these third-party sellers.
Amazon therefore remains extraneous to this contract, which exists exclusively between the buyer and the seller.
Amazon assumes no responsibility for the sales contract and its correct execution, and does not act in any way as an agent of the seller.
The seller is solely responsible for the sale of the products and for managing disputes with the buyer.
To make the buyer's shopping experience safer, Amazon offers its users an additional guarantee, called the A to Z guarantee.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
We will do our best to ensure that access to the Amazon Services is provided without interruptions and that transmissions are error-free.
However, due to the nature of the Internet, uninterrupted access and error-free transmission cannot be guaranteed.
In addition, your access to the Amazon Services may also occasionally be suspended or limited to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new activities or services.
We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of these suspensions and limitations.
Amazon will not be liable for (i) losses which are not a result of our breach of these terms and conditions or (ii) for any loss of business opportunity (including lost profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or unnecessary expenses incurred) or (iii) any other indirect or consequential loss that was not reasonably foreseeable, either by you or by us, at the time you began using the Amazon Services.
We will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with the obligations under these general conditions if the delay or failure arises from fortuitous circumstances or causes of force majeure.
This provision does not affect your rights deriving from the law and in particular your right to receive the purchased goods within a reasonable time or to be refunded in the event of non-delivery due to circumstances deriving from unforeseeable circumstances or causes of force majeure.
The laws in force in some states may prohibit the limitations of liability indicated above.
In the event that these provisions are applicable, the limitations of liability now indicated will not have effect and you may be granted additional rights.
None of the provisions contained herein limit or exclude our liability in the event of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or caused by willful misconduct or gross negligence.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These General Conditions of Use are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (except for its conflict of law provisions) and the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts of Use is expressly excluded. international trading of goods.
If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the European Union, you may benefit from the additional protections provided by the mandatory rules of your country of residence.
You agree, and we in turn agree, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the District Courts of Luxembourg City.
As a consumer you will thus be able to take action before the District Courts of Luxembourg City or of the Member State of the European Union in which you are resident or domiciled to bring a dispute in relation to these General Conditions of Use.
The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution, which you can access via this link: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. If you would like to bring a matter to our attention, please let us know using the Contact Us function.
EXPORT CONTROLS
You agree not to export, re-export, or transfer any products (including software or other digital products) you purchase on the Site to any country, individual, company, organization, or entity to which such export is restricted or prohibited by law.
For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, the U.S. Departments of State, Treasury, or Commerce, and other government authorities (such as embargoes imposed on specific countries, or economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering crimes) may prohibit you from taking products, even for personal use, to other countries, and/or from sending products (either physically by post or digitally via email or through sharing of files) to certain individuals, companies, organizations or entities.
Furthermore, you agree not to purchase any products or services from the site if you yourself are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions).
MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE OR CHANGES IN THE CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to modify the Amazon Services, policies, these General Conditions of Use and the Terms of Service at any time to offer new products or services or to comply with laws and regulations.
You will be subject to the policies and terms of the General Terms and Conditions of Use in effect from time to time when you use the Amazon Services.
If any provision of these conditions is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such condition shall not in any case affect the validity and effectiveness of the other provisions.
WAIVER
In the event of failure by you to comply with these General Conditions of Use, our failure to exercise the right to take action against you does not represent our waiver of taking action for the violation of the obligations assumed by you.
MINORS
We do not sell products to minors.
We sell children's products that can only be purchased by adults.
If you are under 18, you may only use the Amazon Services with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
OUR CONTACTS
This site is owned and operated by Amazon Europe Core SARL.
General conditions of use relating to other Amazon Services, such as the Amazon MP3 Service provided by Amazon Media EU SARL, can be consulted on this site.
Amazon Europe Core SARL:
Amazon Europe Core SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; Share capital: EUR 154,560 Registration number in Luxembourg: B-180022 Business license number: 10040783 VAT number: LU 26375245.
Further contacts:
Amazon EU SARL, Succursale Italiana
Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch, Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, 20124 Milan, Italy; Milan Company Register – Milan Office REA n. 2059602; Tax code and VAT number IT08973230967.
Amazon Services Europe SARL:
Amazon Services Europe SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; Share capital: 37,551 EUR; Registration number in Luxembourg: B-93815; Business License Number: 132595; VAT number: LU 19647148
Amazon Media EU SARL
Amazon Media EU SARL, 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Lussemburgo.
Share capital: EUR 50,000 Luxembourg registration number: 112767 Business license number: 136312 VAT number: LU 20944528.
NOTIFICATION FORM AND PROCEDURE FOR REPORTING INFRINGEMENTS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated and you meet the requirements for the Brand Registry, we invite you to register for the service and send the report through the Brand Registry.
Otherwise, please submit your report via our Notification Form.
This form can be used to report alleged infringement of all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to reports regarding copyright, trademark, design and patent rights.
Once we receive a report we will be able to take various actions.
For example, we may remove information from an article or article, and terminate an account in the event of repeated violations where the conditions are met.
All these actions are taken without implying admission of liability and without prejudice to any of our rights, remedies or defenses, which we expressly reserve the right to exercise.
This includes sending the report to the parties involved in the preparation of the content deemed illicit.
You agree to hold Amazon harmless from all third-party claims against Amazon arising out of or in connection with your submission of a report.
Note on the product sheets of Third Party Sellers: We inform you that the product sheets of Third Party Sellers are only stored on Amazon.it and are published exclusively according to the indications of the Third Party Sellers who can be contacted from the "Seller Information" page, accessible from each product sheet .
ASIN and ISBN-10, Definitions: "ASIN" means the Amazon Standard Item Number (or Identification Number) and is a ten (10) character identifier.
It can be found under any description tab under "Product Details". "
ISBN-10" means the International Standard Book Number and is a thirteen-ten (10) digit numeric identifier that can be found in certain book listings under "Product Details."
Important Warning: Providing false, misleading, or inaccurate information in the Amazon Notification Form may give rise to civil and/or criminal liability.
If you have any questions, please consult an attorney.
20.
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR AMAZON SOFTWARE
Use of Amazon Software.
You may use the Amazon Software only for the purpose of using the Amazon Services as permitted by the General Terms of Use, these Additional Terms for the Amazon Software, and the Terms of Service.
You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into your programs or compile portions thereof in conjunction with your programs, transfer the Amazon Software for use in connection with another service, or sell, rent, lease, distribute, or grant sublicense, or otherwise assign any rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part.
You may not use the Amazon Software for any unlawful purpose.
We may discontinue providing the Amazon Software and may revoke your right to use the Amazon Software at any time.
Your right to use the Amazon Software will automatically terminate, without notice from us, if you fail to comply with any provisions of these Amazon Software Additional Terms, the General Terms of Use, or the Terms of Service.
The Amazon Software may be subject to additional third-party terms and conditions contained in or distributed with certain Amazon Software (or software incorporated into the Amazon Software) set forth in the relevant documentation.
These provisions will prevail in the event of conflict with the General Conditions of Use.
The software used in the Amazon Services is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Use of Third Party Services.
When you use the Amazon Software, you may also use services provided by third parties, such as wireless service providers or mobile phone platform providers.
Use of services provided by third parties may be subject to their policies, terms of use and fees.
Prohibition of "reverse engineering".
You may not copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or otherwise alter the Amazon Software in whole or in part or create derivative works of or from the Amazon Software, or encourage, assist, or assist others to do so. such activities.
Updates.
In order to keep the Amazon Software current, we may provide automatic or manual updates at any time without notice.
Please read these terms carefully before using the Amazon Services.
By using the Amazon Services, you accept these terms in full.
II.
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
These general conditions of sale govern the sale of products and, where applicable, services through the site when Amazon EU Sarl operates as a seller ("General Conditions of Sale").
The sale of products by third party sellers will be governed by the terms and conditions of sale applicable from time to time.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services and may sometimes be subject to additional terms and conditions.
If you use any Amazon Service (for example: Your Profile, Gift Cards, Amazon mobile applications or Communications Center), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and general conditions applicable to that particular service ("Terms of Service").
In the event of a conflict between these General Conditions of Sale and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service will prevail.
We invite you to read these General Conditions of Sale carefully before proceeding with any purchase.
By making any purchase you fully accept these General Conditions of Sale.
OUR CONTRACT
The presentation of products and services on the site or through Amazon applications for mobile devices constitutes an invitation to offer.
If you wish to buy one or more products, you can select them one at a time, adding them to your cart.
Once you have selected all the items you intend to purchase, you can close your cart and place the order.
At this point you will see a summary page of the products you have selected, their price and delivery options (with related costs).
You will be asked to choose your preferred delivery, transportation and payment method.
At the top of the same page, you will find the "Buy now" button, which you must click to send us the order.
Your order will therefore be considered as your contractual purchase proposal addressed to Amazon for the products listed, each considered individually.
Upon receipt of your order, we will automatically send you a message accepting the order ("Order Receipt").
If you use some Amazon Services (such as Amazon applications for mobile devices) the Order Receipt may be published in the Communications Center accessible from the site.
Receipt of the Order does not constitute acceptance of your purchase proposal.
By sending the Order Receipt, in fact, we only confirm that we have received the order and have subjected it to a data verification process and availability of the products requested by you.
The sales contract with Amazon EU Sarl will only be concluded when we send you a separate e-mail or publish a message in the Communications Center on the acceptance site of your purchase proposal which will also contain information relating to the shipping of the product and the expected delivery date ("Shipping Confirmation").
If your order is processed through multiple shipments, you may receive separate Shipping Confirmations.
You will only be charged when the items included in your order are shipped or five days after payment authorization, whichever comes first.
For more information on payment authorization, see the Payment Authorizations help page.
You may cancel your order before receiving the Shipping Confirmation, provided that the order has not been prepared for the shipping process.
In this case you will not be charged any costs.
However, the right of withdrawal is without prejudice to the terms and conditions set out in the following art. 2.
The right of withdrawal does not apply to some categories of products including, without limitation, digital products or software not supplied on a material support (as in the case of CDs or DVDs) once the download has begun or use.
You agree to receive invoices electronically.
These documents will be available in PDF format within the My Account section.
The issuing of the electronic invoice relating to an order will be communicated to you in the Shipping Confirmation.
For more information on electronic invoices and how to obtain the document, consult the help pages Print the purchase receipt or invoice and Information on electronic invoicing effective from 2019.
All orders placed on the site must correspond to normal consumption needs.
This requirement applies both in relation to the number of products purchased with a single order and in the case of a plurality of orders relating to the same product even if each order includes a quantity of products corresponding to normal consumption needs.
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL, EXCEPTIONS AND AMAZON RETURN POLICIES
Subject to the exceptions set out below, you have the right to withdraw from the order placed, without having to give any reason, within 14 days from the day on which you received the ordered product (or the last product, batch or piece in the case of goods , lots or multiple pieces delivered separately) or from the conclusion of the contract (including but not limited to contracts for the supply of digital content not supplied on a tangible medium, such as a CD or DVD).
If you have appointed a person you trust with the collection, your right of withdrawal starts from the day the product is delivered to the person designated by you, other than the courier.
You must notify Amazon EU Sarl, 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg, of your exercise of the right of withdrawal (i) by following the instructions available in the Returns Center, (ii) by using the Contact Us function or (iii) by using this form.
If you use the Returns Center, we will send you a message confirming receipt.
To be able to exercise the right of withdrawal, it is necessary that the relevant communication is sent before the expiry of the 14 day period and that the product is returned to Amazon using the instructions available in the Returns Centre.
For more information on the right of withdrawal and operating instructions, contact our Customer Service via the Contact Us function.
EFFECTS OF THE EXERCISE OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
We will refund all payments received in relation to the product for which you exercised the right of withdrawal, including shipping costs relating to the cheapest shipping method offered by Amazon, within 14 days from the day on which we received the communication relating to the exercise of the right of withdrawal.
We will refund the same payment method you used to place the order, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise.
In any case, you will not incur any costs as a result of such reimbursement.
We may withhold the refund until we receive the product or until you provide proof that you have returned it to Amazon, whichever comes first.
Please note that you are required to return the products to us by following the instructions available in our Returns Center within 14 days from the day on which you communicated your withdrawal.
You will have to bear the direct costs of returning the products.
You may be held liable for any decrease in the value of the goods resulting from handling of the goods (other than that necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods).
EXCEPTIONS TO THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
The right of withdrawal does not apply in case of:
- supply of sealed goods which are not suitable for return for hygienic or health protection reasons and which have been opened after delivery or in the case of supply of products which, after delivery, are inseparably mixed with other goods;
- supply of sealed audio or video recordings or sealed computer software which have been opened after delivery;
- supply of goods made to measure or clearly personalized;
- supply of goods that risk deteriorating or expiring rapidly;
- service contracts after the complete provision of the service by Amazon, if you have expressly consented to the performance of the service by us by accepting the loss of the right of withdrawal following the full execution of the contract;
- supply of digital content (including applications, software, ebooks, MP3s, etc.) using a non-material medium (for example a CD or DVD) if when placing the order you have expressly consented to the start of execution accepting the loss of the right of withdrawal as a result of the start of execution;
- supply of newspapers, periodicals and magazines with the exception of subscription contracts for the supply of such publications;
- supply of alcoholic beverages, the price of which has been agreed upon at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract, the delivery of which can only take place after thirty days and the actual value of which depends on market fluctuations which cannot be controlled by Amazon.
AMAZON RETURN POLICIES
In addition to your rights deriving from the law, the products sold by Amazon EU Sarl can be returned to Amazon EU Sarl within 30 days of delivery, without prejudice to the exceptions to the right of withdrawal, provided they are intact and in the same condition in which they were delivered to you. delivered.
Further information can be found on our returns policies page.
Products must be returned using the instructions available in our Returns Center.
In these cases we will only refund the price paid for the purchase.
However, we will not reimburse you for shipping costs incurred to receive the item you are returning (except in cases of returns of clothing, shoes and bags).
The risks deriving from transport and return costs will be your sole responsibility.
Specific return policies apply for the return of products in the fashion category (shoes, clothing, bags, jewelery and watches), for more information visit our Free returns for fashion products page.
These provisions are additional and do not affect your rights deriving from the law, nor the right of withdrawal within 14 days described above.
Details on returns and operational examples are available on the Our returns policies page.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY
All prices include VAT applicable by law.
Information on the availability of the products we sell is listed on the site, as well as on the presentation page of each product.
Other than the information provided on this page or elsewhere on the site, we are unable to give more precise information regarding product availability.
Please consider that the estimated shipping and delivery times of the products are purely indicative and cannot be relied upon completely.
Once we receive your order, we will notify you via email or by posting a notice in the Site's Communications Center if any of the products you ordered are unavailable.
Despite our best efforts, we cannot exclude that for a small part of the millions of products in our catalog a price different from the actual one is indicated by mistake.
In any case, we will check the correctness of the prices of the products during the order verification process and subsequent shipment of the products.
If, due to misunderstandings or other inconveniences, the price indicated on the site is lower than the correct selling price of a product, we may contact you to verify whether you still wish to purchase the product at the correct price or we may not accept your order.
If the correct price of a product is lower than that indicated on the site, we will charge you only the lower correct price and will still ship the product to you.
CUSTOMS
If the goods ordered from Amazon are delivered outside of Italy you may be subject to import duties and taxes, payable once the package reaches the specified destination.
Any additional customs clearance costs will be your responsibility.
We have no control over these costs and cannot predict their amount.
Customs policies vary considerably from country to country and you should therefore contact your local customs office for further information.
Please also note that when you place orders on the site, you are considered to be an importer and are therefore required to comply with all legislation and regulations of the country in which you will receive the goods.
Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how your order information is used and shared.
We would like our international customers and customers shipping products abroad to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to product opening and inspection by customs authorities.
For further information we invite you to read the information contained in the Customs information page.
ORDER WITH 1-CLICK
Order with 1-Click is the fastest and easiest way to order products and services in complete safety.
If you use Amazon Services through a public computer or shared device, we strongly recommend that you disable 1 Click when you are away from your computer.
WARRANTIES ON PRODUCTS SOLD BY AMAZON AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
The warranty regime on products sold by Amazon differs depending on whether the buyer is a "consumer" or a "professional" within the meaning of Directive 1999/44/EC concerning "certain aspects of sales contracts and guarantees concerning consumer goods ".
If you purchase as a "consumer", you benefit from the legal guarantee of conformity to which the seller is required by law on each good sold ("Legal Guarantee").
The Legal Guarantee - to which Amazon is bound as a seller - guarantees the goods against defects in conformity with the sales contract.
Pursuant to the law, in the event of applicability of the Legal Guarantee, you will have the right to have the conformity of the goods restored without charge through repair or replacement, or, if this is not possible, to a reduction in the purchase price or termination of the contract.
Amazon is therefore liable for defects of conformity if they appear within two years from the date of delivery of the goods.
However, you will have the burden of reporting the lack of conformity within two months of its discovery.
You can find more information on the rules of exercise and operation of the Legal Guarantee, with example cases, by visiting our Legal Guarantee section or by contacting our Customer Service via the Contact Us function.
In the event that you discover a lack of conformity on goods purchased from Amazon during the validity period of the Legal Guarantee, please contact Customer Service via the Contact Us function.
To the extent permitted by law, Amazon declines all responsibility in the event that the delivered product does not comply with the legislation of the delivery country other than Italy.
Amazon will not be responsible for any delay in delivery of purchased goods due to insufficient stock at the publisher or supplier.
Furthermore, we will not be responsible in the event of non-substantial differences between the goods purchased and their illustrative images and text descriptions published on our site.
Except in the case of willful misconduct or gross negligence, we are solely responsible for any direct and foreseeable damage at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract.
We will therefore not be responsible for any losses suffered, lost profits or any other damage that is not an immediate and direct consequence of our failure to perform or that was not foreseeable at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract.
Amazon is in no way responsible for the fulfillment of the obligations of third parties who may offer commercial guarantees in relation to the products for sale on the site.
Amazon authorizes third-party sellers to display and sell their products via the Amazon.it website.
On each page of products displayed for sale on the Amazon.it website, it is indicated when the product is sold by third-party sellers and not by Amazon.
As the provider of the e-commerce site, Amazon facilitates transactions on the site, but is not a party to the contract for the sale of goods sold by these third-party sellers.
Amazon therefore remains extraneous to the transaction, which occurs exclusively between the buyer and the seller.
Amazon assumes no responsibility for the sales contract and its correct execution, and does not represent the seller in any way.
The seller is solely responsible for the sale of the products and must directly deal with any complaints or problems inherent or relating to the contract between the buyer and the seller, including taking on legal guarantee obligations.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These General Conditions of Sale are governed by and must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (except for its conflict of law provisions) and the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts of Sale and Purchase is expressly excluded. international goods.
You agree, and we also agree, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the District Courts of Luxembourg City.
As a consumer you will thus be able to take action before the District Courts of Luxembourg City or of the Member State of the European Union in which you are resident or domiciled to promote a dispute in relation to these General Conditions of Sale.
If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the European Union, you may benefit from the additional protections provided by the mandatory rules of your country of residence.
CHANGES TO THE GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
We reserve the right to modify the site, policies and these General Conditions of Sale at any time to offer new products or services, or to comply with legal or regulatory provisions.
You will be subject to the policies and terms of the General Conditions of Sale in force from time to time at the time you order products from us, unless any changes to such policies and terms are required by applicable law or the competent authorities (in which case , they will also apply to orders you have placed previously).
If any provision of these conditions is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such condition shall not in any case affect the validity and effectiveness of the other provisions.
WAIVER
In the event of failure by you to comply with these General Conditions of Sale, our failure to exercise the right to act against you does not represent our waiver of action for the violation of commitments undertaken by you.
MINORS
We do not sell products to minors.
We sell children's products that can only be purchased by adults.
If you are under 18, you may only use Amazon.it with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
OUR CONTACTS
Our contacts:
Amazon EU, Limited Liability Company, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
Share capital: EUR 125,000; Registration number in Luxembourg: B 101818; Business License Number: 134248; VAT number: LU 20260743.
Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch, Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, 20124 Milan, Italy;
Milan Company Register - Milan Office REA n. 2059602; Tax code and VAT number IT08973230967.
