https://www.booking.com/content/terms.it.html?aid=356980&label=gog235jc-1BCBQoggJCBXRlcm1zSDNYA2hxiAEBmAEJuAEHyAEP2AEB6AEBiAIBqAIDuAKf0rCABsACAdICJDg0NTJlNGY2LTlhYTMtNDZkYS05OTg1LWVmMTA5NjczNzI0MdgCBeACAQ&sid=fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61&tmpl=docs%2Fterms-and-conditions&lang=it&soz=1&lang_click=other;cdl=en-gb;lang_changed=1
2021-01-23 14:50:23
Terms and conditions of the trip
Contents
Code of good practices
Terms and conditions - Introduction
Terms and conditions:
Definitions
Purpose and nature of our Service
Prices, We reimburse differences in prices, Genius program and offers from a partner company
Privacy e cookie
Free service for customers, only Travel Suppliers pay
Credit card or bank transfer
Prepayment, Cancellation, No-Show and “Need to Know” Information
(Correspondence and further communications)
Ranking, Favorite Structures Program, stars and guest reviews
Disclaimer
Intellectual property rights
Applicable law, jurisdiction of origin and dispute resolution
Information about Booking.com and supporting companies
Code of good practices
Our mission is to empower everyone to explore the world by providing access to the world's best places to stay and amazing places and attractions to visit, in the easiest way possible.
To achieve this objective, we will apply the following good practices:
You are important to us: this is why we offer you our Platform and customer support in more than 40 languages
We let you explore the world: 1.5 million properties, from luxury (luxury) to whatever meets your needs for your next stay in a hotel, motel, hostel, B&B, etc., anywhere in the world
We provide you with attractions and other Travel Suppliers and let you discover them
We can facilitate the payment of any ticket (including entry), purchase or rental of any Travel product or service using our payment service
We are at your disposal (every day, 24 hours a day): our customer support helps you 24-7-365-40+
We take your needs into consideration: our Platform is the product that YOU (user) prefer and consider most convenient when using our service
We listen to you: we show uncensored reviews (from customers who actually stayed)
We promise you an informative and user-friendly website, which guarantees the best prices available.
We refund price differences
Terms and conditions - Introduction
The following terms and conditions - and subsequent amendments made - apply to all our services made available online, directly or indirectly (through distributors), via any mobile device, by email or by telephone.
By accessing our website (including from mobile devices), visiting it, using it and/or using any of the applications available through any platform (hereinafter referred to as the "Platform"), and/or making a reservation, you declare that you have read, understood and accepted the terms and conditions set out below (including the Privacy Policy).
These pages, their content, their structure and the online booking service (including the payment facilitation service) provided by us on them and through this website are owned, operated and offered by Booking.com B.V. and are provided for exclusive personal use with non-commercial purposes (B2C), governed by the terms and conditions described below.
The relationships we have with Travel Suppliers are governed by different terms and conditions, which govern the business (B2B) relationship we have with each of these Travel Suppliers.
Each Travel Supplier acts professionally towards Booking.com in making its product and/or service available on or through Booking.com (whether for a business-to-business (“B2B”) relationship and/or for a business-to-business relationship. customer (“B2C”)).
The Travel Suppliers may have, declare applicable and/or require (the consent of), in addition to the conditions and clauses indicated on the website, their own terms and conditions and rules (of delivery / shipping / transport / use) for the use, access and implementation of the Trip, which may include specific disclaimers and limitations of liability.
Definitions
The words “Booking.com”, “we” and “our” refer to Booking.com B.V., a limited liability company governed by the laws of the Netherlands and having its registered office at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
"Platform" means the website, mobile site and app on which the Travel Service is made available, is under the ownership and control of Booking.com and is managed, maintained and/or hosted by it.
“Trip” means the Trip Provider's various travel products and services, which may be ordered, acquired, purchased, purchased, paid for, rented, provided, booked, combined and consumed by you.
"Trip Supplier" means the accommodation provider (e.g.
hotel, motel, apartment, bed & breakfast, landlord), attractions (e.g.
(theme) parks, museums, sightseeing tours), the transport service provider (e.g.
car rental, cruises, train travel, air flights, bus tours, transfers), tour operators, travel insurance, and any other product or service related or similar to the topic of travel available for Travel Booking on the Platform (B2B or B2C ).
“Travel Service” means the online purchase, order, (facilitated) payment or booking service, as offered or enabled by Booking.com with respect to various products and services made available by Travel Suppliers on the Platform.
“Trip Booking” means ordering, purchasing, paying for or booking a Trip.
1.
Purpose and nature of our Service
Through the Platform, we (Booking.com B.V. and its affiliated (distribution) partners) provide an online platform that enables Travel Suppliers, in their professional standards of conduct (e.g.
B2C or B2B), to advertise, market, sell, promote and/or offer (where applicable) its products and services for ordering, purchasing, booking and rental, and for visitors to the Platform to discover, search , compare and make an order, reservation, purchase or payment (e.g.
the Travel Service).
Through your use or use of the Travel Service (e.g.
by making a Trip Booking through the Travel Service), you will establish a direct contractual relationship (binding in legal terms) with the Travel Supplier with whom you made the booking of the product or service (where applicable).
From the moment of the aforementioned Trip Booking, we will act exclusively as intermediaries between you and the Trip Provider, transmitting the details of the Trip Booking to the relevant Trip Provider(s) and sending a confirmation email to you for and on behalf of of the Travel Supplier.
Booking.com does not (re)sell, rent or offer any (travel) products or services.
In providing our Travel Service, we disclose data provided to us by Travel Suppliers.
All Trip Suppliers who market and promote their Trip on the Platform are therefore given access to our systems and extranet, for which they are fully responsible for the updating of fares/costs/prices, availability, rules and conditions, and other information displayed on our Platform.
Although we provide our Travel Service with diligence and attention, we are not able to verify and guarantee the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the information, nor can we be held responsible for any errors (including manifest and typographical errors), interruption of the service (whether due to a fault, even temporary and/or partial, to the repair, upgrade or maintenance of the Platform or otherwise), inaccurate, misleading or false information or its non-delivery.
Each Travel Supplier is responsible at all times for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the information (including descriptive), including rates/costs/prices, rules and conditions, and availability, displayed on our Platform.
Our Platform does not have the purpose, and should not be seen from this perspective, of recommending or supporting any Travel Supplier marketed on it, in terms of quality, level of service, type of structure, classification and category assignment through stars or in relation to the locations, facilities, vehicles, services and products (principal or secondary) made available, unless otherwise indicated.
Our Travel Service is available for personal, non-commercial use only.
Therefore, you may not resell, deep-link, use, copy, monitor (for example using spider, scrape), display, download or reproduce any content or information, software, reservations, tickets, products or services available on our Platform for any type of activity with a commercial or competitive purpose.
2.
Prices, We reimburse differences in prices, Genius program and offers from a partner company
The rates offered by Travel Suppliers indicated on our Platform are highly competitive.
All fares for your trip are inclusive of VAT and all other taxes (subject to currency changes of such taxes) and penalties, unless otherwise indicated on our Platform or on your confirmation email or ticket.
Ticket cost is per person or group and subject to validity or expiration as indicated on the ticket, if applicable.
The Trip Supplier may decide to charge taxes and penalties (including tourist/tourist tax) in the event of a no-show or cancellation.
Sometimes on our Platform you will be able to find cheaper rates for a specific stay, service or product.
However, the aforementioned rates, proposed by the Travel Suppliers, may entail restrictions and special conditions, for example regarding cancellation or refund.
Before making your reservation, carefully check the presence of these conditions in the details regarding the product, service or reservation.
We want to offer you the product or service of your choice at the lowest possible rate.
If, once you have booked through the Platform, you find the product or service you have chosen on the Internet under the same travel conditions and at a lower rate, we will match the difference between our rate and the lower one, according to the terms and conditions. applicable when We refund price differences.
Our commitment to refund price differences does not apply to products and services that are not accommodation-related.
The currency converter is for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as an accurate, real-time operating indicator; rates may vary.
Obvious errors are not binding, including printing errors.
All special offers and promotions are indicated as such.
If they are not mentioned as such, no rights can be claimed in the event of obvious mistakes or errors.
Program Genius
The Genius rate is a discounted rate offered by participating establishments for certain types of rooms/accommodations.
The Genius rate is reserved for members of the Booking.com Genius program.
Anyone who has an account on the Platform can sign up for the Genius program.
Becoming a member requires no membership fee and the only condition is to complete two (2) stays within two (2) years.
Genius membership and fees are for a single member and are non-transferable.
Your membership may also be associated with specific campaigns or incentives that are launched or communicated from time to time in Booking.com's sole discretion.
The Genius program currently offers two (2) membership levels based on the number of bookings made through the Booking.com platform, each with different levels of discount on selected properties and/or options (10% and 15% respectively).
Membership levels may vary and are subject to change, at Booking.com's sole discretion.
Booking.com reserves the right to revoke and cancel any member's Genius membership in the event of abuse, such as violation of these terms and conditions and/or use of invalid credit cards.
Booking.com also reserves the right to revoke and cancel the Genius membership of any member who demonstrates inappropriate behavior: for example, violent, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, obscene or defrauding behavior towards Booking.com (or its employees and agents) and/or the structure (or its employees and agents).
The Genius rate cannot be combined or used with other discounts (except where approved by the property or otherwise indicated).
Booking.com may, in its sole discretion, alter, limit or modify (partially) the structure or any other features of the Genius program (including, without limitation, the status of your Genius levels) for any reason, without notice.
Your Genius membership is associated with your Booking.com account and will not expire or be canceled unless you cancel, terminate, delete or revoke your account.
Booking.com also reserves the right to delete your registration or disable an inactive account without notice.
An "inactive account" means an account that has not made any reservations for more than five (5) years.
If your account is disabled, you will no longer be able to benefit from Genius benefits.
You can reactivate your account by making a valid reservation with your Booking.com account.
Offered by Partner Site
Booking.com may show offers that do not come from Travel Suppliers, but from a Booking.com partner company, such as another platform ("Partner Site Offers").
The Offers from Partner Sites are clearly shown and are distinguished from those proposed by Travel Suppliers.
They also provide the following special conditions, unless otherwise indicated on our Platform:
Price: same conditions shown on our Platform.
Prepayment: You will pay securely with Booking.com when you book.
No changes: once booked, it is not possible to change personal data or those relating to the booking.
You can request changes directly to the property, but there is no guarantee that they will be accepted.
Other non-cumulative offers: promotions, incentives or rewards cannot be applied to the booking.
No reviews: you will not be able to leave a review on our Platform.
3.
Privacy e cookie
Booking.com respects your privacy.
Please see our privacy and cookie policies for more information.
4.
Free service for customers, only Travel Suppliers pay
Unless otherwise indicated, our service is free for customers because, unlike many other sites, we will not charge any costs for the Travel Service offered, nor will we apply additional costs (not even related to the booking) to the rate.
You will pay the Trip Supplier the amount due as indicated in the Trip Booking (plus, where not included in the price, applicable taxes, duties and additional costs (if any)).
Travel Suppliers pay a commission, which is a small percentage of the product price (for example, the accommodation rate) to Booking.com after the guest has used the Travel Supplier's product or service (for example after who stayed at the property and paid the amount due to it).
Travel Suppliers can improve their ranking by increasing the commission (Visibility Booster).
The use of the Visibility Booster (increasing the commission in exchange for a better position in the ranking) is at the discretion of each Travel Supplier and can be decided from time to time or based on the product offered.
The ranking algorithm will take the increase in commission into consideration when establishing the Default Ranking.
Preferred Partners pay a higher commission in exchange for a better ranking position.
Only Travel Suppliers who have a commercial relationship with Booking.com (via a contract) will be available on the Platform (for B2B and/or B2C promotion of their product).
Booking.com is not an open platform (like Amazon or eBay) where the end user can make his product available (it is not a C2C platform); Booking.com does not allow non-professional parties to offer or sell their product on or through Booking.com.
5.
Credit card or bank transfer
Some Travel Suppliers may provide and make available the possibility of offering Trip Reservations to be paid in full or in part (as provided for by the Travel Supplier's payment conditions) to the Travel Supplier itself during the Trip Booking process, via a secure online payment (to the extent this feature is offered and supported by your bank).
For some products and services, Booking.com manages (through third parties) the payment for the particular product or service (i.e. the payment management service) for and on behalf of the Travel Supplier (Booking.com does not act or operate under any circumstances as an official seller).
Payment is securely debited from your credit/debit card or bank account, and credited to the Trip Supplier's bank account, via third-party processing.
Any payment handled for and on behalf of the Travel Supplier and subsequently transferred to the Travel Supplier will in any case constitute a payment by you of (or part of) the cost of the booking, relating to a particular product or service, with a value of final payment ("bevrijdende betaling") of the price due (in whole or in part) and cannot be claimed by you in any way.
For some rates (including non-refundable) or special offers, advance payment may be required by bank transfer (if provided as a payment method by the Travel Supplier) or credit card.
If a credit card is used, it may be pre-authorized or charged (sometimes without the possibility of reimbursement) when booking the trip.
Before booking your trip, carefully check the presence of these conditions in the details regarding the product or service you have chosen.
Booking.com is not responsible for any charges (authorised, unauthorized or presumed to be such or incorrect) by the Trip Supplier and you will not be able to request a refund of the amount correctly debited to your credit card by the Trip Supplier (including : pre-paid rates, no-shows or cancellations with penalty).
In the event of fraud or unauthorized use of your credit card by a third party, most banks and credit card companies assume the risk and cover all charges resulting from such fraud or unauthorized use.
However, this may result in your card being charged an amount usually corresponding to 50 EUR, or the equivalent in your currency.
In the event that your credit card company or bank charges you such amount due to unauthorized transactions resulting from a booking made on our Platform, we will refund you such amount, up to an amount equal to EUR 50 (or to the equivalent in your local currency).
In order to be able to make compensation, please ensure that you report the fraud to your credit card provider (in accordance with their policies and procedures) and contact us immediately.
In the email you will need to provide proof of the excess charged (subject to the conditions of the credit card issuer).
This compensation applies exclusively to reservations made using Booking.com's secure server and only after verifying that the unauthorized use of your credit card results from a default or negligent act on our part and not from your incorrect use of the secure server.
6.
Prepayment, Cancellation, No-Show and “Need to Know” Information
By making a booking with a Travel Provider, you accept and agree to that Travel Provider's respective cancellation and no-show policies and any additional policies or conditions of the Travel Provider applicable to your booking or during your stay (including the section “To know” of the Travel Supplier, present on our Platform, and the related rules of the Travel Supplier's structure), including the services and/or products offered by the Travel Supplier (the rules and conditions of delivery/purchase/use /transportation of a Travel Supplier are obtained directly from the Travel Supplier itself).
The general cancellation and no-show rules of each Travel Supplier are mentioned on the Platform in the information pages relating to the Travel Supplier, during the booking process and on the confirmation or ticket email.
For some rates, costs or special offers, cancellations, refunds or changes are not permitted.
In the event of a no-show or cancellation, the Trip Provider may still charge the tourist tax (if applicable).
Before making your booking, carefully check the presence of these conditions in the details regarding the product or service you have chosen.
If the Trip Reservation requires an advance payment or a full or partial prepayment, it may be canceled (without prior notification of default or warning) in the event that the remaining amount cannot be collected in full on the appointed date, as required by the Travel Supplier's payment conditions and booking specifications.
The cancellation and prepayment conditions may change depending on the sector, product or service for each Trip.
Read carefully the “What you need to know” section (which you can find under the various types of Trips available and at the bottom of the page dedicated to the Trip Supplier on our Platform) and the important information in your booking confirmation, given that particular additional conditions may be applied by the Trip Supplier (for example relating to age requirements, security deposit, extra supplements or cancellation policies for groups, extra beds, rates without free breakfast included, pets and credit cards accepted).
A late payment, incorrect bank account or credit/debit card details, invalid credit/debit card details or insufficient funds will place your booking at risk and may result in a refund of any prepayment being refused (especially if not refundable) unless the Travel Supplier agrees to refund or allows other solutions provided by its prepayment and cancellation conditions.
If you wish to check, modify or cancel your Trip Reservation, access your confirmation email and follow the instructions contained therein.
The Trip Provider may charge a cancellation fee in accordance with the property's cancellation, prepayment and no-show rules, and you may not be entitled to compensation for any sums already paid (in advance).
Before making your reservation, we recommend that you carefully read the rules relating to cancellation, advance payment and no-show provided by the property, and that you remember to make subsequent payments on time, as required by the specific reservation.
If you arrive late or late on the day of check-in or plan to arrive the following day, be sure to inform (promptly/in good time) the Trip Supplier, who will then know when to welcome you, in order to avoid cancellations of your Trip (Booking ) or no-show charges.
If necessary, our customer service department can help you inform the Trip Supplier.
Booking.com does not accept any obligation or responsibility for the consequences of your late arrival or for cancellations or no-show charges from the Trip Provider.
7. (
Correspondence and further communications)
By making a Trip Reservation you agree to receive (i) an email shortly before your arrival date, containing information about your destination and various suggestions and offers (including from third parties, if you have expressly provided consent) relating to your Trip (Booking) and to your destination, (ii) an email after arrival to rate your experience with the Trip Provider and the Travel Service and (iii) an email after your stay, with the invitation to express your opinion on the structure.
Read our privacy and cookie policies for more information on other ways we may contact you.
Booking.com is not responsible for any communications by or with the Trip Provider that occur on or through its Platform.
It is not possible to advance rights linked to requests or communications directed to the Travel Supplier, or linked to any form of notification of receipt of requests or communications.
Booking.com cannot guarantee that any request or communication will be received, read, acted upon, executed or accepted by the Trip Supplier in a precise and timely manner.
In order to complete and complete your Trip Booking successfully, you must provide a valid email address.
We are not responsible for non-existent or incorrect email addresses, telephone numbers (landline or mobile) or credit card numbers, nor do we have any obligation to verify their existence or accuracy.
Any complaints or requests for compensation against Booking.com or relating to the Travel Service must be submitted as soon as possible, and in any case within 30 days after the date on which the use of the product or service would be completed (e.g. the check-out date of a stay).
Complaints and requests received after the said 30-day period may be rejected, and the applicant will have to renounce any right to compensation (of damages or costs).
Due to constant rate and availability updates, we strongly recommend taking screenshots during the booking process, which you can use as supporting documentation if necessary.
For consumers in the European Economic Area: If you have any complaints, we recommend that you first contact our Customer Service.
If the issue is not resolved, you can send your complaint via the European Commission's platform for online dispute resolution, which you can find at this address: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
8.
Ranking, Favorite Structures Program, stars and guest reviews
Our goal is to show you search results that are relevant to you by providing you with a customized default ranking for Travel Suppliers on our Platform.
You can scroll through this default ranking, use filters and sort results according to alternative rankings and, therefore, have the ability to influence the presentation of search results so that you receive a ranking based on other criteria.
We use multiple algorithms to generate predefined ranking results, resulting in a constantly evolving process.
Booking.com has identified the following parameters to be most closely related to your search for a suitable Travel Supplier and, in light of this, prioritizes these parameters in the algorithms (core parameters): Your search history personal, "click through" rate from the search page to the hotel page ("CTR"), number of reservations related to the number of visits on the Travel Supplier's page on the Platform ("Conversion"), gross reservations (with inclusion of cancellations) and net (excluding cancellations) of a Travel Supplier.
Conversion and CTR can be influenced by various factors (even if not connected to each other), including review scores (in aggregate form or in individual components), availability, conditions, rates (and their competitiveness), quality of the contents and certain characteristics of the Travel Supplier.
The percentage of commission paid by the Trip Supplier or other benefits to Booking.com (e.g.,
through commercial arrangements concluded with the Travel Supplier or with the help of strategic partners) may have an impact on the default ranking, as well as the history of regular payments by the Travel Supplier.
The Travel Supplier itself can influence its ranking by participating in certain programs - which may be updated from time to time - such as the Genius program, offers, the Preferred Partner Program and the Visibility Booster (the latter two provide that the Travel Supplier you pay a higher commission).
The stars shown on Booking.com for accommodations are not determined by Booking.com, but by the accommodations themselves or by independent third parties, who provide an (objective) rating.
The offers are shown based on the number of stars (from lowest to highest or vice versa), which the suppliers themselves communicate to Booking.com.
According to local regulations, they are assigned by independent third parties (for example an official organization, even independent) or are based on the opinion of accommodation providers, regardless of any objective criteria.
Booking.com imposes no formal star rating requirements and does not review the stars that have been assigned.
Overall, the stars reflect how the property meets legal requirements (if applicable) or, in the absence of regulations, how it meets industry standards in terms of price and available services.
These standards and requirements may vary from country to country and from organization to organization.
To make it easier for customers to find the right property based on their travel preferences, Booking.com may assign some properties a quality rating, which is determined by Booking.com and displayed as yellow squares.
To ensure comparability, the quality assessment is based on many (over 400) characteristics, which have been divided into 5 main categories: (i) amenities/services offered by the property on Booking.com, (ii) configuration of the property, such as unit size, number of rooms and occupancy, (iii) number and quality of photos uploaded by the property, (iv) average guest review score, as well as detailed scores, for example on cleanliness, as they have proven to be particularly useful for customers in assigning the quality of certain properties, and (v) history of anonymous and aggregate data on reservations (for example, to evaluate the star rating of booked properties).
We use these multiple characteristics to derive statistical patterns.
Based on these factors, a machine learning-based analysis is conducted, resulting in a quality rating (1 to 5, shown as 1-5 yellow squares next to the property name) automatically calculated and assigned to the property .
Only customers who have actually stayed at the Accommodation Facility will be invited to leave a review of their stay at the relevant facility on Booking.com and to indicate a score regarding some aspects of the stay, or they may receive an invitation to leave a rating during the stay .
The guest's opinion (including that requested during the stay), once completed, may be (a) uploaded to the Travel Supplier's page on our Platform for the purpose of providing (future) customers with your point of view regarding the (level of) service and quality of the Trip Provider, and (b) wholly or partially used and placed by Booking.com, in its sole discretion (e.g.
for reasons related to marketing, for promotional purposes or to improve the service), on the Platform or on social network platforms, on newsletters, in case of special promotions, on applications or on other channels owned by Booking.com and hosted by it , used or controlled.
In order to offer and maintain recent (and therefore relevant) reviews, reviews can be submitted within a limited period (3 months) following the stay and each review will only be available for a limited period (36 months) from its appearance online.
The default ranking of reviews depends on the date on which the review was left and is related to other additional criteria (such as language, reviews with comments), but the rating of a customer who has [always] written exhaustive and detailed reviews (also called "Travel Reporter") can appear at the top of the list of reviews.
You will have the possibility to choose between rankings and various types of filters (e.g.
type of guest, date, language, score).
Booking.com allows the Trip Provider to respond to reviews.
We reserve the right to modify, refuse or remove reviews at our sole discretion if they violate our reviews conditions.
The guest rating form shall be considered a survey and will not include any (additional) offer, invitation or incentive of any nature, including commercial.
Booking.com undertakes to monitor and remove, as far as possible, reviews that include obscenities and any references to names of people or lost objects.
Booking.com will not accept reviews that include:
Vulgarity, sexually explicit expressions, incitement to hatred and violence, discriminatory content, threats
References to specific people, personal attacks on staff
Promotion of illegal activities (e.g.
drugs and prostitution)
Sites, emails and addresses, telephone numbers, credit card information
Political comments
Booking.com and the Trip Supplier are both entitled to terminate the relationship for any reason (including breach of contract or bankruptcy) subject to a period of notice as agreed between the parties.
9.
Disclaimer
Without prejudice to the limitations and clarifications indicated in the hypotheses provided for by these terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we will be held liable only for direct and immediate damages actually suffered, paid or incurred, due to a failure to comply with the our obligations in respect of the services we should have performed.
Compensation may reach up to the total amount of the cost of your booking, as established in the Trip Booking confirmation email (either for a single circumstance or for a series of connected circumstances).
However, and to the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any of our operators, managers, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, affiliated (distribution) partners, licensees, agents or persons involved in the production, sponsorship , in the promotion or dissemination of the site and its contents, we will be liable for (i) punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of production, profit, revenue or contract, injury or damage to good name and reputation, loss of rights, (ii) the inadequacy of the information (including descriptive) of the Travel Supplier (concerning rates, availability and classification), made available on our Platform, (iii) the services provided or products offered by the Trip Supplier or other business partners, (iv) damages (direct, indirect, consequential or punitive), losses or costs suffered, paid or incurred as a result of inability to use or delay of our Platform, but resulting from or related to the use, or (v) physical injury, death, property damage or other damages (whether direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive), losses or costs suffered, paid or to which has occurred, (legal) actions, errors, violations, (serious) negligence, intentional mismanagement, omissions, negligence, misrepresentation, civil or strict liability for a wrongful act attributable partially or totally to the Trip Supplier or one of our others business partners or their employees, directors, managers, agents, representatives, contractors or affiliated companies, whose products or services are directly or indirectly made available, offered or advertised on or through the Platform, including cancellations (including partial), overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.
Booking.com is not responsible (and denies all liability) for the use, validity, quality, compatibility, suitability and disclosure of the Trip, or for any representations, warranties and conditions of any kind with respect thereto ( whether implied, statutory, or otherwise), including no implied warranties, for a specific purpose, of merchantability, title, non-infringement, or fitness.
You represent and agree that the relevant Trip Provider is solely responsible for and assumes all liability relating to the Trip (including all warranties and representations made by the Trip Provider).
Booking.com is not a (re)seller of the Trip.
Complaints or claims regarding the Trip (including regarding the price offered (special/promotion), conditions or specific requests from Customers) must be handled by the Trip Provider.
Booking.com is not responsible (and denies all liability) for such complaints, claims and obligations (including on the product).
Whether the Trip Supplier charges (or has already charged) the cost of the Trip, or whether the payment of the amount or any additional costs (Trip) is handled by us, in both cases you agree and declare that you are aware that it is always the Trip Supplier's responsibility to collect, withhold, send and pay to the competent authorities the applicable taxes, calculated based on the total price of the trip or any additional costs.
Booking.com cannot be held responsible (and cannot be held liable) for the collection, withholding, sending or payment to the competent authorities of taxes applicable to the cost of the Trip or any additional costs.
Booking.com does not act or operate under any circumstances as an official seller of any product or service made available on the Platform.
By uploading photos/images to our system (for example, as an attachment to a review) you certify, warrant and represent that you own the copyright in the photos/images, and you agree that Booking.com may use the photos/images on its site ( including mobile) and on apps, in promotional material and publications both online and offline, in the ways that Booking.com deems appropriate.
You grant Booking.com, on a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, unconditional and perpetual basis, the right and license to use, reproduce, display, have reproduced, distribute, sub-license, communicate and make available the photos/images in the manner that Booking.com deems appropriate.
The person uploading the photos/images assumes full legal and moral responsibility for any claims made by third parties (including, but not limited to, accommodation owners) following the publication and use of the photos/images by part of Booking.com.
Booking.com does not own or endorse the photos/images uploaded.
The truthfulness, validity and right to use all photos/images are guaranteed by the person uploading the photos/images, and are not the responsibility of Booking.com.
Booking.com rejects any responsibility arising from the photos/images published.
The person uploading the photos/images guarantees that they do not contain viruses, trojans or infected files, nor pornographic, illegal, obscene, offensive, distasteful or inappropriate material, and that the photos/images do not infringe any intellectual property rights, copyright or third party privacy rights.
Photos/images that do not meet the criteria listed above will not be used and/or may be removed/deleted by Booking.com at any time and without notice.
10.
Intellectual property rights
Where not otherwise specified, the software required for our services or available on or used by our Platform and the intellectual property rights (including copyright) in the content, information and material on our Platform are owned by Booking.com B.V., its Travel Suppliers or suppliers.
Booking.com exclusively owns all right, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights in the look and feel and overall interface (including infrastructure) of the Platform through which the service is made available (including guest reviews and translated content).
No one is authorized to copy, derive, link to, publish, promote, integrate, use, combine, or in any other way use the contents (including translations and guest reviews) or our brand without our express written approval .
In the event that any person uses or combines (in part or whole) our content (including guest reviews and translations) or otherwise takes possession of any intellectual property rights in the Platform or any content (or translation) , it must assign, transfer and assign all such intellectual property rights to Booking.com.
Any use that does not comply with the law or any of the actions or conduct mentioned above constitutes a material infringement of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database protection rights).
11.
Applicable law, jurisdiction of origin and dispute resolution
These terms and conditions, as well as the provision of our services, will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Dutch law.
Notwithstanding what has been said regarding jurisdiction, a natural person who uses any of our services for a use that can be considered outside his professional activity (hereinafter also referred to as "consumer") may invoke the laws in force in the country in which of habitual residence (i.e. laws that apply in all cases, whether or not the person chooses to rely on the laws of their country of residence, and hereinafter referred to as "Mandatory Provisions").
Any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall be submitted exclusively to the competent courts in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Notwithstanding the jurisdiction clause above, a consumer may also bring a claim for the enforcement of the Mandatory Provisions relating to the specific case in a court of the country in which he is domiciled, while a claim against a consumer can only be brought before the judges of the country in which he is domiciled.
For consumers in the European Economic Area: in case of complaints, we recommend that you first contact our Customer Service.
If the issue is not resolved, you can send your complaint via the European Commission's online dispute resolution platform, located at this address: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
The original English text of these Terms and Conditions may have been translated into other languages.
The translated version is unofficial and for purely illustrative purposes, therefore it has no legal value.
In the event of disputes or inconsistencies or discrepancies between the English text and the translations into other languages ​​of these Terms and Conditions, the English text will prevail and will be the final version.
The English text is available on our Platform (by selecting the English language) or will be sent upon written request.
In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is invalid, becomes invalid, or becomes non-binding, you will continue to comply with all other provisions set out herein.
In this case we will replace the aforementioned clause with a clause that is valid and binding, which has an effect as similar as possible to the replaced one and which you undertake to accept in compliance with the contents and purposes of these Terms and Conditions.
12.
Information about Booking.com and supporting companies
The Travel Service is provided by Booking.com B.V., a private limited liability company governed by the laws of the Netherlands and having its registered office at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and registered with the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce under number registration number 31047344.
Our VAT number is NL805734958B01.
Booking.com is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by various groups of affiliated companies (the “Support Companies”), which perform an internal support function for the benefit of Booking.com.
Some designated companies provide limited customer support services (by telephone only).
The support companies do not own any Platform (and in no way control, operate, maintain, or host the Platform).
Such support companies are not authorized and have no legal authority to provide the Travel Service, to represent Booking.com or to enter into any contract on behalf of, for or on behalf of Booking.com.
Under no circumstances is a relationship (legal or contractual) created with the support companies.
Support companies do not act, nor are they authorized to act, as official representatives or service providers of Booking.com.
Booking.com does not recognize or consider domicile in any place, position or office in the world (including the offices of its support companies) other than its registered office in Amsterdam.
