These Terms and Conditions of Use were published on January 20, 2016 and apply to all new users of Under Armor's services as of the dates described below.
Other important notes about this policy:
For users resident in the EEA, additional terms and conditions will apply as set out in the Country Specific Information chapter.
We encourage EEA-based users who wish to submit an account deletion request, data removal request, or any other data-related request, to use one or more of the following resources.
to know more
Users in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand are encouraged to click here for language options and their respective country websites.
to know more
For Turkish users, our distributors in Turkey maintain a separate website: http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
to know more
For Japanese users, our distributors in Japan maintain a separate website: http://www.underarmour.co.jp.
to know more
Terms and conditions of use
Previous Under Armor Terms 2016 Download PDF
Effective date: May 20, 2018
Welcome to Under Armour.
We are passionate about creating innovative products and services to empower users around the world, and we are excited to have you join our team.
These Terms and Conditions of Use are the rules of the game: they are designed to create a community of users that respects the law.
By using Under Armour's products and services, you agree to comply with all of the terms described below.
Under Armour, Inc.
and Under Armor Europe B.V, as well as its affiliates and related companies, including UA Connected Fitness, LLC (collectively referred to herein as “Under Armour,” “we,” or “us”), offers a variety of products and services, including websites and Under Armour-branded fitness and wellness applications (“MapMyFitness,” etc.), wearables, devices and other hardware and content; our websites and e-commerce applications (“Under Armor Shopping”); and all current and future digital product and service offerings we make available, including products, services and content provided in collaboration with our partners (collectively, the “Services”).
THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 15.
THIS PROVISION AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH UNDER ARMOR, SO WE ADVISE YOU TO READ IT CAREFULLY.
YOUR CHOICE TO MAINTAIN AN ACCOUNT, ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU HAVE CREATED AN ACCOUNT) CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS INCORPORATED INTO THE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THE TERMS, THEN YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO USE OUR SERVICES.
Please be aware that by accessing or using our Services, Personal Data (as defined in our Privacy Policy and User Created Content (defined below), that you share with a party on the Services, may also be shared through Under Armor, in its entirety, and the related Services.
Please note that the summaries in the shaded boxes at the top of most sections are provided to help you understand the Terms.
In the event of a conflict between any summary and any section of the Conditions, the Conditions shall prevail.
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us through our Support Team.
1.
Use of the Services and your Account
1.1 Who can use the Under Armor Services
Under Armor welcomes users of all ages, but you must be at least 13 years old to use most of the Services, and at least 18 years old to use Under Armor Shopping.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use Under Armor Shopping (unless otherwise specified in the International Terms applicable to specific jurisdictions section).
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may use our other Services (excluding Under Armor Shopping) only with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian.
No individual under the age of majority may use the Services, provide Personal Data to Under Armour, or otherwise submit Personal Data through the Services (for example, name, address, telephone number, or email address).
1.2 Your Account
You may be required to create an Under Armor account to access the Services, and it is important that the information associated with such account is accurate and up-to-date (particularly your email address, in case you forget your password, an email address work is often the only way we can verify your identity and help you log in).
To access and use some Services, you may be required to register for an Under Armor account.
Your account may also provide you with automatic access and the means to use all new Services.
If you create an account for one of our Services, you must provide us with accurate and complete information necessary at the time of account creation and for the registration process, and keep it updated.
If the information you provide is inaccurate, some of our Services may not function properly and we will not be able to contact you for important communications.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all actions that occur while using such account and you must immediately notify our Support Team of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your account and password.
We will not be liable for any losses arising as a result of any unauthorized use of your username and password.
If you reside in the European Union: You have the right to delete your account by contacting our Support Team.
If you choose to permanently delete your account, the Non-Public Personal Data we have associated with your account will also be deleted.
1.3 Updates, modifications and restrictions to the Services
Our services are constantly evolving.
As we introduce new products, services and features, we need flexibility to make changes, impose restrictions, and sometimes suspend or terminate some Services.
We may also update our Services, which may malfunction if you do not install updates.
The Services are modified frequently, and the format and functionality may be changed without notice.
We may provide updates (including automatic updates) to certain Services, as and when we deem appropriate.
This may include updates, modifications, bug fixes, patch and other bug fixes, and/or new features (collectively, “Updates”).
If you have not installed all Updates, some parts of our Services may not function properly.
You acknowledge and agree that the Service may not function properly if you do not allow such Updates and do not expressly consent to Automatic Updates.
Furthermore, you agree that the Terms (and any further modifications thereof) will apply to all Updates to the Services.
We may modify, suspend or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part, including the availability of any products, features, databases or Content.
Furthermore, we have no obligation to provide Updates or to continue to provide, or enable, particular features and functionality of the Services.
We may also impose restrictions on certain Services or limit your access to the Services, in whole or in part, without notice or liability.
1.4 Monitoring and suspension of the Services
We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Services to anyone, and we may monitor, terminate or suspend your account or access to the Services at any time.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor any account and/or activity conducted through, or otherwise connected to, the Services (including the invitation of a user to join a community or group), as well as any use or access to the Personal Data and profiles of other users by users.
We may also deactivate, terminate or suspend your account or access to certain Services at any time: (1) if, in our sole discretion, we determine that you violate or have violated these Terms or the essence thereof (as evidenced in the our Community Guidelines), (2) if, in our sole discretion, we determine that you have created a risk or possible legal liability for Under Armour, the general public, any third party, or any user of our Services, (3) in response to requests from law enforcement or other government agencies, (4) in the event of any discontinuance or material change to the Services, or (5) due to unexpected technical problems.
We will attempt to notify you via email or as soon as you attempt to access your account after such deactivation, termination or suspension.
1.5 Security
Please notify us immediately if you believe your account has been hacked or compromised.
The safety of our users is very important to us.
While we strive to protect the security of your Personal Data, User-Generated Content, and your account, we cannot guarantee that an unauthorized third party will not be able to defeat our security measures.
Please immediately notify our Support Team of any actual or suspected breach, access, or unauthorized use of your account.
2.
Ownership and use of Content
2.1 Definitions
Content represents the materials that are displayed on your screen when you use our Services.
User-Generated Content refers to any type of content created by you or other users, and UA Content refers to all other Content.
For purposes of these Terms, (i) “Content” refers to any form of information, data, creative expression, including, but not limited to, all video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, tools, texts, ideas, communications, replies, likes, comments, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, maps, routes, geographic data, workouts and their data, biometric data and data elements derived therefrom, workout programs, sleep, annotations, nutritional information, recipes, interactive features, designs, copyrights, trademarks trademarks, service marks, trademarks, logos and other similar elements, patents, sounds, applications and any other intellectual property contained therein, each of which may be created, provided or otherwise made accessible on or through our Services; (ii) “User Created Content” refers to any content that a user submits, transfers, or otherwise provides to or through the use of the Services, and (iii) “UA Content” refers to all Content not created by 'user.
2.2 Properties
You are the owner of the Content you create and at the same time we are the owner of the content created by us.
All UA Content and all copyrights, trademarks, design rights, patents and any other intellectual property rights (whether registered or not) contained in the Services belong to Under Armor and/or its partners or third parties.
Each user retains ownership, responsibility and/or other applicable rights for the User-Generated Content, but grants Under Armor a license to such Content, as explained in section 2.5.
Under Armor and/or its partners or third parties retain ownership, liability and/or other applicable rights in all UA Content.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms, nothing in this Terms is intended to grant you a right or license to use any UA Content, including any content owned or controlled by our partners or other third parties.
You will not duplicate, publish, display, distribute, modify, or create derivative works of material submitted through the Services unless expressly authorized in writing by Under Armour.
2.3 The license we grant to you
You are welcome to access and use the UA Content and Services.
We are committed to providing an optimal experience for our users, so please respect our intellectual property rights and only use the UA Content and Services as intended.
For example, you must not use our Services or UA Content for commercial purposes without our permission.
We have APIs and other tools that you can use to build your applications and products.
To find out more, Contact us.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant you a limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Services and the UA Content for your personal, non-commercial purposes, provided that you do not (and that do not allow any third party to do) any of the following activities: copy, modify, create a derivative work, reverse engineer, sell, assign, sublicense, assign a security interest in, transfer or otherwise commercially exploit any right included in the UA Content or the Services.
2.4 Acceptable Use Guidelines
2.4.1 UA Content.
Except as expressly permitted by applicable law and authorized by Under Armour, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Services, the Services software, or the UA Content offered as part of the Services ( content other than User-Created Content), in whole or in part.
You agree not to download, copy or save the UA Content, except (i) as expressly permitted by the functionality of certain Services (for example, printed maps) as required by specific guidelines and/or additional terms applicable to such Services, or (ii) solely for your personal use or records.
2.4.2 Commercial Use of the Services.
The Services, except for certain products and services provided through Under Armor brand websites and certain widgets that we make available as tools for website owners (collectively, the “Commercial Tools”), are intended solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
You may not use the Services (other than some Commercial Tools) to sell a product or service, increase visits to your website or a third party's website for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales, or engage in any action aimed at making a profit.
For example, you may not take the results of a search performed on the Services, reformat them and display them, or exactly copy our home pages or the pages containing the results onto your website.
Additionally, you are not permitted to perform “meta-searches” of our Services.
If you wish to make commercial use of the Services, other than through the Commercial Tools, you must enter into an agreement with us in advance.
For more information about Commercial Tools, visit our Developer Portal.
By using the Commercial Tools, you acknowledge and agree to these Terms and any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Services you select.
2.4.3 Creating links to the Services.
If you wish to link to our Services on your website or application, please follow these rules: (i) any type of link to the Services must be a text link clearly marked “Under Armour” (without using any other trademark, copyrightable logo, or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Under Armour) or in such other format as determined by Under Armour, (ii) the appearance, location, and other features of the link must not damage or weaken the good reputation of our brands; (iii) the link must “point” to the main domain name of the Services and not of other pages within them, (iv) the appearance, position and other characteristics of the link must not falsely give the impression that the your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with Under Armour, (v) if selected, the link must display the Services full screen and not within a “box” on the site or service on which the link was created link, and (vi) Under Armor reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion, and upon notification to us of such withdrawal of consent, you agree to immediately remove the relevant link.
2.5 The license you grant to us
When you post Content in connection with the Services, that content is your property, however, you authorize us to use that Content in connection with our Services and make it available to others.
We may edit or remove your Content from our Services at any time for any reason.
Do not publish content that is not yours or that you are not authorized to publish.
When you provide User Created Content to Under Armor through the Services, you grant Under Armor and our users a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide right and license to use, host , storage, caching, reproduction, publication, performance (public or otherwise), performance (public or otherwise), distribution, transmission, modification, adaptation ( including, but not limited to, adapting them to conform to the requirements of any network, device, service or media through which the Services are available), commercializing, creating derivative works and otherwise exploiting such Content created by the User in relation to the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that: (a) we have the right to arrange for the publication of User-Generated Content in any manner we wish; (b) Under Armor has no obligation to provide any credit when using your User-Generated Content, but if Under Armor chooses to provide such credit, the amount and accommodation of credit is at our sole discretion; and © you are not entitled to any compensation or other form of payment arising from the use of your User Created Content.
The rights you grant in this license are solely for the purpose of enabling Under Armor to operate and enable other users to use the Services based on their functionality, improve the Services, and develop new Services.
Without limiting the foregoing, we will not use your User-Generated Content in a manner inconsistent with the privacy settings you have established within our Services.
For information on how to manage your privacy settings for the Services, please see the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to monitor, remove, or edit User-Generated Content for any reason at any time, including User-Generated Content that we believe violates these Terms, the Community Guidelines, and/or our policies.
You agree to respect the intellectual property rights of others.
You represent and warrant that you have the rights necessary to grant the foregoing license to Under Armor for all User Created Content that you submit in connection with the Services, and you will indemnify us for any breach of such representation and warranty.
2.6 Spread the word
If you share someone else's personal information, you must first obtain their consent.
We hope you will enjoy using our Services and encourage you to share your enthusiasm with your friends.
If you choose to use the features in our Services to tell a friend about the Services, we will ask you to provide your friend's email address or social media profile, which we can use to contact them about the Services.
We may store information you provide to us for a period of time, but we will not make it public.
You represent and warrant that you are authorized to provide any third party contact information that you provide to us by reference and you will indemnify us for any breach of such representation and warranty.
2.7 Retention of Content
Please keep in mind that when you make material publicly available on the Internet, it becomes virtually impossible to delete all copies in the future.
After you terminate your account, or we remove your User-Generated Content from the Services, we may retain such Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Additionally, Under Armor and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, share, modify, create derivative works of, perform and distribute any portion of your User-Generated Content that is otherwise stored or shared via the Services .
Similarly, please note that the foregoing license with respect to your User-Generated Content continues to apply even if you stop using the Services.
If you make material public, other individuals may choose to comment on it, presenting your Content as part of a conversation on social networks.
For more information, please see our Privacy Policy
2.8 User-Generated Content and Eligibility to Participate in Certain Sports Organizations
What happens online can have real-world consequences.
Some sports organizations have rules regarding amateurism and eligibility that could potentially be implied if you post User-Generated Content on the Services, even if you believe it is non-commercial in nature.
You are responsible for determining whether posting such content within the Services would affect your eligibility to participate in any type of sport, in accordance with applicable rules of sports organizations.
2.9 Your feedback
We recognize the value of your feedback and can use your suggestions to make Under Armor and users around the world better.
Thank you, keep sending us your ideas!
If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you must submit them through our Idea Submission website and you authorize us to use such ideas without restriction or compensation to you.
By accepting your submission, Under Armor does not waive the right to use similar or relevant feedback that Under Armor previously knew about, developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
You must attest and represent that any information or feedback you submit through the Services does not constitute confidential or proprietary information.
3.
Community Guidelines
3.1 Interactive areas
Our Services often contain community features.
If you post content through these features, that content may become public.
We may, although not always, monitor our community features, and you are primarily responsible for your interactions with other users.
We therefore ask you to use common sense and act correctly.
Some of our Services may include reviews, discussion forums, conversation pages, blogs, or other interactive areas or social features that allow you and other users to post User-Generated Content and interact with each other (“Interactive Areas ”).
You will be responsible for how you use the Interactive Areas and for any User-Generated Content that you post, including responsibility for the transmission, accuracy and completeness of the User-Generated Content.
Because Interactive Areas are often public areas, you acknowledge that your User-Generated Content may be made and remain public.
We therefore advise you not to publish any Personal Data in the Interactive Area.
We have the right to, but are not obligated to, monitor our community features.
You will be held responsible for your interactions with other users, whether online or in person, including, but not limited to, responsibility for comments, challenges and friendly competitions.
We assume no obligation or liability for any loss or damage arising from your interactions with other users who use the Services, with individuals you know through the Services, or with individuals who contact you as a result of Content you post on the Services.
Under Armor is under no obligation to become involved in and excludes all liability relating to any disputes between its users, and you release Under Armor from any liability arising out of or relating to any such disputes.
3.2 Community Guidelines
Our Services are intended to provide a safe and supportive environment to help you achieve your fitness and wellness goals.
Users may not use our Services to post inappropriate material, to harass people, send spam, infringe intellectual property rights, or engage in inappropriate behavior.
Try to be reasonable and act responsibly.
Our Services are intended to create a safe and supportive community for all users.
To maintain a safe and positive environment, we require that you agree to and abide by certain rules (the “Community Guidelines”) when you post User-Generated Content and use the Services.
Our Community Guidelines are in many cases based on the principles of applicable law.
Violating the Community Guidelines may therefore expose you to lawsuits and civil liability.
By using the Services, you agree that your User-Generated Content and your use of the Services, including but not limited to the Interactive Areas, do not violate the Community Guidelines.
If you violate the Community Guidelines, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services.
No inappropriate content.
Do not post Content that may be stalking, threatening, offensive, harassing, abusive or embarrassing to other members of the community.
No offensive references to sex, gender, age, weight, size, disability, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation, or any endorsement of violence against individuals are permitted. or groups, even if expressed with humor.
This includes for example using stereotypes about a group or community of people.
Do not post Content that is defamatory, indecent, pornographic, offensive, hateful, inflammatory, or promotes sexually explicit material.
You may disagree with a message, post or topic, but please do not attack other users by mocking or insulting them.
If you are the one attacked by another user, and you respond to the provocation, you may suffer the same consequences.
Nessun hijacking, trolling o flame-baiting.
If you participate in our forums, stick to the topic of an existing post, and post posts in the appropriate forum.
Posting a post that is not related to the forum topic is considered "hijacking".
This includes publications that are provocative or intended to incite protests.
No promotion of risky weight loss techniques or eating disorders.
You may not use the Services to promote, enhance or achieve dangerously low nutritional levels.
Similarly, please do not contribute to the following Content, which may be removed without notice:
Content intended to promote risky or questionable weight loss products or procedures, including non-prescription dietary supplements or Multi-Level Marketing (MLM).
Profiles, groups, messages, publications or comments that encourage anorexia, bulimia or low-calorie diets.
This includes positive references to anorexia/bulimia, purgative substances or self-starvation.
The photographs aimed at enhancing extreme thinness.
Do not harm minors.
Do not use the Services in any way that could harm minors (or anyone else).
Disruption, exploitation, or abuse of resources.
You must not interfere with or damage the operation of the Services, including through unauthorized use, disruption, automated attacks, exploitation or abuse of our resources
Do not send spam or junk mail.
Don't send spam through posts, replies or messages.
No illegal content.
You must not advocate, promote or facilitate any fraudulent or illegal action (for example, violence, deception or computer misuse).
Do not request Personal Data.
Please do not post or solicit Personal Data about or from third parties, including data such as photographs, telephone numbers, postal addresses, last names, email addresses and passwords within the Interactive Areas.
Don't publish private conversations.
You must not make public private messages or messages contained in emails that you receive from other users, the moderator or the administrator.
No violation of legal obligations.
You must not post Content that constitutes a breach of contractual or legal obligations owed to any third party.
No misleading or fraudulent links.
You must not post misleading or fraudulent links.
This includes, for example, providing links with misleading descriptions, placing the “wrong source” in a posting, setting misleading external links on images, or embedding links on interstitial or pop-up ads.
No infringement of Intellectual Property.
You must respect the intellectual property of other individuals.
If you are not permitted to use third-party works protected by intellectual property rights, or similar works, (whether because of the license or legal exceptions and limitations such as fair use), do not publish them.
In particular, if you have reason to believe that any User-Generated Content you display on our Services constitutes a violation of your intellectual property rights or those of other individuals, please see the Intellectual Property/DMCA section of the our Conditions.
Don't pretend to be Under Armor or anyone else.
Do not post Content that may mislead people, or be used to impersonate someone, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with anyone, including Under Armour.
Creating an account for the purpose of deceiving other users or circumventing suspension is not permitted and will constitute grounds for a permanent ban from using the Services.
No automatic queries.
Do not send automated queries of any kind to the systems and networks we use to provide the Services without receiving our written consent.
Various.
Do Not Post Content that contains anything that may be deemed, in Under Armour's sole discretion, objectionable or that would inhibit any other person from enjoying the Services, or that may constitute harm or liability of any kind to Under Armor or our users.
Do not post content that could damage or dilute the goodwill of Under Armor or our brands.
If we determine that you are violating the Community Guidelines, or have otherwise violated these Terms, we may take action to address the matter, including, without limitation, revoking your right to use the Services, removing your Content created by you, take legal action against you (in which case we may recover reasonable costs and attorneys' fees) or disclose the information to law enforcement authorities.
We reserve the right to enforce or not enforce these Community Guidelines at our sole discretion, and these Guidelines do not constitute a duty or contractual obligation that we are required to act in a particular way.
3.3 Reporting Questionable User-Created Content
People post inappropriate content on user-created content sites.
We do our best to keep the community a safe and secure environment (users adhering to our Community Guidelines helps), but you may come across content like this before we've had a chance to delete it.
If you notice any content that you find objectionable, please notify us.
While we require all of our users to comply with the Community Guidelines and reserve the right to monitor any violations, we cannot guarantee continued user compliance with the Community Guidelines or these Conditions.
If you believe that Content presented on our Services constitutes a violation of the Community Guidelines, or if you know or suspect that someone is abusing your User-Generated Content, please report it to the Support Team.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to review and take action on or remove any User Generated Content reported by you.
You acknowledge and acknowledge that when you access or otherwise use the Services, you may be exposed to User-Generated Content from various sources, and that we have no responsibility or liability for the accuracy, usefulness, security, legality, appropriateness or intellectual property rights of, or relating to, such User-Generated Content.
We are not responsible for any injury or damage resulting from User-Generated Content of an objectionable nature, or from other users' failure to comply with our Community Guidelines.
4.
Intellectual Property/DMCA
We respect intellectual property laws.
If you notice anything wrong, please email the details to ConnectedFitnessIP@ua.com
If you believe that any User-Generated Content, or UA Content, constitutes a violation of United States or United States copyright or trademark law, please notify us using the contact information in these Terms.
Our policy is to investigate any alleged infringement reported to us.
If you identify a possible violation, please provide us with the following:
Identification of the infringing material.
Information to identify the material that you claim to be infringing, including its location, in sufficient detail to enable us to locate it and verify its existence.
Contact information of the notifying party (the “Notifying Party”), including name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that the Notifying Party has a good faith belief that publication of the material is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement subject to the charge of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that the Notifying Party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the owner.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the material that has allegedly been infringed.
The user's communication must be signed (with physical or electronic signature) and must be sent to the following address:
Copyright Agent
c/o Under Armour, Inc.
1020 Hull Street
Baltimore, MD 21230
ConnectedFitnessIP@ua.com
You acknowledge that failure to comply with all of the requirements of this section may render your submission invalid.
Some information provided in the notification regarding an infringement may be forwarded to the user who posted the allegedly infringing content.
In the United States, under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, an individual who knowingly conceals that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
For more information about preparing or responding to a notice under the DMCA, see www.copyright.gov and/or www.uspto.gov/trademark for more information on trademark rights.
5.
Third party links and services
Our Services may link to, interact with, or be available on third-party services or products, such as on social media and third-party devices.
If you access a third-party service or product, you should be aware that different terms and privacy policies may apply to your use of those services.
5.1 Social networking e login
You may be enabled or access the Services through various third-party services, such as social media and social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Services”).
In order for you to take advantage of these features and functionality, we may ask you to authenticate, register, or log in to Social Networking Services on their respective providers' sites.
As part of this integration, the Social Networking Services will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided, and that information will be used, stored and disclosed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Please remember that the manner in which such Third Party Services (including Social Networking Services) use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such Third Party Services, and we have no obligation or liability for privacy practices or other actions of third-party services and websites that may be enabled within our Services.
Furthermore, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of the information, content, products, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with the Social Networking Services.
Therefore, we are not responsible for any damage or loss, real or alleged, arising out of or in connection with the use of, or reliance on, such Social Networking Services.
5.2 Third Party Applications
You may be able to access certain third-party links, applications, content, services, promotions, special offers or other events or activities (“Third-Party Applications”) through our Services.
If you choose to access such Third Party Applications, you may be required to log in and synchronize your account with such applications.
You are not obligated in any way to use the Third Party Applications, your access to and use of such applications is entirely at your own risk and we have no liability in respect thereof.
Furthermore, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability, or reliability of the information, content, products, data, opinions, advice, or statements made available by Third Party Applications.
Therefore, we are not responsible for any damage or loss, real or alleged, arising out of or in connection with the use of, or reliance on, such Third Party Applications.
5.3 Third Party Products
Our Services may also be accessed on third-party devices or other products (“Third-Party Products”), and the ability to use certain features of the Services may require the purchase of Third-Party Products (for example, fitness trackers ).
While we may recommend, promote, or market the products of some partners, we have no responsibility whatsoever regarding your purchase or use of Third Party Products, and we do not warrant that such Products will work in conjunction with the Services or be error-free.
We therefore exclude any liability with respect to Third Party Products, including Third Party Products offered by our partners.
5.4 Third Party Services, Activities and Events
Our Services may include the ability to discover, access or participate in certain services, activities or events (“Third Party Activities”).
By way of example, but not limited to, you may use the Under Armor We Will site to access information and register for third-party volunteer opportunities.
Third Party Activities are offered and provided by Third Parties, not by Under Armour.
Your presence and participation in Third Party Activities is solely at your risk.
Under Armor assumes no responsibility for the actions, errors or omissions of any Third Party, including, but not limited to, those arising out of or otherwise related to a user's presence, use of or participation in Third Party Activities. parties discovered, booked or registered through the Services, or by the performance or non-performance of any Third Party in connection with the Services.
Under Armor is not a representative of Third Party Activity providers.
6.
Mobile services
While we try to make our applications available on many platforms, we cannot guarantee that these applications will be compatible with your device (although you can notify Customer Support if you have any questions or problems; we want to help).
If you use our applications, your standard message and data rates will apply, as well as the rules of the app store from which you download such applications.
6.1 Device and wireless carrier considerations
To use or access our applications, you need a compatible device.
We cannot guarantee that the applications will be compatible with, or available for, your device.
We do not charge for the use of some basic applications; however, you may have to pay fees to use some premium applications and features.
Additionally, your telephone company's message and data rates and fees also apply.
6.2 Explicit consent for text and mobile messages
By downloading or using our applications, you expressly agree that we may communicate with you regarding transactions you have initiated on our Services, or respond to your communications that you have sent through the Services, by SMS, MMS, text message, or other type of electronic tool, directly on your device, and that certain information may be communicated to us regarding your use of the applications, automatically from the device.
We will not send you direct marketing messages without your express prior written consent and you can opt-out of receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
6.3 Mobile Application License
We grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use our applications downloaded directly from an Authorized Marketplace, in code format only, for your personal use for lawful purposes.
With respect to “open source” or third-party code that may be integrated into the applications, such code is subject to an “open source” or third-party EULA license, if applicable, which authorizes the use of such code.
6.4 App Store
If you download our applications from a third-party “app store” (the “Application Provider”), you acknowledge and agree that:
These Terms constitute an agreement with us and not with the Application Provider.
As agreed between Under Armor and the Application Provider, Under Armor is solely responsible for its own applications;
Application Provider has no obligation to provide maintenance and support services relating to Under Armor Applications;
In the event of any failure of the Under Armor Applications to conform to any applicable warranty, (i) you may notify the Application Provider who may refund the purchase price of the Applications (if any), (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, Application Provider will have no other obligation with respect to the Applications, and (iii) any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to your failure to conform to this warranty will be the responsibility of Under Armour, as agreed between Under Armor and the Application Provider;
The Application Provider is not obliged to deal with any complaints regarding the applications or your possession and use of the applications;
If any third party claims that an application constitutes an infringement of another party's intellectual property rights, Under Armor will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of such claim to the extent required by these Terms, as agreed between Under Armor and the Application Provider;
The Application Provider and its related companies are considered third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, as they are connected to your license for the Applications.
Upon acceptance of these Terms, Application Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms in connection with your license to the Applications, as a third party beneficiary thereof ; And
When using the applications, you must also comply with all applicable third party Terms of Service.
7.
Payment services
If you choose to sign up for one of our paid services, the following payment and billing terms apply.
Paid services and billing may automatically renew unless canceled.
You can delete them at any time.
7.1 Payment Terms
Some Services are offered with premium versions (the “Premium Services”) for a fee.
By signing up for and using the Premium Services, you signify your agreement to our Terms and any additional terms and conditions described herein.
You also agree to waive your 14-day right of withdrawal when you sign up for Premium Services to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, so that you will be able to access them immediately.
Premium Services provide you with access to certain products, services, features and enhanced functionality (for example, premium charts and analytics and the ability to browse ad-free).
By registering for and using the Premium Services, including registering for Free Trials of the Premium Services, you agree to pay any fees or charges incurred that apply to the Premium Services (such as subscription fees).
If you register for premium Services, you must provide information regarding your preferred payment method (“Payment Method”).
This information must be complete and accurate, and you will be responsible for keeping it up to date.
You authorize us to collect by automatic debit or ACH, from your Payment Method, the appropriate fees for the premium Services and for any other purchases you choose to make through the Services.
You may choose to pay for Premium Services on an annual or monthly basis.
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees due for Premium Services are due in advance, and will be automatically invoiced to your Payment Method at the beginning of each month or each year, as applicable.
Unless otherwise indicated, Premium Services will automatically renew until you decide to cancel your access to Premium Services.
All purchases of Premium Services are final and non-refundable, except at our discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Premium Service.
7.2 Termination and Cancellation of Premium Services
If you do not pay any fees or charges due for using the Premium Services, we may take reasonable steps to notify you and resolve the matter; however, we reserve the right to disable or terminate your access to the Premium Services (and may do so without notice).
You can cancel Premium Services at any time.
You can find more information about how to delete them here.
Once you have canceled your Premium Services and received confirmation, you will not be able to make any changes to your account.
Cancellation of a Premium Service will be effective at the end of your current billing cycle, and you will have the same level of access to Premium Services during the remainder of that billing cycle.
For example, if you are billed monthly and cancel during a given month, you will be charged for the entire month and may maintain access to the Premium Services until the end of that month.
There will be no refunds for termination or cancellation of your Premium Services.
If you no longer wish to subscribe to a premium Service, you will be responsible for canceling such Service in due course, regardless of whether or not you actively use such premium Service.
7.3 Tariff changes
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we may change our prices for Premium Services at any time.
We will give you reasonable notice of such price changes by posting the new prices on or through the Premium Services and/or by notifying you by email.
If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you can cancel the Premium Services before the change takes effect.
7.4 Codes for discounts, vouchers or freebies
If you have received a discount, voucher or gift code for a Premium Service, in addition to the terms and conditions of the specific code, the following terms and conditions apply.
To redeem a discount or voucher code, log in to the Premium Service and enter the code to benefit from the promotion.
All discount codes, freebies and coupons can only be used when you subscribe to the premium Services and in accounts that are not yet subscribed to the premium Services.
Discount, freebie and coupon codes cannot be combined with any other discount prices, sales, promotions or coupons, and cannot be exchanged, refunded, replaced or redeemed for cash or account payments.
To redeem a discount or coupon code, a payment method may be required.
You are required to use a discount, voucher or gift code before it expires, and expired codes cannot be refunded or their validity extended.
You are also required to terminate the Premium Service before the end of a free or discounted period if you do not wish to continue using the Premium Service at the regular price.
The terms and conditions of a specific discount code, voucher or gift may include additional limitations regarding use, including, but not limited to, the type of plan, the duration of the free or discounted Premium Service, the validity dates of the voucher, and/or the quantities purchased.
Under Armor reserves the right to cancel discount and coupon promotions at any time.
7.5 Prove gratuite
We sometimes offer free trials of our premium Services or other promotional offers (each referred to as a “Free Trial”).
A Free Trial provides you with access to premium Services for a set period of time, and details will be specified when you sign up for the offer.
In order to sign up for a Free Trial, you will need to provide us with your preferred Payment Method.
As soon as you submit your payment details, your Free Trial will begin.
You will not be charged until the Free Trial period ends.
Unless you cancel your subscription before the end of the Free Trial, or unless otherwise stated, your access to the Premium Service will automatically renew and you will be billed the applicable fees for such Premium Service using the Payment Method provided .
All charges incurred are final and non-refundable, except at our discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Premium Service.
We may send you a reminder when your Free Trial period is about to expire, but such notifications are not guaranteed.
You are responsible for knowing when the Free Trial expires if you decide that you do not want to pay for the premium Services after the Free Trial period has expired.
If you decide that you do not want to pay for premium Services, you must cancel your subscription before the Free Trial period expires.
Depending on the applicable Premium Service, you may no longer have access to the Premium Service once canceled or at the end of the Free Trial period.
Once you have canceled your Free Trial and received confirmation, you cannot reinstate your Trial Period even if you have not used it for the entire duration of the offer.
The features and content of the Premium Services may be changed at any time, and we cannot guarantee that any specific feature or content will be available throughout the Free Trial period.
The rates in effect when you sign up for the Free Trial will be the same when it expires, unless we notify you otherwise.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or terminate any Free Trial offer, your access to the Premium Services during the Free Trial, or these Terms without notice or obligation.
You may not sign up for more than one Free Trial of a given Premium Service at the same time, and we reserve the right to limit your ability to benefit from multiple Free Trials.
8.
Purchases and e-commerce
Additional e-commerce terms and conditions may apply to Under Armor Shopping.
You can find those terms and conditions below… We also want to provide you with information regarding our policies regarding refunds, exchanges, restocks, taxes, shipping and other policies that apply at the time of purchase.
If you have any questions regarding Under Armor Shopping, please contact our Support Team. Please review these policies before purchasing through Under Armor Shopping.
9.
Physical activities and dietary recommendations
The health of our users as they achieve their fitness goals is very important to us.
Be responsible and use your judgment and common sense.
We provide our Services for informational purposes only, and cannot be held responsible if you suffer injury or if anything goes wrong.
In particular, while most of the content posted by other users in our community is helpful, you should keep in mind that content comes from strangers and should never override your judgment or actual medical advice.
9.1 Safety first
Your safety is important to Under Armour.
You should always consult with your health care providers and consider the risks before using our Services in connection with any physical activity, fitness or wellness program, or any dietary program or guidance.
By using our Services, you agree, represent and warrant that you have received your physician's consent to participate in fitness and wellness programs, workouts, exercises and any physical activities made available in connection with the Services, and that you have consulted the your doctor before making any changes to your diet based on information available through the Services.
Everyone's conditions and abilities are different, and participating in activities promoted by our Services is at your own risk.
If you choose to participate in such activities, you do so by your own free choice and initiative, knowing and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such activities.
The activities promoted by the Services may pose risks even for those who are in good health.
You understand and agree that we will not, and will not be responsible for, performing physical examinations, supervision, preparations, performing or carrying out any activities relating to, or accessed by, or discovered through the Services (e.g., officially submitted challenges or created by the community; routes; friendly competitions or similar activities; any individual or group training activities; Third Party Activities, or other events and activities using our Services).
Maps, directions and other GPS or navigation data, including your location data, may be unavailable, inaccurate and incomplete.
We encourage you to put safety first, follow traffic regulations, do not change settings on your device while moving or in dangerous areas, and to always be vigilant and examine your surroundings when exercising.
You expressly agree that your physical activities, from which the User Created Content that you post or attempt to post on or through the Services may derive (e.g., running, walking, biking, hiking) and that certain Third Party Activities parties involve certain risks of property damage, injury or death, and that you voluntarily assume all risks known and not associated with such activities, even if caused, in whole or in part, by the action, failure to act, or negligence of Under Armour, or by the action, inaction or negligence of others.
Except as otherwise stated in these Terms, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible, whether directly or indirectly, for any injury or damage that results from your physical activities or your use of, or inability to use, the Services or the features of the Services, including Content or activities that you access or learn about through our Services (for example, a Third Party Activity such as a yoga class), even if caused, in whole or in part, by the action , the failure to act, or the negligent conduct of Under Armor or others.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree that we assume no liability whatsoever with respect to Third Party Activities or other activity relating to the running, competition, class, physical activity or event that uses or is promoted by, or to which you have access to through the Services.
9.2 Disclaimer regarding the accuracy and reliability of the Contents
We make no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Content made available through the Services, and we make no commitment to update such Content.
Furthermore, User-Generated Content, including advice, statements, or other information, including, but not limited to, information regarding foods, nutrition, dietary guidance, exercise or training guidance, athletic activities and exercise database records, are not created by Under Armor and should not be relied upon without independent verification.
For User-Generated Content, whether made public or privately transmitted, the user who created such User-Generated Content will assume sole responsibility.
All information is provided “as is” without representations, warranties or conditions of any kind as to its accuracy or reliability.
Not all users who can identify themselves as professional trainers or licensed dietitians are qualified to practice in all jurisdictions.
Under Armor has and assumes no obligation to verify that users who identify themselves as licensed trainers or dietitians are actually licensed.
If you consider yourself to be a licensed trainer or dietician, you represent and warrant that you are actually licensed to provide the services you offer in the jurisdiction in which you offer such services.
Users should also note that even if a user is a licensed coach in a jurisdiction, that does not mean that such user is licensed in the jurisdiction from which other users are accessing that user's advice.
Accordingly, if you rely on advice provided by other users, you do so at your own risk.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances will Under Armor be liable for any loss or damage arising from reliance on information or advice provided by any user of our Services.
9.3 No medical advice
We aim to provide general helpful information for our community, not medical advice.
The Services are not medical devices, and the data provided by them is not intended to be used for medical purposes or to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease, disorder, or injury.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree that we do not provide any medical advice through the Services.
All content provided through the Services, whether provided by us or by other users or third parties (even if some may claim to be a doctor!),
are not intended and should not replace (a) the advice of your doctor or other medical professional, (b) a visit, call or consultation with your doctor or other medical professional or © information contained on product packaging or labels.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible for any health issues that may arise from any exercise programs, dietary recommendations, advice, products or events you learn about through the Services.
If you have any questions about your health, please call or consult your doctor or other health care provider immediately.
In the event of an emergency, call your doctor or local emergency department immediately.
Your use of the Services does not constitute or create a doctor-patient, therapist-patient, or other healthcare provider relationship between Under Armor and you.
9.4 Non-typical success stories
Success stories posted by you or Under Armor on our Services may not represent typical or even accurate results achieved from a particular fitness activity or diet.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Under Armor has and assumes no obligation or liability associated with the accuracy, reliability, or effectiveness of any fitness activity or dietary recommendation set forth in any user's success stories.
9.5 Accuracy
The Services are intended to provide you with information to encourage you to support your fitness and wellness activities.
Some of the Services are aimed at tracking your movements and sleep (“Activity Tracking Services”).
These activity tracking Services rely on sensors and/or GPS capabilities that track your movement and rest.
The data and information provided by the Activity Tracking Services is intended to represent your activity, but may not be completely accurate, including with respect to steps, sleep, speed, distance, or calorie data.
By using the Activity Tracking Services, you acknowledge and agree that Under Armor is not responsible for any inaccuracies in such data.
If you are a resident of New Jersey or the Netherlands:
Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes Under Armour's liability for loss or damage arising from fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
10.
Changes to Terms and Product-Specific Terms
As Under Armor grows and improves, we may need to make changes to these Terms or include additional terms that are specific to certain products.
10.1 Updates to these Conditions
Under Armor reserves the right to modify these Terms by (i) posting the modified Terms on and/or through the Services, and/or (ii) notifying you in advance of material changes to the Terms, generally by email, to the extent possible , and otherwise through the Services (such as through a notification on the home page of Under Armor websites or our applications).
Unless required by law, changes are not retroactive.
We may sometimes ask you to review and accept or reject a modified version of these Terms.
In such cases, the changes will be effective from the moment you accept the modified version of the Conditions.
If you have not yet given your approval to the new Terms, you will not be permitted to use the Services.
Where we do not require you to expressly accept a modified version of the Terms, the modified version will be effective as of the date specified in the Terms.
If you choose to maintain an account or access or use the Services (regardless of whether you have created an account) after this date, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Terms, as modified.
If you do not accept the changes, you will not be permitted to use the Services and you must stop using them.
10.2 Product-specific conditions
We may also require you to agree to additional terms, rules, policies, guidelines or other terms (collectively, “Product Specific Terms” that are specific to certain Services (for example, Commercial Tools).
In such cases, you may be required to give your consent to such Product-Specific Terms.
For example, you may have to check a box or click a button marked “I accept.”
In the event that the Product Specific Conditions are different from the Conditions, the Product Specific Conditions will supplement, modify or replace the Conditions, but only with respect to the subject matter of the Product Specific Conditions.
11.
No guarantees
EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER ARMOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR SPECIFIC PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
THE SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITH ALL FAULTS.
Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we make no warranties regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, availability or reliability of the Services and Content.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that (i) the Services will meet your requirements or provide any specific results, (ii) the operation of the Services will be uninterrupted, free of viruses or bugs, or other harmful elements, or (iii) any errors will be corrected.
Any oral or written advice given by our representatives or us does not constitute, and will not create, any warranty.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we further make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the Content; in particular the Contents created by the User are provided by users and the exclusive responsibility falls on the users who provide such Contents.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from users or through the Services will create any warranty expressly made.
You therefore acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is at your own risk and that you assume the entire risk as to quality, performance, accuracy and proof.
12.
Limitation of Liability
We are building better Services for you, but we can't promise they will be perfect.
We are not responsible for anything that may go wrong as a result of your use of the Services.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event (including, but not limited to, negligence) will Under Armour, its affiliates, partners and carriers be liable to you or any third party for (a) any direct, indirect, special, fiduciary, exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind; (b) loss of profit, loss of revenue, data, reputation, or other intangible loss; © damages relating to your access, use, inability to access and use the Services; (d) harms relating to the conduct or content of third parties or users using the Services, including, but not limited to, defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct or content; and/or (e) harms otherwise related to Third Party Content, Third Party Products or Third Party Activities accessed through the Services.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this limitation applies to all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, whether Under Armor has been advised of the possibility of such damage, and furthermore if it is discovered that a remedy set forth herein fails in its intent.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Under Armour's total liability under any claims made under these Terms, including implied warranties, is limited to the greater of one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) or the amount you paid to use the Services during the past twelve months.
In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible for claims that arise from (a) your use of the Services (including, but not limited to, your participation in activities promoted or accessed through the Services), (b) the use, disclosure, display or maintenance of a user's Personal Data, © any other type of interaction with us or with users using the Services, even if we have been informed of the possibility of such damages, or (d) other Content, information, services and goods received through, or advertised on, the Services or received through links provided within the Services.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that we offer the Services and price the Services based on the warranty disclaimers, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in these Terms, which such warranty disclaimers, disclaimers and limitations of liability reflect reasonable and fair allocation of risk between us and you and that these disclaimers, disclaimers and limitations of liability form an essential basis of our agreement.
Without these disclaimers, disclaimers and limitations of liability, we will not be able to provide the Services to you on an economically reasonable basis.
If you are a resident of the state of California: You waive your rights under California Civil Code Section 1542, which states that “a general release does not extend to claims of which the creditor has no knowledge or does not suspect the existence in his favor at the time of execution of the release which, if he had been aware of it, could have materially affected his agreement with the debtor”.
If you are a New Jersey resident: Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes UA's liability for loss or damage arising from fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
13.
Compensation
If you reside in the United States or any country other than France or Germany: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Under Armor, its affiliates, suppliers and other partners harmless from any claims or claim, including attorneys' and accounting fees, made by a third party due to or arising out of (a) use of the User-Generated Content you access and share through the Services; (b) your use of the Services; © your physical activities related to the Services (including, but not limited to, physical activities related to contests, races, group activities, Third Party Activities or other events that we may sponsor, organize, participate in, or for which the Services are used); (d) your connection to the Services; (e) your violation of these Terms; (f) your use, or misuse, of your Personal Data; (g) any violation of the rights of any other person or body by you; or (h) your use of the Services to meet another user in person or to locate a location and attend an offline event.
We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under these Terms, and you agree to cooperate with us in the defense of any such claims.
If you reside in France or Germany: Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Under Armour, its affiliates, suppliers and other partners from any claim or demand, including attorneys' and accounting fees , made by a third party due to, or arising out of, (a) your use of the User-Generated Content you have access to through the Services; (b) your violation of these Terms, © your use, or use incorrect, of your Personal Data, (d) any violation of the rights of any other person or body by you, or (e) your use of the Services to meet another user in person or to locate a location and take part in a offline event.
We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under these Terms, and you agree to cooperate with us in the defense of any such claims.
If you are a New Jersey resident: Notwithstanding anything else herein, nothing in these Terms obligates you to indemnify us for claims arising from fraud, recklessness, gross negligence, or willful misconduct.
14.
Applicable law
If you reside in the United States or another non-European Union country: These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Maryland and United States federal law, as applicable, without regard to the provisions in matter of conflict of laws.
If you reside in the European Union: These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of the Netherlands, without regard to the application of its conflict of law provisions.
15.
Disputes and arbitration, jurisdiction and competent court
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you and Under Armor agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action.
Except where prohibited, we and you agree to submit any disputes relating to your general use of the Services to personal and exclusive arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
For more information about arbitration, visit www.adr.org.
Any arbitration between you and us, to the extent necessary, will be conducted in Baltimore, Maryland, and you waive any right to claim that such venue is an inadequate forum.
You agree not to sue us or submit a dispute to arbitration in any other forum.
The arbitration will be conducted in English.
An independent and impartial arbitrator will be appointed in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
You and we agree to abide by the following rules, which are intended to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce costs and burdens to individuals involved:
arbitration proceedings will be conducted by telephone, online, and/or will be based solely on written documents, and the specific methods will be chosen by the party initiating the proceedings;
the arbitration does not require the appearance of the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties;
any judgment on the arbitrator's award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Except in exceptional circumstances, the arbitrator will issue his decision within 120 days of the date on which he was appointed.
The arbitrator may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice.
All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential, and all records thereof will be permanently sealed, except as deemed necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award.
The arbitrator's award will be in writing and will include a statement describing the reasons for the final agreement.
Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that, with respect to any dispute with us arising out of or in connection with your choice to maintain an account, access or use the Services:
You waive your right to a trial by jury;
You waive your right to act as a representative, private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity, or to participate as a member of a plaintiffs' group, in any legal action involving such litigation; And
You must file a complaint within one (1) year after such complaint arose, or it will be barred.
If this arbitration provision is found to be null and void, then all disputes arising between us under these Terms shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Baltimore, Maryland, and you and we agree the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
This arbitration agreement shall not prevent you or Under Armor from seeking provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in support of arbitration, including, without limitation, orders to stay legal action, compel arbitration, or confirm an arbitration award .
Further, this Arbitration Agreement shall not prevent you or Under Armor from (i) seeking a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other summary or injunctive relief from the appropriate court of competent jurisdiction, as necessary, or (ii) in any state or federal court for litigation alleging an infringement or possible infringement of Under Armour's intellectual property rights.
In the event of any litigation or arbitration arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the Services provided, the prevailing party shall have the right to seek reimbursement from the other party of all reasonable costs incurred, including personnel time, court costs, attorneys' fees and any other expenses incurred in such litigation or arbitration.
If you are a resident of the European Union: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, if a dispute arises that you and Under Armor cannot resolve, you have the right to make a complaint via http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/ odr.
Other than as set out in these Conditions, we do not participate in any ADR schemes.
Furthermore, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring legal action against Under Armor in the local courts where you live.
All disputes arising under these Terms between you and Under Armor will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in your place of domicile or in the Courts located in the Netherlands, and you and we consent to personal jurisdiction and the forum of such courts.
If you are a resident of Finland: notwithstanding anything set out in these Terms, if a dispute arises that you and Under Armor are unable to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Consumer Disputes Committee or other relevant body.
If you are a resident of Denmark: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms, if a dispute arises that you and Under Armor are unable to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Danish Competition and Consumer Protection Authority (Konkurrence - og Forbrugerstyrelsen, Center for Klageløsning, Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, 2500 Valby; e-mail: cfk@kfst.dk)
If you are a resident of South Korea: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms, nothing in these Terms limits your rights to bring legal action against Under Armor in the local courts where you live.
16.
International terms
If you are not a United States resident and you access the Services from outside the United States, you agree to transfer certain information outside of your home country and to follow all applicable laws.
Our Services are provided to a global user community.
However, our servers and operations are primarily located in the United States, and our policies and procedures are based primarily on the laws of the United States.
For this reason, the following provisions apply specifically to users who reside outside the United States: (i) you give your consent to the transfer, storage and processing of your information, including, for without limitation, User-Generated Content and Personal Data, in the United States and/or other countries; (ii) if you use the Services in a country that is subject to a U.S. embargo, or that is on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of “Specially Designated Nationals” , you are not authorized to access or use the Services; and (iii) you agree to comply with all local laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, all laws, rules and regulations in the country in which you reside and in the country from who accesses the Services.
The Services are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any individual or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation, or which would subject Under Armor or its affiliates to any registration requirement. within that jurisdiction or country.
The names used for countries and regions in these Terms, the Privacy Policy and any other associated features or documentation are based on the United Nations Terminology Database.
If you reside in the European Union, Hong Kong, Russia, New Zealand or South Korea: Notwithstanding the provisions of these Terms, some jurisdictions may not allow the waiver or limitation of certain warranties, liabilities or damages under mandatory law, so some of the exclusions and limitations in these Terms may not apply to you.
Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability for (1) fraudulent misrepresentation made by us, (2) death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or (3) failure to perform material contractual obligations.
If you are a resident of New Zealand: Notwithstanding anything set out in these Terms, nothing in the Terms limits or excludes our liability or your rights (as a consumer) for the purposes of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 or the Fair Trading Act 1986.
If you are a resident of Germany, France, Austria or Finland: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms, the phrase “to the maximum extent permitted by law” and other phrases of similar effect shall be deemed to be deleted at any point in the Terms and shall have no effect. value and effectiveness.
If you are a resident of Japan: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms, nothing in the Terms limits or excludes our liability or your rights (as a consumer) for the purposes of the Consumer Contract Act.
If you are a resident of South Korea: Notwithstanding anything set forth in these Terms, any changes to these Terms will be announced on the Website prior to their effective date; unless you express your intention to reject such modification or change after a reasonable period of time following such announcement, you will be deemed to have given your consent to such modification or change.
17.
Survival
If our relationship or these Terms terminate, it will not limit any other rights or remedies available to you, and any provision of these Terms which must survive to ensure the full purpose and intent of these Terms will survive termination. , including, for information purposes only, Section 2 (Ownership and use of Contents), Section 9 (Physical activities and dietary recommendations), Section 11 (No guarantees), Section 12 (Limitations of liability), Section 13 (Indemnification), section 15 (Disputes and Arbitration, Jurisdiction and Venue) and section 17 (Survival).
18.
Miscellaneous and possible
You acknowledge that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between us in connection with the Terms or your use of the Services.
The Terms and Product Specific Terms constitute the agreement between you and us regarding your use of the Services.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and all other provisions of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect. effective.
You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent.
We have the right to transfer or assign, in our sole discretion, all or part of our rights under these Terms and we will have the right to delegate or use third parties to carry out our duties and obligations under these Terms and in relation to to the Services.
Our notice to you via email, postal mail, or notices and links displayed on the Services constitutes appropriate notice to you under these Terms.
We are not responsible for failure to receive notifications if our emails are quarantined by your security system (for example in the “junk” or “spam” folder), or if you do not update your email address.
Notifications will be deemed to have been received forty-eight hours after they are sent, if transmitted via e-mail or regular mail.
If notification is provided via a link displayed on the Services, it will be deemed to have been received twenty-four hours after it is first displayed.
19.
Contact us
If you have any feedback, questions, or comments about the Services, please contact our Support Team by email, by phone at 1-888-727-6687, or by regular mail at: Under Armour, 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, MD 21230 (USA), and include as the subject “Attn: Legal - Terms and Conditions of Use”.
Please be sure to include your full name, email address, postal mail address, and any messages in any e-mail or postal mail.
Appendice A: Under Armour Shopping
By shopping using Under Armor Shopping, you agree to these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions apply to all offers and agreements in connection with the online sale and delivery of Under Armor (“UA Apparel”) apparel, shoes and accessories, excluding digital products and services (e.g., premium subscriptions) , expressly outlined in Section 8 of the Conditions above.
Accordingly, the specific terms and conditions outlined below apply to orders of any UA Apparel items ordered (i) on underarmour.com or UA.com, or any other country extension; (ii) from all sites directly connected to UA.com; or (iii) from any Under Armor e-commerce or shopping application (collectively, “Under Armor Shopping”).
(a) Account Registration
An account is not required to shop through Under Armor Shopping.
However, to make online shopping faster and easier, you can register an account on one of our websites or applications.
If you create an account, please confirm your email address, as we will use the email address on file to contact you.
If you have an account, you will have the ability to track shipments, view previous orders, and with a username and password you can have quick access to shipping and billing information.
If you do not want to create an account, you can continue to make purchases on Under Armor Shopping as a “Guest”.
(b) Online Availability
When shopping, once you have selected the item you wish to purchase, you can see which colors/sizes are in stock by selecting the color (1.
Select the color), and then the size (2.
Select size).
If the size you want is not available for the selected color, it means it is not available.
Although Under Armor Shopping is designed to show stock levels in “real time” so that only in-stock items are visible and available for purchase, we may have stock shortages due to the growing popularity of a model, a particular color or size, and we cannot guarantee that the items in stock are actually available.
If the item you wish to purchase is not in stock at the moment, we apologize for the inconvenience and suggest you call our customer service line who can help you find a similar product.
© Find your model number
If you are looking for the model code of a product, you will find it inside the garment written on a small white label.
For example, it will say FW081100200 or on older models FW060375.
The first four letters refer to the season of the model (e.g.
FW06=Fall/Winter 2006) (although, depending on the region, the model number for some products may not include the first four characters) and the last seven (on new models), or four (on older models) refer to the model code.
You can search for this model number on our Services to find exactly what you are looking for.
If no results appear, that model may no longer be manufactured by Under Armour.
Please contact our customer support team for help finding a replacement product.
(d) Orders and Changes to Orders
If you place an order, we will send you a confirmation email to the address you provided.
If you are using your work email address, please be aware that many companies use “spam” email filters to prevent you from receiving automated emails, which may prevent delivery of our email to you. confirm, or send it to the junk mail box.
This “confirmation” phase sets out the final details of your order.
Subsequently, we will send you an order acceptance email detailing the products you ordered.
Please note that this email does not constitute an order confirmation or acceptance by Under Armour.
Acceptance of your order and the conclusion of the contract between us will occur when we dispatch the products you have ordered to you, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have canceled it.
Due to the short time frame between ordering and shipping, it is difficult to make changes once you have placed your order.
However, if you contact us within one hour of placing your order, we will try to facilitate the changes.
(e) Taxes
Sales taxes and other similar taxes, such as value added tax (“VAT”), are calculated using local and national rates depending on where you reside.
If VAT applies, it will be charged at the local rate and will be included in the price of the product.
(f) Payments
Under Armor reserves the right to update the list of payment methods accepted by Under Armor Shopping.
We may require credit and debit cards issued by an institution in the jurisdiction in which you reside, and such forms of payment must be linked to a billing address in the same jurisdiction.
For most jurisdictions, you must ensure that the billing address on file with your bank-issued credit or debit card is the same billing address you entered when ordering.
We do not accept personal checks, money orders, or online cash payments.
Because Under Armor does not charge for items before shipping, we use a pre-authorization process to reserve products for shipping.
To avoid unnecessary bank overdraft fees, banks often use a method called "pre-authorization" to verify that the credit/debit card used is valid and has sufficient funds.
Please note that the transaction description will appear on your statement as “UNDER ARMOR”.
Most authorizations expire within five to seven days; however, the issuing bank will determine the duration of the authorization.
The final charge to your credit or debit card will reflect only the value of the goods shipped plus applicable shipping taxes.
If you have any further questions, please contact our customer service team.
If you have any problems with payment, please contact our customer service team - a member of the team will be happy to assist you.
(g) Delivery and shipping
There are some places where we are not allowed to ship, and we do not ship to PO Boxes, so please confirm that we will be able to ship the products to you before placing an order.
The estimated delivery time and shipping costs for each order will be indicated in the order checkout.
Although we do our best to deliver goods within the estimated delivery times, delays occasionally occur.
Under Armor will not be liable for any delay or failure to ship goods within the estimated delivery time.
Under Armor reserves the right to require that an order for merchandise be signed by an adult over the age of 18 prior to or at the time of shipment.
Customers from one jurisdiction may not always be able to purchase from Under Armor Shopping in another jurisdiction.
Please visit our local website to see what goods are currently available for you.
Generally, you will receive an identification code by email as soon as your goods are dispatched.
You can also find your identification code by logging into your account and entering the Order Number found in your order confirmation email.
Please allow at least two working days from the time you place your order to use the identification tool.
If you have tracked your order on our website and received a message that your order is “in transit,” this means that your order has been processed for shipment, or your order identification information is not available. Been updated with the carrier yet.
Generally, four working days must pass before the carrier receives our information for identifying the shipment.
We try to send all items in one order, but we reserve the right to send your products in separate shipments if one or more items are not available at the time of initial shipment.
If we split your order into more than one shipment, you will not be charged for separate shipping.
Furthermore, each shipment will have its own confirmation/identification email.
If there are problems processing any part of your order, such problems will not constitute a basis for cancellation of any other items included in that order.
Any order delivered to you will become your property upon receipt, provided that Under Armor has received full payment for the order.
(h) Cancellations, exchanges and refunds
The cancellation, exchange and refund policies and procedures applicable to your order may vary depending on where you access Under Armor Shopping.
For more information regarding the policies applicable to a particular order, please review the policies listed within the Customer Service Terms and Additional E-Commerce Terms section of the website you used to place your order.
(i) Conflicts with these Terms; Applicable law
To the extent these Under Armor Shopping Terms conflict with the Under Armor Shopping Terms, these Under Armor Shopping Terms supersede and control with respect to your orders and use of Under Armor Shopping.
If these Under Armor Shopping Terms conflict with the terms of the website used to place your order, the Terms of that website will supersede and control with respect to your orders and use of Under Armor Shopping.
If you are a resident of South Korea: Under Armor's contracting party for Under Armor Shopping is Under Amour Korea, Ltd.
You must be at least 14 years of age to use Under Armor Shopping.
If you are between the ages of 14 and 18, you or your legal representative may cancel the applicable sales contract created under Under Amour Shopping if your legal representative has not provided consent to such sales contract.
If you are a resident of Turkey: Some of the e-commerce terms and conditions set out in Appendix A: UA Shopping does not apply to residents of Turkey who purchase products from our Turkish distributor FDOĞUŞ PERAKENDE (Doğuş Perakende Satış Giyim ve Aksesuar Tic.
A.Ş.) at http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
For Turkish users making purchases on the website http://www.underarmour.com.tr, only the terms and conditions agreed to by such users which are valid under Turkish law apply.
In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of Appendix A: UA Shopping and the terms and conditions of the Transaction Guide, the Distance Contract or the Prior Information Form (as applicable) supersedes and prevails over the terms and the conflicting or inconsistent terms in Appendix A: UA Shopping.
We will send you an order confirmation detailing the UA Apparel products you ordered once your purchase is complete.
You may maintain a different billing address on file for your credit card issuing bank than the billing address you enter when you place an order on the http://www.underarmour.com.tr website.
If we are unable to ship a UA Apparel product to your location, we will notify you via email that we are unable to ship to your location.
Pursuant to the Distance Contract, your UA Apparel products will be shipped within thirty (30) days.
Under the Transaction Guide, the Distance Contract and the Prior Information Form, you have fourteen (14) days to cancel a Distance Contract and avoid penalties.
We will not change the goods advertised or offered for sale, the prices or specifications of such goods and any promotional offers in connection with any purchases already completed and/or transactions in progress on the http://www.underarmour.com.tr websites.
If you are a resident of Canada: notwithstanding anything in these Terms or the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A, with respect to any purchases of UA Apparel products using a Visa credit card on the Under Armor website in Canada, any dispute relating to such purchase shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Canada, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
If you are a resident of Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand or Indonesia: notwithstanding the provisions of these Terms or the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A, with respect to any purchases of UA Apparel products using a Visa or MasterCard credit card on Under Armor websites in Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand or Indonesia, any dispute relating to such purchases shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Singapore, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
(j) Product Descriptions and Pricing
Under Armor Shopping aims to be as accurate a service as possible.
However, we do not warrant that product descriptions, photographs, videos, and other content relating to Under Armor Shopping products are completely accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
If a product offered by Under Armor is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it unused for a refund.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of items may be mispriced.
If the correct price of an item sold by Under Armor is greater than our stated price, we may, at our discretion, contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Prices displayed on Under Armor Shopping may be quoted in your local currency.
(k) Modifications
Please note that, subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to change the goods advertised or offered for sale through Under Armor Shopping, the prices or specifications of such goods and any promotional offers available on Under Armor Shopping in at any time and from time to time without any notice or obligation to you or any other individual.
