https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/plain_text_terms
Terms of Use
We welcome you to Facebook!
For messaging, voice and video calling services included in the Facebook Products, click here for a summary of the agreement and here for other mandatory information required under the European Electronic Communications Code.
Facebook creates technologies and services that allow users to connect with each other, create communities and grow businesses.
These Terms govern your use of Facebook, Messenger and other products, features, apps, services, technologies and software offered by Facebook (the Facebook Products or Products), except where separate terms are expressly stated to apply. (different from the present ones).
The Products in question are provided to you by Facebook Ireland Limited.
Rather than charge you for using Facebook or the other products and services covered by these Terms, Facebook receives compensation from companies and organizations for showing users ads about their products and services.
By using the Facebook Products, you agree that Facebook may show you ads that Facebook deems relevant to you and your interests.
Facebook uses your personal data to help determine which ads to show you.
Facebook does not sell your personally identifiable information to advertisers and does not share directly identifiable information about you (such as your name, email address, or other contact information) with advertisers without your specific permission. 'user.
Instead, advertisers can tell Facebook things like the type of audience their ads are targeting, and Facebook will show those ads to users who may be interested.
Facebook provides advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to help them understand how users interact with their content.
See Section 2 below for more information.
Facebook's Data Policy explains how Facebook collects and uses your personal data to determine some of the ads you see and to provide all other services described below.
You can also go to your Settings at any time to review the privacy choices you have about how Facebook uses your information.
1.
Services offered by Facebook
Facebook's goal is to give users the power to create communities and make the world more united.
To accomplish this goal, Facebook provides you with the Products and Services described below:
Provide a personalized user experience: The Facebook experience is unique to each user, from posts, stories, events, ads and other content displayed in the News Feed or video platform to the Pages followed and other features that may be used (e.g.
Popular, Marketplace and Search).
Facebook exploits the data it has (e.g.
in relation to connections made by the user, the choices and settings adopted and what the user shares and does inside and outside their Products) to personalize the user experience.
Connect you with people and organizations of interest: Facebook helps you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations and other people of interest in the Facebook Products you use.
Facebook uses the data in its possession to offer suggestions to the user and other parties (e.g.
groups to join, events to attend, Pages to follow or message, shows to watch, and people you might want to befriend).
Stronger ties improve communities, and Facebook believes its services are most useful when they connect people to other people, groups and organizations of interest.
Ability to express oneself and communicate in relation to topics of interest to the user: Facebook offers many ways to express oneself and communicate with friends, family and others on topics of interest (e.g.
share status updates, photos, videos and stories on the Facebook Products you use, send messages to friends or different people, create events or groups or add content to your profile).
Facebook has also developed (and continues to explore) new ways to leverage technology, such as augmented reality and 360° video, to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Facebook.
Discover content, products and services that may be of interest to you: Facebook shows you ads, offers and other sponsored content that allows you to discover content, products and services offered by various companies and organizations that use Facebook and other Products of Facebook.
This is explained in more detail in Section 2.
Fighting Harmful Conduct and Protecting and Supporting Our Community: People only create communities on Facebook if they feel safe.
Facebook employs dedicated teams around the world and develops advanced technical systems to detect misuse of its Products, harmful behavior towards others, and situations where it may be able to help support or protect its community.
If content or conduct of this type is reported, Facebook will take appropriate measures, such as offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account or contacting law enforcement.
Facebook shares data with other Facebook companies when it identifies misuse or harmful behavior by someone using one of the Facebook Products.
Use and development of advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services to all: Facebook exploits and develops advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality, to allow users to use their Products safely, regardless of their physical abilities or geographic location.
These technologies, for example, help users with visual impairments to understand the contents or subjects of a photo or video shared on Facebook or Instagram.
Facebook also builds sophisticated networks and communications technologies to help more people connect to the Internet in areas with limited access.
Facebook also develops automated systems to improve its ability to detect and remove offensive and dangerous activity that could put the Facebook community and the integrity of its Products at risk.
Researching ways to improve its services: Facebook engages in research aimed at developing, testing and improving its Products.
This includes analyzing user data that Facebook has and understanding how users use the Products, such as by conducting surveys and testing and troubleshooting new features.
Facebook's Data Policy explains how data is used to support research to develop and improve Facebook services.
Delivering consistent, seamless experiences across Facebook Company Products: The Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others of interest.
Facebook designs its systems to provide you with a consistent, seamless experience across the various Facebook companies' products that you use.
For example, Facebook uses data about the people you interact with on Facebook to make it easier to connect with them on Instagram or Messenger, and you are given the ability to communicate with businesses you follow on Facebook via Messenger.
Enable global access to Facebook services: To operate its global service, Facebook must store and distribute content and data in its data centers and systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence.
This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc.,
Facebook Ireland Limited or its affiliates.
2.
How Facebook services are financed
Rather than paying for the use of Facebook and its other products and services, by using the Facebook Products covered by these Terms, you agree that Facebook may display ads, which are promoted on and off the companies' products. of Facebook takes place upon payment by companies and organizations.
Facebook uses your personal data (e.g.,
information about your activities and interests) to show you the most relevant adverts.
Protecting user privacy is an integral part of how Facebook's ads system is designed.
This means that Facebook can show you relevant and useful adverts without revealing your identity to advertisers.
Facebook does not sell your personal data.
Facebook allows advertisers to indicate things like their business goals and the type of audience they want to show their ads to (e.g.,
users between 18 and 35 years old with a passion for cycling).
Then, Facebook shows the ads to users who may be interested.
Facebook also provides advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to help them understand how users interact with their content on and off Facebook.
For example, advertisers are provided with general demographic and interest information (e.g.,
an advert was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience.
Facebook does not share directly identifiable information (information such as your name or email address that can be used to contact or identify you) without your specific permission.
You can find more information about how Facebook ads work here.
Facebook collects and uses your personal data to provide you with the services described above.
For more information on how Facebook collects and uses user data, you can consult Facebook's Data Policy.
You can control the types of ads and advertisers you see, as well as the types of information Facebook uses to determine which ads to show you.
More information.
3.
Your commitments to Facebook and our community
Facebook provides these services to you and others to achieve its goal.
In exchange, the user must make the following commitments:
Who can use Facebook
When opinions and actions are linked to people, the Facebook community is safer and more accountable.
For this reason, the user is required to:
use the same name you use in real life;
provide accurate personal information;
create only one account (yours) and use your diary for personal purposes;
Do not share your password, give access to your Facebook account to others, or transfer your account to others (without Facebook's permission).
The goal is to make Facebook available to everyone, but its use is prohibited to:
users who are under 13 years old;
users convicted of sexual violence;
users with accounts previously disabled for violation of Facebook's Terms or Policies;
users who are not authorized by applicable law to receive Facebook products, services or software.
What the user can share and do on Facebook
Facebook wants its users to be able to express themselves and share content that is important to them, but without compromising the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of its community.
Therefore, you agree not to engage in the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support others in engaging in it):
You may not use the Products to engage in conduct or share content:
Contrary to the Terms, Community Standards, and other terms and policies applicable to your use of Facebook.
Contrary to the law, deceptive, discriminatory or fraudulent.
Contrary to or in violation of the rights of other users, including their intellectual property rights.
You may not upload viruses or malicious code, or do anything that would disable, overburden, or prevent the proper functioning or appearance of the Facebook Products.
You may not access or collect data from the Facebook Products using automated means (without Facebook's prior authorization) or attempt to access data that you do not have permission to access.
Facebook may remove or block content that violates these provisions.
If Facebook removes content you have shared due to a violation of the Community Standards, Facebook will notify you and explain your options for requesting a review, unless you are in serious or repeated violation of these Community Standards. Conditions or if doing so exposes Facebook or other users to legal liability, harms the Facebook user community, impairs or interferes with the integrity or operation of Facebook services, systems or Products, is restricted by limits technical or is prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
To support its community, Facebook encourages you to report content or conduct that you believe violates your rights (including intellectual property rights) or Facebook's terms and policies.
Facebook may remove or limit access to its content, services or information if it determines that such action is reasonably necessary to avoid or reduce adverse legal or regulatory consequences for Facebook.
Permissions You Grant to Facebook
You must grant certain permissions to allow Facebook to provide our services:
Permissions to Use Content You Create and Share: Some content you share or upload, such as photos or videos, may be protected by intellectual property laws.
You own the intellectual property rights (such as copyrights or trademarks) in the content you create and share on Facebook and the other products of the Facebook companies you use.
Nothing in these Terms deprives you of the rights you have in relation to your content.
The user is free to share their content with anyone, anywhere they want.
However, you must grant Facebook, in order to provide its services, certain legal permissions (known as "licenses") to use the content in question.
This is done for the sole purpose of providing and improving Facebook Products and Services, as described in Section 1 above.
Specifically, when you share, post or upload content protected by intellectual property rights in or in connection with the Facebook Products, you grant a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free license valid in throughout the world for the transmission, use, distribution, modification, performance, copying, public performance or display, translation and creation of derivative works of its contents (subject to privacy and settings of the user's app).
This implies, for example, that if you share a photo on Facebook, you authorize Facebook to store it, copy it and share it with other parties (always respecting your settings), such as service providers who support the service or other Products of Facebook that the user uses.
This license ceases to exist once your content is deleted from Facebook's systems.
You may delete content individually or collectively by deleting your account.
Learn more about how to delete your account.
You can download a copy of your data at any time before deleting your account.
When the user deletes their contents, they will no longer be visible to other users; however, they may continue to exist elsewhere within Facebook's systems if:
immediate deletion is not possible due to technical limitations (in these cases, the contents will be deleted within a maximum of 90 days from the date of deletion by the user);
your content has been used by other users in compliance with this license and has not been deleted (in which case, this license will continue to apply until the content is deleted); or
where immediate deletion would limit Facebook's ability to:
detect or investigate illegal activities or violations of Facebook's terms and policies (e.g.,
identify or investigate misuse of Facebook Products or systems);
comply with an obligation under the law, such as preserving evidence; or
comply with a request from judicial or administrative authorities, law enforcement or government agencies.
In these cases, the contents will be retained for no longer than is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were stored (the exact duration will vary depending on the situation).
In each of the above cases, the license will continue to exist until the contents are completely deleted.
Permission to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions with sponsored ads and content: You authorize Facebook to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions on Facebook in relating to or in connection with advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that Facebook displays within its Products, without any compensation to you.
For example, Facebook might show your friends that you're interested in a sponsored event or that you "Liked" a Page created by a brand that paid Facebook to show their ads on Facebook.
Ads of this kind can only be viewed by individuals who have the user's authorization to view their actions on Facebook.
You can find out more about your ad settings and preferences.
Permission to Update Software You Use or Download: If you download or use Facebook software, you grant Facebook permission to download and install updates to the software, where available.
Limitations on the use of Facebook intellectual property
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights owned by Facebook and made available in its Products (e.g.
images, designs, videos or sounds provided by Facebook that you add to content you create or share on Facebook), Facebook reserves all rights to such content (excluding your rights).
You may use Facebook's copyrights or trademarks (or any similar marks) only as expressly permitted by Facebook's Brand Guidelines or with Facebook's prior written permission.
You must obtain written permission from Facebook (or permission under an open source license) to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from Facebook.
4.
Further provisions
Facebook Terms Update
Facebook constantly works to optimize its services and to develop new features that improve the Products for the user and for its community.
Therefore, Facebook may need to periodically update these Terms to accurately reflect its services and practices.
Facebook will only make changes if the provisions are no longer appropriate or if they are incomplete and only in cases where such changes are reasonable for you and take due account of your interests.
Facebook will notify the user (e.g.
by email or through the Products) at least 30 days before making changes to these Conditions and will give the user the opportunity to consult them before their entry into force, unless the changes are required by law.
Once the updated Terms come into effect, you will be bound by them if you continue to use the Products.
Facebook hopes that its Products will continue to be used.
However, if you do not agree to the updated Terms and want to leave the Facebook community, you can delete your account at any time.
Suspension or termination of your account
Facebook's goal is to make its users feel welcome and free to express themselves and share their thoughts and ideas.
If Facebook determines that you have clearly, seriously or repeatedly violated its terms or policies, including in particular the Community Standards, Facebook may suspend or permanently disable your access to your account.
Facebook may also suspend or disable your account if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of other users, or if Facebook is required to do so for legal reasons.
If you do so, Facebook will notify you and explain your options for requesting a review, unless doing so would expose Facebook or others to legal liability, harm Facebook's community of users, or undermine or interfere with the integrity or operation of Facebook services, systems or Products, there are restrictions due to technical limitations or where it is prohibited to do so for legal reasons.
You can find more information on what to do if your account is disabled or how to contact Facebook if you believe your account was disabled in error.
If your account is deleted or disabled by Facebook, these Terms will cease to be a contract between Facebook and you, but the following provisions will remain in effect: 3.3.1, 4.2-4.5.
Limitations of Liability
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit Facebook's liability for death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by negligence or for prejudice to your legal rights.
Facebook will act with professional care in providing its Products and Services to you and in ensuring a safe, secure and error-free environment.
Provided that you have acted with professional diligence, Facebook accepts no liability in respect of losses which are not caused by your breach of these Terms or otherwise attributable to your actions, for losses which were not reasonably foreseeable by you and by Facebook at the time of acceptance of these Conditions and in relation to events beyond the reasonable control of Facebook.
Controversies
Facebook attempts to provide clear rules so as to limit or hopefully avoid disputes with users.
In the event of a dispute, it is useful to know in advance the places where it can be resolved, as well as the laws that apply.
For consumers who habitually reside in a Member State of the European Union, the laws of the Member State in question shall apply in relation to any complaints, legal actions or disputes against Facebook arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Facebook Products (" complaint").
The complaint may be resolved before any competent court of the Member State which has jurisdiction over the complaint.
In all other cases, you agree that the claim will be resolved before a court of competent jurisdiction in the Republic of Ireland and that Irish law will govern these Terms and any claims, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
Other provisions
These Terms (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities) constitute the entire agreement between you and Facebook Ireland Limited in relation to the use of the Products.
They replace any previous agreements.
Some of the Products offered by Facebook are also governed by additional terms.
If you use one of the Products in question, you will be given the opportunity to accept additional terms which will become part of your contract with you.
For example, if you access or use the Products for commercial or business purposes, such as buying ads, selling products, developing apps, managing a group or Page for your business, or using the measurement, you must accept the Facebook Terms of Business.
If you post or share music, you must comply with Facebook's Music Guidelines.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and any additional terms, the additional terms will apply to the extent of the conflict.
If any part of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, the remainder will remain in effect and remain in effect.
Failure to enforce any part of these Terms does not in any way constitute a waiver.
Any modification or waiver of these Terms must be in writing signed by Facebook.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations specified in these Terms to anyone else without Facebook's consent.
The user can appoint a person (defined as heir contact) to manage his memorialized account.
Only an heir contact or individual designated in a valid will or similar document who expresses clear consent to disclosure of contents upon death or incapacity may request disclosure from your account once memorialized.
These Terms do not confer any rights on third party beneficiaries.
All of Facebook's rights and obligations in these Terms may be freely assigned by Facebook in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or other transaction.
In some circumstances, Facebook may need to change an account's username (e.g.
if a person claims it and the username does not seem related to the name used in everyday life).
In such cases, Facebook will inform you in advance and explain the reasons behind the operation.
Facebook always appreciates user feedback and suggestions regarding its products and services.
However, you should be aware that Facebook may use this information without limits or obligations to compensate you and that Facebook has no obligation to keep it confidential.
5.
Additional terms and conditions applicable to you
Community Standards: These guidelines describe the standards for the content you post on Facebook and your activities on Facebook and other Facebook Products.
Commercial Terms: These terms apply if you also access or use the Products for commercial or business purposes, including advertising, use of an app on the Facebook Platform, use of measurement services, management of a group or Page for a business or sale of goods or services.
Advertising Policies: These policies specify what types of advertising content are allowed for partners who advertise through Facebook Products.
Self-Service Advertising Terms: These terms apply to your use of the Self-Service Advertising Interfaces to create, send or publish advertising or other content or activities, whether commercial or sponsored.
Pages, Groups, and Events Policy: These guidelines apply if you create or administer Facebook Pages, Groups, or Events, or if you use Facebook to communicate or administer a promotion.
Facebook Platform Policies: These guidelines explain the policies that apply to your use of the Facebook Platform (e.g.
for developers or operators of an app or website on the Platform or in case of use of social plug-ins).
Developer Payments Terms: These terms apply to app developers using Facebook Payments.
Community Payments Terms: These terms apply to payments made on or through Facebook.
Sales Policies: These guidelines explain the policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.
Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines explain the policies that apply to the use of Facebook branding, logos, and screenshots.
Music Guidelines: These guidelines describe the policies that apply if you post or share content featuring music on Facebook.
Facebook Live Policies: These policies apply to all content transmitted via Facebook Live.
Message Services Terms relevant to EU, EEA and UK users: The terms applicable to the messaging, calling and video calling services included in the Facebook Products are listed here and here in accordance with EU regulations.
Last revised: December 20, 2020
