Terms of use
Last updated: April 3, 2014
Welcome to the Garmin Ltd websites.
and its affiliates ("Garmin").
The “Garmin Sites” are garmin.com, garmin.blogs.com, my.garmin.com, connect.garmin.com, and other sites on the Internet where the following Terms of Use are posted.
This document sometimes refers to Garmin as "we."
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING A GARMIN SITE.
By using a Garmin Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use set forth in this document, you must refrain from using the Garmin Sites.
Special terms may apply to some services or features offered on certain Garmin Sites.
These terms are published in relation to the specific service or feature.
These terms are in addition to the Terms of Use below and, in the event of a conflict, take precedence over the Terms of Use below.
Garmin may change the Terms of Use at any time by updating this document.
You are bound by any changes and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the Terms of Use.
Use of Content
The contents of the Garmin Sites, such as text, graphics, images, audio files, video files and other materials, as well as the domain names, slogans, organization and appearance of the Sites (collectively the " Content"), are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws in the United States and other countries, and are owned or controlled by Garmin or third parties, the contents of which have been licensed to Garmin.
Unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
If a Garmin site is configured to permit the download of specific Content, you are authorized to download a single copy of such Content on a single computer solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that (a) you retain all copyright and proprietary notices in the original Content, (b) you will not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose without the prior written consent of Garmin and (c) you do not use the Content in any way that gives rise to an association with any of the Company's products, services or brands.
You may not, without Garmin's prior written consent, "mirror" on any other server any materials contained on a Garmin Site.
You may not use the Content on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose without Garmin's prior written consent.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (the “Marks”) displayed on the Garmin Sites are the property of Garmin or third parties.
Use of these Marks without the prior written consent of Garmin or any third party is prohibited.
To learn how to obtain permission from Garmin to use the Content on the Website, please email webmaster@garmin.com.
If Garmin allows you to download software from a Garmin Site and you download such software, the software, including, for example, files, images embedded in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software" ) are licensed to you by Garmin and third-party licensors solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
Garmin does not transfer any title to the Software to you.
You may not distribute or otherwise use the Software or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or convert the Software to machine-readable form.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SPECIFIED ELSEWHERE, GARMIN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
GARMIN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY (1) INACCURACIES OR ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE; (2) LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR CAUSED BY ANY SUCH INACCURACY, ERROR OR DAMAGE IN THE SOFTWARE.
IF ANY OF THE ABOVE PROVISIONS IS NOT VALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, GARMIN'S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Public forums and communications
“Public Forum” means an area, site, or feature offered as part of a Garmin Site that allows users to submit content (“User Submissions”) for visibility by one or more users of the Garmin Sites, including , for example, message boards, forums, social community environments, conversation pages, or blogs.
You agree that the Public Forums and the features offered therein are communications for public and not private use, and you have no expectation of privacy with respect to any User Submissions in a Public Forum.
The Company cannot guarantee the security of any information you choose to disclose through such means of communication: you make such disclosures voluntarily and at your own risk.
You should use common sense when posting information, comments, or other content about other users, service providers, Garmin, or third parties.
You are responsible for any harm caused to other users, Garmin, or third parties resulting from defamatory or actionable comments, remarks, or other information or content posted on a Garmin Site.
Garmin is not responsible for any User Submissions, even if a User Submission is defamatory or otherwise actionable.
You are and remain solely responsible for any User Submissions that you distribute on or through a Garmin Site in any Public Forum and for the consequences of such posting.
The company is not bound by any obligation to monitor the Public Forums.
You will be solely responsible for any damages resulting from infringement of copyright, proprietary rights, or any other harm attributable to any User Submission.
By submitting material to a Garmin Site, you automatically warrant that the owner of the material has expressly agreed to grant Garmin a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) throughout the world and/or incorporate such material into other products in any form or by any means or technology already known or yet to be developed for the full term of any copyright or other rights that may exist in such material.
You also permit other users to access, view, store or reproduce the material for their personal use.
You hereby grant Garmin the right to modify, copy, publish and distribute any materials you make available on any Garmin Site.
You acknowledge that use of any User Submissions posted to a Public Forum is at your sole risk.
The Company, for example, is in no way responsible for nor does it endorse the opinions, advice or suggestions published or submitted by users on a Public Forum and specifically disclaims any and all liability in relation thereto.
Garmin also does not confirm or verify user requirements, training or skills, or information posted in a Public Forum.
Therefore, Garmin recommends that you use caution and exercise common sense and common sense when using a Garmin Site or Public Forum.
Rules of Conduct: You agree not to post any User Submissions to a Garmin Site that is:
defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or invasive of another person's right to privacy;
biased, abusive, racially offensive, or otherwise offensive;
violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit or which is reasonably likely to harm any person or entity;
illegal or that encourages or promotes illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activity with the intent to commit it, including a User Contribution that is or represents an attempt to engage in child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene materials or stolen goods, drug trafficking and/or abuse, harassment, theft or criminal conspiracy;
infringes or violates the rights of any third party, including: (a) any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary or contractual right; (b) the right to privacy (specifically, you must not disclose any personal information about others without explicit consent) or publicity; or (c) confidentiality constraints;
concerns commercial or business matters or advertises or offers to sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit) or solicits others to do so (including solicitations for contributions or donations);
contains a virus or other harmful component or that tampers with, impairs, or otherwise damages the Garmin Sites or connected networks, or otherwise interferes with any person or entity's use or enjoyment of the Garmin Sites;
(a) is not generally relevant to the designated topic or theme of the Relevant Public Forum; (b) violates any specific restrictions applicable to a Public Forum, including time restrictions and procedures; or (c) is antisocial, deleterious, or destructive, including “flaming,” “spamming,” “flooding,” “trolling,” and “griefing,” as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet; or
is false or misleading.
We cannot and do not guarantee that other users will act in compliance with the Rules of Conduct above or with the other provisions of these Terms of Use, and by mutual agreement between Garmin and you, you assume all risks of damage or personal injury resulting from such non-compliance.
Garmin reserves the right, but disclaims any obligation or liability, to refuse to post, communicate, or remove any User Submissions from a Garmin Site that violate these Terms of Use (including the Rules of Conduct).
Account
Some services on the Garmin Sites allow or require you to create an account to participate in activities or to obtain additional benefits.
You agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete personal information as required by the registration procedures (the “Registered Data”).
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any other person or entity, including by using your user name, password or other information relating to another person's account or another person's name, preferences, voice, image or photograph.
You further agree to promptly notify webmaster@garmin.com of any unauthorized use of your user name, password or other account information, or any other breach of security of which you become aware, which involves or links to any Garmin Site.
Garmin reserves the right to suspend or deactivate your account and your ability to use any Garmin Site or any portion thereof if you fail to comply with these Terms of Use or special terms for a particular service.
Garmin's Responsibilities
Garmin makes no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, integrity, or timeliness of the Content or the results that may be obtained from using the Garmin Sites and the Content.
Any use of the Garmin Sites and the Content is at your sole risk.
The Garmin Sites are modified periodically, and changes may be made at any time.
Some Content on the Garmin Sites may be provided by third parties, and Garmin cannot be held responsible for Content provided by third parties.
GARMIN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE GARMIN SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE GARMIN SITES OR THEIR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL FILES.
IF THE USE OF THE GARMIN SITES OR THE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED TO REPAIR OR REPLACE ANY EQUIPMENT, OR IN LOSS OF PROFITS OR DATA, GARMIN SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ASSOCIATED COSTS.
THE GARMIN SITES AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
GARMIN DISCLAIMS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Denial of liability for specific damages
You assume all risks associated with your use of the Garmin Sites.
If you are dissatisfied with the Content or other content of the Garmin Sites or with these Terms and Conditions, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the Garmin Sites.
IN NO EVENT SHALL GARMIN OR ANY THIRD PARTIES NAMED ON THE GARMIN SITES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION COMMERCIAL) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE GARMIN SITES AND THE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND EVEN IF GARMIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN SPECIFIC CASES AND WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Links to other sites
The Garmin Sites may contain links to third-party websites maintained by others.
Links to such third-party websites are provided for convenience only; The presence of such links does not constitute endorsement by Garmin of their contents.
Garmin is not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites and makes no warranties of any kind as to the content or accuracy of materials contained therein or the privacy practices of such third parties.
Access to linked third party websites is entirely at your own risk.
Third Party Applications
On Garmin Sites you can download applications developed by third parties.
Garmin is not responsible for, and makes no representations about, the content or functionality of third-party applications or the privacy practices of such third-party developers.
If you decide to download and use any third-party applications, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Allowance
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Garmin, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any claims, suits, or demands, including, without limitation and to a reasonable extent, legal and accounting fees associated with or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use.
Export control
The United States and some other countries control the export of products and information.
You agree to comply with these restrictions and not to export or re-export the Content to countries or to individuals prohibited by export control regulations.
By downloading the Content, you confirm that you are not located in a country to which such exports are prohibited and that you are not listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Table of Denial Orders or the Specially Designated Entities List. Nationals).
You are responsible for complying with any regulations in your local jurisdiction regarding imports, exports, or re-exports of the Content.
Copyright Policy
Garmin respects the intellectual property rights of others.
It is Garmin's policy, at its discretion and as appropriate, to terminate the accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the copyrights of third parties.
To submit a notification of copyright infringement to Garmin, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing the Copyright Agent specified below with the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are located at a single online site and are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or related to activities infringing these rights and which must be removed or made unavailable for access, as well as information sufficient to allow the service provider to locate the material .
Information sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the submitter of the notification, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address.
A statement by the notifying party that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and that, under penalty of perjury, the notifying party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You acknowledge that if you do not comply with the requirements described in the preceding paragraph, the DMCA information may not be valid.
See 17 U.S.C. par.
512 for more information about the DMCA and DMCA notices.
You can contact our Designated Agent to receive notification of alleged infringement in the following ways:
By email: copyright@garmin.com
By mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
Attn: Legal Department
Garmin International, Inc.
1200 East 151st Street
Olathe, KS 66062
General
Except as set forth in this paragraph, all legal matters arising out of or associated with the use of the Garmin Sites shall be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the state of Kansas applicable to contracts made and performed in the state of Kansas, without regard to conflicts of law. with the principles of law.
By using a Garmin Site, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claims or causes of action arising out of use of the Garmin Site shall be the district court of Kansas or any court of justice in the state of Kansas located in Johnson County .
You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the right to raise any objections that may now or hereafter arise herein, as well as any claims arising out of such proceedings.
If you are not a citizen of the United States; (b) you do not reside in the United States; (c) you are not accessing the Garmin site from the United States; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries listed below, you agree that any dispute or claim arising out of these Terms of Use will be governed by the applicable laws set forth herein, without regard to any conflict of law terms.
You further agree to irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state, province or country set forth below whose laws govern:
If the user is a citizen of:
A country of the European Union
Current regulations and forum:
English regulations; London, England.
For complaints or further information, you can contact the supplier in writing at Garmin International, Inc.,
1200 East 151st Street, Olathe, Kansas 66062, United States of America, by telephone at (913) 397-8200 (asking for the Webmaster) or by email at webmaster@garmin.com.
