Terms of Use
Facebook Ireland Limited has changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
We have updated our Terms of Use, our Data Policy and our Cookie Policy to reflect the new name effective January 4, 2022.
The company name has changed, but we continue to offer the same products, including Meta's Instagram app.
Our Data Policy and Terms of Use remain in effect.
Furthermore, changing your name does not affect how we use or share your data.
Learn more about Meta and our metaverse project.
Terms of Use
Welcome to Instagram!
These Terms of Use (or "Terms") govern your use of Instagram, except where we explicitly state that separate terms (other than these) apply, and provide information about the Instagram Service (the "Service") , described below.
By creating an Instagram account or using Instagram, you agree to these Terms.
The Meta Terms of Use do not apply to this Service.
Click here for a Contract Summary and here for other information we are required to provide under the European Electronic Communications Code.
For EU-based businesses that use Instagram Shopping to sell goods to consumers located in the European Union, you can find more information about your business relationship with us by reviewing the Platform to Business Notice in addition to our Terms of Service. use.
The Instagram Service is one of the Meta Products provided by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
These Terms of Use constitute a contract between you and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
imprint
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
Protocol number: 462932
To contact us by email:
Network Enforcement Act (“NetzDG”)
For more information about the NetzDG and how to report content deemed illegal under the NetzDG, please visit our NetzDG Help Center page.
Law enforcement agencies may request information under the NetzDG via the Law Enforcement Online Request System.
Officials for administrative and civil proceedings pursuant to Sec.
5(1) del NetzDG: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Berlin), Potsdamer Platz 1, 10785, Berlin.
Copyright Service Providers Act ("UrhDaG")
The recipient authorized pursuant to Sec.
20 dell'UrhDaG per the notifiche nei procedimenti giudiziari è: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Düsseldorf), Feldmühleplatz 1, 40545 Düsseldorf.
Information for state media supervisory authorities
Any administrative notifications under the German Media Treaty (Medienstaatvertrag) to Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
Possono essere inviate a: Facebook Germany GmbH, c/o Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Hohe Bleichen 7, 20354 Hamburg.
Content classification
Here we provide information on content classification.
The Instagram service
We agree to provide the Instagram Service to you.
The Service includes all Instagram products, features, apps, services, technologies and software that we provide to support Instagram's mission to bring you closer to the people and things you care about.
The Service is made up of the following aspects:
Offering personalized opportunities to create, connect, communicate, discover and share.
People are different.
We want to strengthen relationships through shared experiences of real interest to the user.
Therefore, we develop systems to try to understand who and what is of interest to you and others, and we use that information to help you create, find, participate in and share relevant experiences.
This includes highlighting content, features, offers, and accounts that may be of interest to you and offering ways to use Instagram based on actions taken by the individual user and by all users on and off Instagram .
Promoting a positive, inclusive and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and offer resources to our community members to help them make their experiences positive and inclusive, including when we think they might need help.
We also have teams and systems working to combat misuse and violations of our Terms and Policies, and harmful and deceptive behavior.
We use all information we have, including information about you, to keep the platform secure.
We may also share information regarding misuse or harmful content with other Meta companies or with law enforcement agencies.
For more information, you can consult our Data Policy.
Development and use of technologies that help us constantly support the growth of our community.
Organizing and analyzing information to grow our community is critical to our Service.
A significant part of our Service involves the creation and use of cutting-edge technologies that help us personalize, protect and improve our Service at scale for a global community.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning allow us to apply complex processes to our Services.
Automated technologies also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.
Delivering consistent, seamless experiences across other Meta companies' products.
Instagram is part of the Meta Companies, which share technologies, systems, insights and information, including user details (more information in the Data Policy), in order to provide better, safer and more secure services.
We also provide ways to interact across Meta Companies' products and design systems to ensure a seamless and consistent experience across Meta Companies' products.
Guarantee of access to our Service.
To operate our global Service, we must store and transfer data on our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence.
The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to provide our Service.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Meta Platforms, Inc.,
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or its affiliates.
Connection with brands, products and services of interest to the user.
We use data from Instagram and other Meta companies products, as well as third-party partners, to display ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we think will be of interest to you.
We try to make this content as relevant as other user experiences on Instagram.
Research and innovation.
We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Service and to collaborate with others on research to improve our Service and contribute to the well-being of our community.
This includes analyzing user data that Facebook has and understanding how people use our Services, such as by conducting surveys and testing and troubleshooting new features.
Methods of financing our Service
Instead of paying for the use of Instagram, by using the Service governed by these Terms you acknowledge that Facebook can display advertisements whose promotion inside and outside the products of Meta companies takes place upon payment by companies and organizations .
We use your personal data (e.g.
information about your activities and interests) to show you the most relevant adverts.
Facebook shows you relevant and useful ads without revealing your identity to advertisers.
Facebook does not sell your personal data.
We allow advertisers to tell us things like their business goals and the type of audience they want to show their ads to.
Facebook then shows the ads to users who may be interested.
Facebook also provides advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to help them understand how users interact with their content on and off Instagram.
For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers to help them better understand their audiences.
Facebook does not share directly identifiable information (information such as your name or email address that can be used to contact or identify you) without your specific permission.
Learn more about how Instagram ads work here.
On Instagram, you may see branded content posted by account holders who promote products or services based on a business relationship with the business partner mentioned in their content.
The user can find more information here.
Data Policy
To provide our Service, we must collect and use your information.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use and share information in Meta Products.
The document also explains how you can control your information, including in Instagram's privacy and security settings.
User engagement
In exchange for our commitment to providing the Service, you must make the following commitments to us.
Who can use Instagram: We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we also want it to be safe, secure, and compliant with the law.
Therefore, the user is required to comply with certain legal restrictions in order to be part of the Instagram community.
The user must be at least 13 years old.
You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable law or from making payments in connection with the Services if you are on a prohibited list.
Your account must not have been disabled for violating the law or one of our policies.
You must not have been convicted of a sexual offense.
Uses of Instagram not allowed.
Everyone must assume their responsibilities to offer a safe and open Service to an extended community.
You may not use the identity of others or provide inaccurate information.
You are not required to reveal your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up-to-date information (including membership information), which may include providing us with personal data.
Furthermore, the user cannot assume identities other than his own and cannot create accounts for other people, unless expressly authorized by them.
You may not act in an unlawful, deceptive, or fraudulent manner, or for any unlawful or unauthorized purpose.
You may not violate (or assist or encourage others to violate) these Terms or our policies, in particular the Instagram Community Guidelines, the Meta Platform Terms and Developer Policies, and the Music Guidelines .
If you post branded content, you must comply with our Branded Content Policies, which require you to use our Branded Content Tool.
More information on how to report behavior or content is available in our Help Center.
You may not engage in any conduct that is intended to interfere with or undermine the intended operation of our Service.
This includes improper use of reporting, dispute or appeal channels, such as filing fraudulent or unfounded reports or appeals.
You may not attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in any unauthorized manner.
This includes creating accounts or collecting information using automated systems without our express permission.
You may not sell, license, or buy accounts or data obtained from Facebook or its Service.
This includes attempts to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username), solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges from other users, or solicit or collect Instagram usernames or passwords, or use improperly access token.
You may not post another person's private or confidential information without permission or take any action that violates the rights of others, including intellectual property rights (e.g.
copyright infringement, trademark infringement, sale of counterfeit or pirated goods).
You may use another person's works subject to exceptions or limitations on copyright and other related rights under applicable law.
You represent that you own or have obtained all necessary rights in relation to the content you post or share.
More information, including how to report any content that appears to infringe your intellectual property rights, is available here.
You may not modify, transform, create derivative works of, or derive the source code of our products or their components.
You may not use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written permission.
Permissions Granted by You: As part of the contract, you grant us the permissions necessary to provide the Service.
We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it.
Your rights relating to your content remain unchanged.
We do not claim ownership of the content you post on or through the Service, and you are free to share your content with anyone, at any time.
However, you must grant us certain permissions (known as a “license”) in order for us to provide the Service.
When you share, publish or upload content covered by intellectual property rights (e.g.
photos or videos) relating to or in connection with our Service, grants us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to store, use, distribute, modify, perform, copy, public performance or display, translation and creation of derivative works of your content (subject to app and privacy settings) for the purpose of making the Instagram Service available.
This license will cease to exist once we delete your user content from our systems.
You may delete content individually or collectively by deleting your account.
For more information about how we use your information and how to control or delete your content, you can review the Data Policy and access the Instagram Help Center.
Use of your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content.
You can use your username, profile picture, and action information (e.g.
"Likes") or user relationships (e.g.
the profiles he follows) within or in connection with accounts, advertisements, offers and other sponsored content he follows or interacts with that are displayed on Meta Products, without any remuneration to him.
For example, we can show that you "Liked" a sponsored post created by a brand that pays us to display their ads on Instagram.
Like actions on other content and other followed accounts, actions on sponsored content and followed sponsored accounts can only be seen by people who have permissions.
We will respect your ad settings.
More information about ad settings can be found here.
You agree that we may download and install updates to the Service on your device.
Further rights we reserve
If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it where we deem appropriate or necessary (e.g.
in case of violation of the intellectual property rights of others or use of an identity that does not correspond to one's own).
If you use content that is covered by intellectual property rights that we own and make available on our Services (e.g.
images, designs, videos or sounds that we provide and that you add to content you create or share), we reserve all rights in and to such content (excluding your rights).
You may use our intellectual property rights and trademarks or similar features only as expressly permitted by our Brand Guidelines or after obtaining our prior written permission.
You must obtain our written permission or permission under an open source license to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract our source code.
Removal of Content and Disabling or Termination of Your Account
Any content or information you share on the Service may be removed if found to violate these Terms of Use, our policies (including the Instagram Community Guidelines), or as required by law.
We may refuse or discontinue all or part of the Service to you (including by terminating or disabling access to Meta Products and Meta Companies Products) immediately in order to protect our community or our services if you: create a legal risk or exposure to us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies (including the Instagram Community Guidelines), repeat infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties or in cases permitted or required by law.
We may also terminate or modify the Service, remove or block content or information shared on our Service or interrupt, in whole or in part, the provision of the Service if we deem it reasonably necessary to avoid or mitigate prejudicial legal or administrative consequences against us .
If we remove content, we will notify you and explain your options for requesting another review, unless you are in serious or repeated breach of these Terms or if doing so would expose us or others to legal liability, harms our community of users, impairs or interferes with the integrity or operation of our services, systems or products, is restricted due to technical limitations, or is prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
You can visit our Help Center if you believe your account was terminated in error or if you wish to permanently disable or delete your account.
When you request to delete content or your account, the deletion process begins automatically within 30 days of your request.
Once the process begins, it may take up to 90 days to delete your content.
During the deletion process, your content is no longer visible to other users, but it remains subject to these Terms of Use and our Data Policy.
Once content is deleted, removal from backup and disaster recovery systems may take an additional 90 days.
Our right to termination for cause remains unaffected.
We speak of just cause specifically when a party violates the obligations under these Conditions, laws, third party rights or privacy regulations, and the party exercising the termination cannot be expected to continue the contractual relationship in consideration of all the circumstances of the individual case and having weighed the interests of both parties until the agreed time of termination or the expiry of a notice period.
Termination for cause is possible only within a reasonable time following discovery of the violation.
If the just cause is the violation of an obligation of these Conditions, termination is permitted only after the expiry of the unsuccessful repentance period granted or following a warning with a negative outcome.
However, it is not necessary to grant a period for repentance if the other party seriously and definitively refuses to fulfill its obligations or if special circumstances justify immediate termination, following the evaluation of the interests of both parties.
You can visit our Help Center if you believe your account was terminated in error or if you wish to permanently disable or delete your account.
Content will not be deleted within 90 days of starting the content and account deletion process in the following situations:
Your content has been used by other users in compliance with this license and has not been deleted by them (in which case, this license will continue to apply until the content is deleted).
Deletion of content within 90 days is not possible due to technical limitations of our systems.
In this case, we will complete the deletion as soon as technically possible.
Where immediate deletion would limit our ability to:
investigate or investigate illegal activities or violations of our terms and policies (e.g.,
identify or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
protect the security of our products, systems and users;
comply with an obligation under the law, such as preserving evidence; or
comply with a request from judicial or administrative authorities, law enforcement or government agencies.
In these cases, the contents will be retained for no longer than is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were stored (the exact duration will vary depending on the situation).
If you delete or disable a user's account, these Terms will cease to be of any contractual force between you and Facebook, but this section and the section below entitled "Our Agreement and the Consequences of Our Non-Acceptance" will continue to exist. apply even after closing, disabling or deleting your account.
Our contract and consequences of our non-acceptance
Our contract.
The use of music content on our Service is also governed by our Music Guidelines, and the use of our APIs is governed by the Meta Platform Terms and Developer Policies.
If you use certain related features or services, you will be provided with the opportunity to agree to additional terms, which will become part of our agreement.
For example, if you use the payment features, you will need to agree to the Community Payments Terms.
In the event there is a conflict between these conditions and this contract, these conditions will prevail.
If any aspect of this agreement is unenforceable, the remaining portions of this agreement will remain in effect.
Any modification or waiver of this agreement must be made in writing and signed by us.
Failure to enforce any aspect of this contract does not in any way constitute a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Owners of rights under this agreement.
This contract does not grant rights to third parties.
You may not transfer your obligations or rights under this agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations may be assigned to others.
For example, this may occur if our ownership changes (through a merger, acquisition or sale of assets) or by law.
Responsible parties if something happens.
Our liability is limited to the following.
In accordance with the statutory provisions, our liability is unlimited in the event of injuries with adverse consequences to life, body or health, in the event of intent, gross negligence and in accordance with the Produkthaftungsgesetz.
Without limiting any of the foregoing, we are only liable for slight negligence if you breach an "essential" obligation under this contract.
By "essential" obligations we mean the obligations necessary for the execution of the contract, the violation of which would compromise the purpose of the same and whose fulfillment is expected.
In these cases, liability is limited to typical and foreseeable damages.
In other cases, there is no liability for slight negligence.
Dispute management.
If you have any claims or disputes relating to your use of the Service as a consumer, you and Facebook agree to resolve individual claims and disputes before a court of competent jurisdiction in your country of principal residence having jurisdiction about.
In this case, the laws of the country in question apply, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
If you have any claim or dispute arising out of your use of the Service in any other capacity, including, but not limited to, your access to and use of the Service for business or commercial purposes, you agree to resolve it before to a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland and agrees to the application of the laws of Ireland, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Materials not required.
We always appreciate feedback or other suggestions, but we may use them without limitation or obligation to compensate you, and we are under no obligation to maintain confidentiality.
Update of these Conditions
We may make changes to our Service and policies, and we may change these Terms to accurately reflect our Service and policies.
We will only make changes to provisions that are no longer appropriate or incomplete and only where they are reasonable for you taking into account your interests.
Except as otherwise required by law, we will notify you of changes and available choices (e.g.
through our Service) at least 30 days before updating these Conditions and we will allow them to be consulted before they come into force.
If you continue to use the Service, you must comply with the updated Terms.
If you do not want to accept these Terms or any updates to them, you can delete your account here.
Review: January 4, 2022
