In force from 11 August 2020
Our mission is to connect professionals around the world to help them be more productive and more successful.
The goal of our services is to promote economic opportunities for our members by enabling you and millions of other professionals to meet, exchange ideas, learn, find career opportunities or employees, and work and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships.
Index:
Introduction
Obligations
Rights and limits
Limitation of Liability
Resolution
Applicable legislation and dispute resolution
General terms
“Allowed Activities” and “Disallowed Activities” on LinkedIn
Content Complaints
How to contact us
1.
Introduction
1.1 Contract
When you use our Services, you agree to all of these terms.
Your use of our Services is also subject to our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy, which covers how we collect, use, share and store your personal information.
By clicking “Join Now,” “Join LinkedIn,” “Sign Up” or similar, registering for, accessing, or using our Services (described below), you agree to form a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (even if you use our Services on behalf of a company).
If you do not agree to this Agreement (“Agreement” or “License Agreement”), DO NOT click “Sign Up Now” (or similar) and do not access or otherwise use any of our Services.
If you wish to terminate this Agreement, you may do so at any time by closing your account and ceasing to access or use our Services.
Services
This Agreement applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning, and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services explicitly offered under this Agreement (“Services”), including data collection off-site for such Services, such as our advertisements and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plug-ins.
Registered users of our Services are “Members” and unregistered users are “Visitors”.
LinkedIn
You are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn (also referred to as “we”).
The term “Designated Countries” means the countries of the European Union (EU), the countries of the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland.
If you reside in the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”), and LinkedIn Ireland will be responsible for the processing of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with to our Services.
If you reside in a country other than the “Designated Countries,” you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn Corp.”),
e LinkedIn Corp.
will be responsible for the processing of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
This Agreement applies to Users and Visitors.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy ) and related updates.
1.2 Members and Visitors
When you register and sign up for LinkedIn Services you become a Member.
If you have chosen not to register for our Services, you can access some features as a “Visitor”
.
1.3 Modification
The Agreement may be subject to change.
We may change this Agreement, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy from time to time.
If we make any material changes, we will notify you through our Services, or other means, to give you an opportunity to review the changes before they become effective.
We agree that changes cannot be retroactive.
If you disapprove of the changes, you may close your account.
If you continue to use our Services after we post or send a notice of changes to these terms and conditions, we will deem you to have accepted the updated terms and conditions as of the date they became effective.
2.
Obligations
2.1.
Fitness for service
Here are some promises you make to us in this Agreement:
You are eligible to enter into this Agreement and are at least the "Minimum Age".
The Services may not be used by persons under the age of 16.
To use the Services, you agree that: (1) you must be the Minimum Age (defined below) or older; (2) you must have only one LinkedIn account, which must match your real name; and (3) your use of the Services has never been suspended by LinkedIn.
Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms and conditions, including accounts registered on behalf of third parties or persons under the age of 16.
“Minimum age” means 16 years.
However, if the law requires that you must be of legal age for LinkedIn to legally provide the Services to you without the consent of your parent or guardian (including the use of your personal data), then the Minimum Age will be that established by law .
2.2 Your account
You will keep your password secret.
You will not share your account with other people and will comply with our rules and the law.
Members are account holders.
You agree to: (1) use a strong password and keep it secret; (2) not transfer any portion of your account (for example, links), and (3) comply with the law and our list of “Allowed Activities” and “Disallowed Activities” and the Professional Community Policy.
You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report any abuse.
As between you and other parties (including your employer), the account belongs to you.
However, if the Services have been purchased from another party for your use (e.g.
Recruiter Seat purchased by your employer), the party paying for such Service has the right to control access to such paid Service, and to obtain reports on your use of it, but does not have rights to your personal account .
2.3 Payment
You will fulfill your payment obligations and give us consent to store your payment information.
You are aware that charges and taxes may be added to our prices.
Refunds are subject to our policy.
If you purchase any of our Paid Services (“Premium Services”), you agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes and to comply with any additional terms specific to such Paid Services.
Failure to pay may result in termination of your use of the Paid Services.
Additionally, you agree to the following:
Your purchases may be subject to an exchange fee or price differences based on location (e.g., exchange rate).
You authorize us to store your payment method (for example, credit card) and continue to charge you even after it expires, in order to avoid interruptions to your Services and to make payments for other Services you may purchase.
If you purchase a subscription, your payment method will automatically be charged for the fees and taxes applicable to that period at the beginning of each subscription period.
To avoid future charges, cancel before your renewal date.
Find out more about how to cancel or suspend Premium Services.
All your purchases of Services are subject to LinkedIn's Refund Policy.
We may calculate the taxes you owe based on the billing information you provide to us at the time of purchase.
You can obtain a copy of your invoice via your LinkedIn account settings in the “Purchase History” section.
2.4 Alerts and messages
You agree to receive notices and messages from us through our websites and apps and contact information.
If your contact information is not up to date, you may miss important notices.
You agree that we may send you notices and messages in the following ways: (1) within the Service or (2) to the contact information you have provided to us (e.g.
email address, mobile number, postal address).
You also agree to keep your contact information updated.
We encourage you to review your settings to control and limit the messages you receive from us.
2.5 Sharing
When you share information on our Services, other people can see, copy and use that information.
Our Services allow you to message and share information in various ways, such as through your profile, articles, group posts, article links, job postings, messages, and InMail messages.
The information and content you share or post may be viewed by other Users, Visitors or third parties (including outside the Services).
Where we have made settings available, we will respect the choices you make about who can see the content or information (for example, content of messages to your recipients, sharing content only with LinkedIn connections, limiting the visibility of your profile on search engines or choosing not to communicate updates to your LinkedIn profile to third parties).
Regarding job search activities, we have set by default not to send alerts to your network or your audience.
Therefore, if you apply for a job through our Service or choose to indicate your interest in a job, by default we share information only with the creator of the job.
We are under no obligation to post any information or content on our Service and may remove it in our sole discretion, with or without notice.
3.
Rights and limits
3.1.
Your License to LinkedIn
You own all content, comments, suggestions and personal information that you provide to us, but you also grant us a non-exclusive license to the same.
We will respect the choices you make about who can see your information and content, including how it may be used for advertising purposes.
As between you and LinkedIn, you own the content and information that you post or submit to the Services and you grant LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:
A worldwide, transferable and sub-licensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process information and content that you provide through our Services and third-party services, without further consent, notice and/or remuneration to you or to third parties.
These rights are limited in the following ways:
You may terminate this license for specific content by deleting such content from the Services or generally terminating your account, except (a) to the extent you have shared it with third parties as part of the Service and such users have copied, re-shared or stored it and (b) for a reasonable time to remove it from backup and other systems.
We will not include Your Content in advertisements for third party products and services to others (including Sponsored Content) without Your separate consent.
However, we reserve the right, without compensation to you or any third party, to serve advertisements near your content and information, and your social actions may be visible and displayed with advertisements, as indicated in the Privacy Policy.
If you use a feature of a Service, we may mention your name or photo to promote it within our Services, depending on your settings.
We will ask for your consent if we want to grant third parties the right to publish your posts outside the Services.
However, if you choose to publish a post as “public”, we will enable a feature that allows other Users to embed such public post in third party services and we will allow search engines to ensure that such public content can be found through the their services.
to know more
Although we may change and make changes to the format of your content (such as translating or transcribing it, changing its size, layout or file type, or removing metadata), we will not change the meaning of your expression.
Because you own your content and information and we have only non-exclusive rights to it, you may choose to make it available to third parties, including under a Creative Commons license.
You and LinkedIn agree that if content includes personal data, it will be subject to our Privacy Policy.
You and LinkedIn agree that we may access, store, process and use all information and personal data that you provide in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).
By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding our Services to LinkedIn, you agree that LinkedIn may use and share (but has no obligation to) such feedback for any purpose without compensating you.
You guarantee that you provide only the information and content that you have the right to share and that your LinkedIn profile will be truthful.
You agree to only provide content or information that does not violate the law or the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights).
You also agree that your profile information is truthful.
Laws may require LinkedIn to remove certain information or content in some countries.
3.2 Availability of the Services
We may modify or discontinue any Service or change our prices prospectively.
We may change, suspend or discontinue any of our Services.
We also reserve the right to change our prices, which become effective prospectively upon reasonable notice to the extent permitted by law.
We cannot guarantee that we will preserve or continue to display the information and content that you have posted.
LinkedIn is not an archiving service.
You agree that we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you with a copy of any content or information provided by you or third parties, except to the extent required by applicable law and as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
3.3 Other content, sites and applications
Your use of third-party content or information posted on our Services is at your own risk.
Some third parties may offer their products and services through our Services.
We are not responsible for the activities of such third parties.
By using the Services, you may encounter content or information that may be inaccurate, incomplete, late, misleading, illegal, offensive, or otherwise harmful.
In general, LinkedIn does not review content provided by its Members or third parties.
You agree that we are not responsible for third party content or information (including that of other Members).
We cannot always prevent inappropriate use of our Services and you acknowledge that we are not responsible for such use.
You also recognize the risk that you or your organization may be falsely associated with third-party content when we let your connections and followers know that you or your organization have been mentioned in news stories.
Users can make choices regarding this functionality.
LinkedIn can help Members connect by offering their services (professional consultancy, accounting, etc.) with Members seeking services.
LinkedIn does not perform or hire people to perform these services.
You must be at least 18 years old to offer, perform or procure such services.
You acknowledge that LinkedIn does not supervise, direct, control or monitor Members in the performance of such services and you agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for offering, performing or providing such services, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any particular service offered, and (3) nothing will establish a working or collaborative relationship, or joint venture partnership between LinkedIn and Members offering services.
If you are a Member providing services, you represent and warrant that you have all necessary licenses to provide the services in accordance with the Professional Community Policy.
Similarly, LinkedIn may help you register for and/or attend events hosted by Members and connect with other Members attending such events.
You agree that (1) LinkedIn is not responsible for the conduct of any Member or other participants in such events, (2) LinkedIn does not endorse any particular event displayed on our Services, (3) LinkedIn does not verify and/or control any such events, and that (4) you will comply with these terms and conditions that apply to such events.
3.4 Limitations
We have the right to limit how you connect to and interact on our Services.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit, suspend or terminate your account if you are violating this Agreement or the law, or are using the Services improperly (for example, are violating any permitted or prohibited activities or the Information on the professional community).
3.5 Intellectual property rights
We will provide you with notice of our intellectual property rights.
LinkedIn reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the Services.
Trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners.
LinkedIn, the “in” logos, and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.
3.6 Automated processing
We use data and information about you to make relevant suggestions to you and others.
We use the information and data that you provide and that we have about Members to report links, content and features that may be useful to you.
For example, we use data and information about you to notify you of job offers and to refer you to recruiters.
Keeping your profile accurate and up to date helps us make those reports more accurate and relevant.
4.
Limitation of Liability
4.1 No warranty
This is our limitation from any legal liability regarding the quality, safety and reliability of our Services.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES ASSUM NO RESPONSIBILITY OR WARRANTIES FOR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE FOREVER AND ERROR-FREE, AND PROVIDE THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION) “AS IS” AND “AS ACCORDING TO AVAILABILITY".
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, DATA ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
4.2 Disclaimer
These are the limits of legal liability that we may apply.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (AND UNLESS LINKEDIN HAS ENTERED INTO ANOTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT THAT OVERRIDES THIS AGREEMENT), LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION (E.G. OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (E.G., UNAVAILABILITY OF OR LOSS, USE OF, OR CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTACTS), OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY AMOUNT EXCEEDING (A) THE TOTAL FEES, IF ANY, PAID OR PAYABLE TO LINKEDIN FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR ( B) USD 1000.
4.3 Basis of the agreement; exclusions
The limitation of liability in this Section 4 is part of the basis of the agreement between you and LinkedIn and applies to all claims of liability (for example, warranty, tort, negligence, contract and statute) even if LinkedIn or its affiliates have been informed of the possibility of such harm, and whether these actions fail to achieve their essential purpose.
These limitations of liability do not apply to liability for death or personal injury, or for fraud, gross negligence or intentional misconduct, or in case of negligence consisting in the breach of a material obligation, a material obligation which as such creates a prerequisite for the provision of services by us and on which you may rely, but only to the extent that the damages are directly caused by the breach and were foreseeable at the time of entering into this Agreement and to the extent that they are typical within the scope of this Agreement.
5.
Resolution
Either party may terminate this Agreement, but certain rights and obligations will remain in effect.
You and LinkedIn may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing notice to the other party.
Upon termination, you lose your right to access or use the Services.
The following conditions remain in effect after termination:
Our right to use and disclose your comments and suggestions;
The right of Members and/or Visitors to further re-share information and content shared by you through the Services;
Sections 4, 6, 7 and 8.2 of this Agreement;
Any amounts owed by either party prior to termination will remain payable after termination.
You can visit our Help Center to close your account.
6.
Applicable legislation and dispute resolution
In the unlikely event that a legal dispute arises, you and LinkedIn agree to resolve it in the courts of California under California law, or in the courts of Dublin, Ireland under Irish law.
This section will not deprive you of the coverage of the mandatory consumer protection laws of the country in which we offer the Services to you, and in which you habitually reside.
If you reside in the “Designated Countries”: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that Irish law, except in cases of conflict of laws, will exclusively govern all disputes relating to this Agreement and/or the Services.
You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that any claims or disputes may be litigated exclusively in the courts located in Dublin, Ireland, and we both consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Dublin, Ireland.
For those who reside outside of the Designated Countries, including those who live outside the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the State of California, USA, except for its conflicts of law, shall govern any dispute relating to this Agreement and/or the Services.
You and LinkedIn each agree that all claims and disputes may be litigated exclusively in the federal and state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and LinkedIn each consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
7.
General terms
Below are some important details of the Agreement.
If a court with jurisdiction over this Agreement finds any part of this Agreement to be unenforceable, you and we agree that such court must modify its terms and conditions to make that part of the Agreement enforceable and still serve its intended purpose.
If the court cannot do so, you and we agree to ask the court to remove the unenforceable portion and that the remainder of this Agreement will remain in effect.
This Agreement (including any additional terms we may provide when you engage with a feature of the Services) is the sole agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements for the Services.
If we take no action if you violate this Agreement, that does not mean that LinkedIn has waived its right to enforce this Agreement.
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or your membership or use of the Services) to any third party without our consent.
However, you agree that LinkedIn may assign this Agreement to its affiliates or to any party that acquires it without your consent.
There are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
You agree that the only way to send legal notices to us is to do so at the addresses provided in Section 10.
8. “
Allowed Activities” and “Disallowed Activities” on LinkedIn
8.1.
Permitted activities
LinkedIn is a community of professionals.
This list of “allowed and disallowed activities,” along with our Professional Community Policy, limits what you can and cannot do on our Services.
You agree to:
Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws and regulatory requirements;
Provide us with accurate information and keep it up to date;
Use your real name on your profile; And
Use the Services in a professional manner.
8.2 Prohibited activities.
You agree not to:
Create a false identity on LinkedIn, misrepresent your identity, create a User profile for someone other than yourself (a real person), or use or attempt to use someone else's account;
Develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots, or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, or any other technology) to scrape the Services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the Services;
Disable any security features or bypass or circumvent any access controls or usage limitations of the Service (for example, maximum number of keyword searches or profile views);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Services, directly or through third parties (e.g.
search engines), without LinkedIn's consent;
Disclose information that you do not have the right to disclose (e.g.
confidential information of others, including your employer);
Infringe the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights.
For example, do not copy or distribute (other than through the sharing functionality available) other people's posts or other content without their permission, which they may grant by publishing under a Creative Commons license;
Violate the intellectual property or other rights of LinkedIn, including, without limitation, (i) copying or distributing our training videos or other materials or (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless licensed under open licenses source; (iii) use the word “LinkedIn” or our logos in any company name, email or URL except as provided in the Brand Guidelines;
Post any item that contains software containing viruses, worms or any other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher, or otherwise attempt to reverse engineer the source code for the Services or any related technology that is not open source;
Insinuate or claim to be affiliated with or referenced by LinkedIn without our express consent (for example, representing yourself as a LinkedIn-accredited trainer);
Rent, lease, lend, market, sell/resell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data or access thereto, without LinkedIn's prior consent;
Deep-link to our Services for any purpose other than promoting your profile or a Group on our Services, without LinkedIn's consent;
Use bot programs or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages;
Monitor the availability, performance or functionality of the Services for any competitive purpose;
Framing, mirroring, or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services;
Cover or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (for example, by placing items on the Services or by removing, covering or obscuring an advertisement included on the Services);
Interfere with the operation of the Services or use an unreasonable load of data on them (for example, spam, denial of service (DoS) attack, viruses, game algorithms); and/or
Violate the Professional Community Policy or any additional terms relating to a specific Service provided to you when you register or begin using that Service, as well as the Bing Maps terms where applicable.
9.
Content Complaints
Contact information for compliance with content provided by our Users.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
We require that information posted by Members is accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties.
We provide a policy and procedure for making complaints about content posted by our Members.
10.
How to contact us
Our contact information.
Our Help Center also provides information about our Services.
For any general questions, you can contact us online.
For legal notices or service of documents, you can write to us at these addresses.
