MyHeritage - Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions were last updated on April 18, 2020.
If you have not checked them since that date, we encourage you to do so now.
The Italian translation of our Terms and Conditions reported below does not constitute the binding version.
It is provided as a convenience for informational purposes only.
The English version of the Terms and Conditions is the legally binding version.
Welcome to MyHeritage
MyHeritage is an online service that allows its members to create family sites and profiles in order to create and print their family trees, share family photos, keep in touch with family members, take DNA tests, receive genetic analysis for genealogy and health, participate in scientific studies and research your family history with the help of advanced research tools (the "Service").
The Service is owned and operated by MyHeritage Ltd. (
hereinafter simply "MyHeritage", 'we' or 'our').
'You' or 'your' means an adult user of the Service, over the age of 13 (in some countries the minimum age is 14, see the "Users under 13 or 14" section below ).
Any use of the Service and/or the MyHeritage Website (the "Website") is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms and Conditions.
Please read them carefully, as by using the Website you undertake to comply with them and to enter into an agreement with us in accordance with them (this "Agreement"), whether or not you sign up to MyHeritage as a member ("Member" ).
The MyHeritage website (the “Website”) is part of a group of sites that we own and operate (the “MyHeritage Website Group”) that includes other MyHeritage websites.*
on other top-level domains, and Geni.com.
This Agreement applies to any use of the Service, including but not limited to: a) submitting samples for DNA extraction and processing, b) digitally uploading genetic information exported by others DNA services, c) receiving and interacting with genetic genealogy analysis provided by the Website (the "DNA Genealogy Services"); d) receiving, consulting and interacting with genetic analysis for health (the "DNA for Health Services"); and finally e) the download of your raw DNA data (collectively referred to as the “DNA Services”).
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, the Service also includes DNA Services for all aspects of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Agreement, please do not use the Service and the Website.
We reserve the right to change any of the following provisions at any time, at our discretion, and any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website.
You agree to be bound by any changes to this Agreement if you continue to use the Service after such changes are posted.
Service
MyHeritage Family Sites
MyHeritage allows its members to create and publish content within MyHeritage family sites, and allows them to control and limit the access of other users of the MyHeritage Website Group to such content.
Given the nature of the service, please carefully select the information you wish to publish on the MyHeritage family sites, and refrain from publishing any illegal or inappropriate content.
We do not edit or monitor content posted by users, but we reserve the right to remove any content that comes to our attention that, in our opinion, constitutes a violation of this Agreement.
By way of example and without limitation, below are some of the contents that you must refrain from publishing, transmitting, sending or otherwise making available through the Service or in connection with it:
Photographs or other materials containing nudity, sexuality, pornography, obscenity, vulgarity and/or any other offensive content.
Any content that may violate or jeopardize the privacy of others, including members of the same family tree.
Our Service allows users to establish specific privacy settings regarding names, dates, email addresses and other personally identifiable information.
Please make use of these settings and respect the privacy of others.
Photographs or email addresses of living people (other than yourself), if published without the individual's consent.
Any information relating to minors or children capable of identifying them, their personal data or addresses or other means of communication with them, without the explicit consent of the parent or guardian.
Any content that you do not own or have the right to use.
Any content that violates or restricts the property or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks.
We are extremely sensitive to respecting the copyrights and intellectual property rights of others.
Please note that the contents, including photographs, even if they come from a site of which you are a member, belong to their respective creators or those who published them, and may not be reproduced without the owner's consent.
Any content that is obscene, indecent, defamatory, offensive, illegal, degrading, abusive, deceptive, inaccurate, false, malicious, harassing, threatening, or incites racial, religious or ethnic hatred.
Any content which is likely to cause alarm, annoyance, anxiety, embarrassment, offense or danger to any person.
Any content that may damage a legal proceeding of which the user is aware; that is against the law or that promotes or facilitates illegal activities.
Any computer virus or other malicious or dangerous code.
Any content that violates our Privacy Policy.
It's forbidden:
Impersonate another person or misrepresent your identity or status in any other way.
Introduce yourself as an employee or representative of MyHeritage Ltd.
or any of its subsidiaries.
Perform acts of stalking, harassing or maintaining regular or persistent contact with other users without their consent or encouragement, or after such consent or encouragement has expressly or implicitly ceased.
Send commercial email, spam email, bulk unsolicited email, or any other email that may harass the recipient(s).
Use our Website or Service in a way that damages our name or reputation.
Restrict or inhibit any other person from using or using this website or service.
Exploit for commercial purposes any part of our website, or the use of or access to it.
Engage in activities that require any form of payment from members and/or users of the Family Sites or any other areas of the MyHeritage Site.
Promote or offer for sale any products or services, unless this is expressly permitted by us and by law (in which case you must comply with any further terms we set out relating to such activities).
Place direct links on our website or service to third-party sites outside of the MyHeritage Website Group.
Unless you have received our express prior consent, you may not electronically copy or store all or part of our website or its contents, nor make available, distribute, sell or offer for sale all or part of our website or its contents. content, or systematically download content and data from or through the website to create or augment another database for any purpose.
Extracting, capturing and/or collecting any data or pages from the Site without our express prior written consent is strictly prohibited.
Reselling any MyHeritage products (including, without limitation, MyHeritage DNA Kits) without our express prior written consent is also strictly prohibited.
Purchasing a MyHeritage DNA kit and subsequently reselling it to third parties is strictly prohibited.
Any activity related to the website, which comes to our attention, which may, in our sole discretion, violate applicable law, will be brought to the attention of the relevant authorities.
A MyHeritage family site is a place where members share their content with other members.
This could create conflicts among the members themselves.
The following guidelines must be followed by all MyHeritage members, including you:
Members must obtain permission from living family members before uploading information about themselves to a family site, and in the event of an unauthorized upload, the responsibility lies with the owner of the family site – the member who created it .
If we receive complaints relating to information relating to a person or a close family member published on a family site against the will of the latter, we reserve the right to delete such information from the family site, even if the owner of the site you wish to keep it there.
In the event of a dispute with the member who owns the site, we reserve the right to ban such member and remove him or her from the service at our discretion.
If the Member has a subscription, we will refund the payment to that Member.
A family member's right to request not to appear on a family site prevails over the site owner's right to have him or her appear on a family site.
If you encounter personal information posted by other members on a Family Site or elsewhere on the Website that you wish to have removed, you can submit a request to privacy@myheritage.com and give us one week to review it.
We will first try to resolve the dispute amicably by contacting the owner of the family site who inserted the information or who is responsible for it and giving him time to respond to us.
We will work with the requester to ensure that the information in question is effectively removed from the site.
If necessary, we will also help you remove such information from search engines such as Google, but please note that such removal from Google and other search engines is beyond our control and is not our responsibility.
Copying information or photos from other family sites without the permission of the respective owner is prohibited, and members who contravene this prohibition expose themselves to the risk of being banned from the service at MyHeritage's discretion.
To copy information or photos from external sites or services and publish them on family sites it is necessary to have obtained the prior consent of the owners of such material.
Inviting other members to a family site, or accepting their request to join, will give those members access to the family site, and they may copy parts of it.
In this case, the responsibility lies with the owner of the family site, or the member who made the invitation or who accepted the request to participate, and not with MyHeritage.
If an invitation is forwarded or accepted in error, the owner of the family site may remove that member from the family site and revoke their access to it.
Basic family sites are open to visitors, but details of living members of the family tree, with the exception of just their name, are obscured.
To optimize privacy, the owner can make photo albums or the entire site private, and deactivate the Smart Matching™ function for family trees.
Smart Matching™ is a discovery service that searches for matches to your family tree, but this benefit comes with a privacy drawback: owners of other family sites can see the parts of your family tree that have a correspondence with theirs (with the exception of non-common living people, who will remain obscured).
If this is bothering you, you should disable the Smart Matching™ feature by clicking on "My Privacy" in the drop-down menu in the top right corner of the website, then clicking on "Contents" under the name of your tree, deselecting the "Enable Smart Matching™" function and finally clicking on the "Save" button.
By leaving the Smart Matching™ feature turned on for your family tree, you assume responsibility for other members being able to see part of your family tree.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse, fail to post or remove any content posted by users and/or on any family site, or to limit, suspend or permanently exclude access to all or any part of the site website and/or service at any time, for any reason or knowingly, with or without notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise.
We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse, fail to post or remove any Family Site at any time, for any reason or purposely, with or without notice, and without liability, financial or otherwise, if We believe that the family site violates this agreement in any way.
Once you upload or post content to the Website, including family trees and photographs, it may become accessible to all visitors to the Website or to one of the MyHeritage Website Group sites, depending on the accessibility settings you choose .
Depending on these accessibility settings, users of other sites may be able to view, copy, download, store, modify or delete certain content you post.
You agree that other users may have access to your Family Site and may add or remove material to, or otherwise modify your Family Site.
The information published will be viewable and available for search, viewing or listening by third parties.
The user has the right to remove content previously published on the website; however, if a copy of it has been downloaded or otherwise stored by a third party, it may still be publicly viewable.
Other users may contact you through our website about content you upload.
We may send you an email notification when you receive a new message on our site.
You can change your email settings in the "Settings" section of the "Inbox" area if you prefer not to receive this notice.
Servizi DNA
This section is dedicated to DNA Services, including, among others, ordering a MyHeritage DNA kit, shipping DNA samples to us, the acceptable use of such samples, DNA markers, nucleotides, mutations or haplogroups (“DNA Results”) extracted from them or uploaded by you to the Website, as well as the results of genetic genealogy analysis of the DNA Results, which include DNA Matches and Ethnicity Estimate (collectively called the “DNA Genealogy Reports”) and the results of genetic analysis for health of the DNA Results which include the Genetic Risk Report and the Carrier Status Report (collectively called the "DNA Health Reports", and in combination with the Genealogical DNA Reports the "DNA Reports ") and your rights, obligations and limitations regarding your use of the DNA Services.
Please note that to use the DNA Services you must register on the site as a member, but it is not necessary to take out a subscription.
Use of the DNA Services is subject to this Agreement and MyHeritage's Privacy Policy.
DNA Genealogy Services are currently unavailable to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon, and Syria ("DNA Genealogy Services Restricted Locations").
DNA health services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, France, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the states of Rhode Island, New Jersey, and New York, as well as Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("Restricted Locations for DNA Health Services").
By authorizing the DNA Services, submitting a DNA sample for testing, or uploading or transferring DNA results to the Website, you represent that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and not a resident of the Restricted Locations for DNA genealogy services and/or Restricted Locations for DNA healthcare services, respectively, listed above, and you agree that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Agreement and to be bound by the collection and to our use of the DNA sample and DNA results, and to our calculation and provision of the applicable DNA Reports.
Furthermore, you represent that any DNA sample provided by you and any information transferred or uploaded by you that associates an individual with your DNA results is either your DNA or, solely with respect to the use of the Genealogy Services of the DNA, the DNA of a person for whom you are a legal guardian or have obtained legal authorization to provide us with your DNA.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, use of the DNA Services for law enforcement purposes, forensic examinations, criminal investigations, cold case investigations, identification of unknown deceased persons, locating relatives of deceased persons using DNA from cadavers and/ or any similar purposes, is strictly prohibited, unless a court order is obtained.
It is our policy to protect our customers' privacy from judicial investigations.
All of these provisions apply to both DNA tests produced through our DNA testing services, DNA tests shared with us by direct upload to the site by users, the transfer of data from another DNA testing service DNA, or any other way in which users can provide us with their DNA information.
By submitting DNA samples to MyHeritage, you give MyHeritage permission to directly or indirectly extract DNA from the sample, to perform genetic analysis of the DNA using technologies currently available or to be developed in the future, to disclose the results of the tests carried out by providing the user with the respective DNA Reports and, solely with regard to the DNA Genealogy Reports, also to other subjects authorized by the user and to archive the samples for any further genetic analysis (for example, to provide tests of DNA or a more precise and detailed DNA report, and other results through further genetic analyzes that may be performed in the future, subject to explicit approval of the user) and to allow the user to download the DNA tests, always and in any case at conditions and in accordance with this agreement and the privacy policy.
The user declares to be aware that when downloading the DNA tests: 1) such download creates a copy which ceases to be protected by the MyHeritage security and privacy system; 2) such download and subsequent storage of his DNA tests must be carried out under his responsibility; and 3) MyHeritage will cease to have any control over the DNA tests you download and will not be liable to you or any third party in connection with such downloading and/or retention.
We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, DNA results and/or genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained in the DNA Reports.
Any genetic genealogy and genetic health information obtained from DNA samples, which emerges from DNA tests and/or appears in the DNA report, continues to belong to the person from whom the sample originates, and is subject only to the rights granted to MyHeritage under this agreement.
Furthermore, by submitting DNA samples and/or tests to us, you understand that you do not acquire any rights to any research or commercial products that we may develop that may be related to your DNA.
We will, upon your request, destroy the DNA sample you provided.
To request the destruction of your DNA sample, please contact us using the contact details in the "Contact" section below.
Furthermore, each user can, at any time, delete their DNA tests and reports from the site using the delete function from the "Manage DNA kit" page, or by requesting MyHeritage customer support service to take care of it on the user's behalf.
By submitting DNA samples to us and/or uploading DNA tests to our site, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide license to use your DNA sample solely for the purposes of the Genealogy Services of DNA, DNA tests and the resulting DNA report, as well as any DNA sample and/or DNA results submitted by you that originate from individuals who have granted you legal authorization as described in this section, as well as the resulting DNA reports, to the minimum extent necessary to allow us to provide the service to you.
This license is not perpetual, as it can be revoked at any time by permanently deleting your DNA tests and reports from the site and requesting that your DNA samples be destroyed.
By accepting this Agreement, you release us from any refund, claim, action or proceeding related to DNA testing, DNA samples, DNA testing and/or DNA reporting, including, but not limited to and not limited to, those for errors, omissions, claims for slander, for violation of privacy, rights of publicity, mental suffering or economic damage.
This section continues to be in force in the relationship between the parties even after the user has ceased to use the website or DNA services.
You confirm that your submission of a DNA sample is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside.
He also declares that he accepts that he has the power, under the laws of the State or jurisdiction in which he resides, to make the declarations referred to in this agreement and expressly waives the application of any law or regulation relating to DNA samples , DNA tests and/or reports and their archiving of your State or jurisdiction of residence.
You agree to have DNA samples stored in the United States as provided in this Agreement.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, block, refuse to post or remove any DNA reports and/or DNA tests provided by you or us following the processing of your DNA sample , or to limit, suspend or permanently terminate this agreement or preclude your access to all or part of the DNA services at any time, for any reason or deliberately, with or without notice, and without any liability, without prejudice to the reimbursement of any amount spent on the purchase of the DNA MyHeritage kit through our channels.
Eligibility
Use and subscription to DNA services are not valid in locations where such services are prohibited.
Only users who are over the age of eighteen (18) and legally capable of entering into a valid contract with us are permitted to use the DNA Services.
Please do not use the services. By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent and warrant that (a) the DNA sample and/or DNA Results you submit belong to you or, solely in connection with the DNA Genealogy Services, to someone for whom you have legal authority to share the DNA sample and/or Results; (b) is eighteen (18) years of age or older; and (c) your use of the DNA Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If a minor uses the DNA Genealogy Services, that minor's parent or guardian will be held responsible for the minor's actions.
If, solely for the purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services, you submit a DNA sample of a minor, you must be the parent or legal guardian of the minor and provide written confirmation of this in a format deemed acceptable to us, if requested before DNA Results and DNA Genealogy Reports are provided for the child in question.
If you have reason to believe that you have a contagious disease, disease or infectious condition, please do not send us your sample until such disease, disease or condition has been cured or has ceased to be contagious.
We reserve the right not to process your DNA sample, delete your DNA tests and reports, and terminate your membership without notice if we believe you have violated this Agreement or any part of it.
Termination of the relationship
This section applies to DNA services currently being used or used in the past.
You may remove DNA tests associated with your account at any time, for any reason, from the profile to which they were uploaded by us or by you.
We reserve the right to remove your DNA tests and/or report and/or terminate your membership at any time, without notice.
Even after registration ends, the ownership rights established by this agreement remain intact.
Non-commercial use by members
The DNA Services are intended for the personal, private and informational use of members only, and may not be used for commercial or research purposes, unless this has been the subject of a written request and has been expressly approved by us.
Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the DNA Services, including the collection of DNA tests and/or reports, is prohibited.
We reserve the right to protect and enforce all rights associated with the DNA services we offer.
Ownership Rights in Content
to. We do not claim any ownership rights in the DNA samples, underlying DNA results, or any DNA results submitted by you through the DNA Services, as well as the genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained within the Reports. on DNA.
After you upload your DNA tests to the Website or send us a DNA sample, you continue to own the sample, the relevant DNA tests, and the genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained in your DNA report, and retains the right to use it as he wishes.
By submitting a DNA sample to us and/or uploading DNA tests to the Website, you grant, represent and warrant that you have the right to submit such material to MyHeritage to use, modify, publish and create derivative works thereof, solely through and through the DNA Services for commercial and non-commercial purposes, and for the business of MyHeritage (and its successors and affiliates, if any).
b. DNA Services include DNA tests and DNA reports of users, members and other licensors.
With the exception of content uploaded by the user themselves, or unless expressly permitted by a user's privacy settings, copying, modifying, translating, publishing, broadcasting, transmitting, distributing, performing, displaying, or selling any content therein is prohibited. on the site or accessible through it and/or the DNA services.
DNA samples and DNA tests; DNA reports
You are fully responsible for the DNA samples you submit to MyHeritage and the DNA tests you submit to the DNA Services, as well as for any materials or information you transmit to us or our members, and for all interactions with other users.
MyHeritage does not control or endorse any actions resulting from your participation in DNA-related services.
Accordingly, MyHeritage expressly assumes no liability in connection with any actions arising from your participation in DNA-related services.
We make no warranties, express or implied, regarding DNA tests and reports, as well as the accuracy, reliability, comprehensiveness, completeness, quality, currency, infallibility, compatibility, security or fitness for purpose of the DNA website or services or of the DNA report.
By using the DNA Services, you understand that you may learn unexpected information from your DNA tests and reports that may arouse strong emotions and that may alter your life and worldview.
You may discover things about yourself that may upset you and that you may not have the ability to control or change (for example, that your father is not genetically your father, or his ethnicity is not what you thought it was, or surprising facts related to his ancestry), or that he has a higher than average risk of developing an incurable condition such as Alzheimer's disease).
Once such information is obtained, the knowledge is irrevocable.
We encourage you to assume that the information we may provide to you, either now or as genetic research progresses, will be welcome or positive.
Such findings could have some social, legal or economic consequences.
You understand that your use of the DNA Services and receipt of resulting DNA reports may have significant implications not only for you, but also for your immediate family or other family members, as they share part of the same DNA.
If you are concerned about any of these potential consequences, please DO NOT USE the DNA services.
Genetic information that you share with other people could be used against your interests.
We therefore need to be careful when sharing them with others.
Even if you share genetic information (such as DNA results and/or DNA health reports) that currently has limited or no meaning, that information may mean something in the future as new information is made. discoveries.
In the future, businesses or insurance companies may request this information.
The Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) was passed in the United States in 2008, and some, but not all, states and countries have legislation that protects individuals regarding their genetic information.
We recommend that you consult with an attorney to understand the legal protection of your genetic information before sharing it with anyone.
If you export your MyHeritage DNA Health analysis data and upload it to a third-party service for health analysis, you may be exposed to some genetic information not reported on MyHeritage, which MyHeritage has not validated.
MyHeritage is not responsible for this information, as DNA data may be mislabeled for certain variants.
Exporting your DNA data from MyHeritage and subsequently uploading it to a third-party service is done at your own risk.
More information on DNA health services
You are only authorized to use DNA Health Services if you are at least 18 years of age.
Health Questionnaire
Before we provide DNA health reports, we will collect some self-reported information about your family medical history and your family members through a questionnaire (the Health Questionnaire Information and the Health Questionnaire, respectively). ).
The Health Questionnaire Information will allow us to determine the individual's eligibility for some or all DNA health reporting (the creation and/or transfer of which, in rare cases, may be denied) and, if the user is eligible for some or all DNA health reports, this Health Questionnaire information may also allow us to more easily disseminate and communicate the reports to you.
To this end, it is necessary to complete the Health Questionnaire in its entirety.
Before including information relating to others in the Health Questionnaire, it is necessary to obtain the consent of the interested parties.
Health Questionnaire Information will be stored and used in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
New questions and topics can be added to the Health Questionnaire if new information is needed to update DNA health reports or create new ones.
In this case, the user may receive an email regarding this.
You have the option to delete or modify Health Questionnaire Information by contacting Customer Service.
Please read the Privacy Policy for more information.
Genetics is only part of the big picture
DNA health reports provide genetic risk information based on the evaluation of specific genetic variants, but do not report the entire genetic profile.
DNA health reports do not detect all genetic variants related to a given disease, and the absence of a tested variant does not exclude the presence of other genetic variants that may be related to the disease.
Furthermore, for most diseases, the genes we know are responsible for only part of the overall risk.
Other factors, such as environment and lifestyle, can influence the risk of developing a particular disease and, depending on the condition, may be more important predictive factors.
If the data indicates that you are not at high genetic risk for a disease or condition, the situation still requires caution.
The opposite is also true: if the data indicates a high genetic risk for a disease or condition, this does not mean that the user will necessarily develop that disease or condition.
All DNA health report results must be confirmed and supplemented by additional testing and medical and clinical information.
Don't rely solely on DNA reports for health
The DNA Health Services are not intended to independently diagnose, prevent, or treat a disease or condition, or provide you with any information about your current health status in the absence of medical and clinical information, or be used to take medical decisions, including whether to take medications and their dosage.
Additionally, you may need to obtain additional services from your doctor, genetic counselor, or other healthcare provider in order to obtain more accurate results for the conditions or conditions listed in your DNA health reports.
DNA Health Services do not include medical advice or assistance, are not intended to constitute a medical practice provided by MyHeritage, or create a patient-healthcare provider relationship between MyHeritage and you.
DNA Health Services are for research, informational and educational purposes only.
Use of any information provided as part of the DNA for Health services (including potentially actionable information that may be identified based on DNA for Health reports and scientific literature or research) is solely at the risk of the 'user.
DNA Health Reports are not a substitute for visits to a physician or other health care professional, professional medical advice, diagnosis, counseling or treatment by your physician or other qualified health care provider who is capable of examining your health status in general context of medical management.
If you have any concerns or doubts arising from DNA health reports or questions regarding the diagnosis, cure, treatment, alleviation or prevention of any disease or other medical condition, or harm to your health and/or general health status, you are You should consult your doctor or other healthcare provider.
Genetic research is not exhaustive and continues to progress
Please note that many of the genetic discoveries that may appear in DNA health reports have not been clinically validated, and the technology we use (the same as the one used by the scientific community) has not yet been used widely for clinical testing.
Additionally, due to technical variations in our testing device, some DNA health reports or some variations in a specific report may not be available to you.
The risk presented per variant may be calculated based on ethnic groups that do not match or are not relevant to your ethnicity and therefore do not accurately reflect the risk to you.
In the future, the scientific community may demonstrate that previous research is incomplete or inaccurate; Future scientific research could change the interpretation of DNA results.
As scientific knowledge advances, our DNA health reporting may change and reflect different results in the future.
For example, we could modify the set of variations believed to be part of the user's genetic predisposition for a specific pathology.
Additionally, we may assign different values ​​or classes to these variations, so variations that are harmful now will be classified as benign in the future and will change the DNA health report.
Another example: we can change the estimated risk level for a certain disease.
We may also add conditions or diseases after receiving your DNA health reports, in addition to the conditions and diseases listed on the pre-purchase pages when ordering the reports.
Other companies that offer a genetic risk test may detect different genetic variants for the same disease, so you may get different results using a test from a different company.
We may also use various mathematical tools and statistical frameworks to evaluate the presence of a change and/or level of risk.
We reserve the right to update DNA Health reports based on new information, data or scientific discoveries.
We also reserve the right to notify you of any changes to your DNA Health Report.
Some people may feel anxious about receiving genetic health results.
This is normal.
In this case, we recommend that you speak with your doctor or other healthcare provider before providing your DNA sample for DNA Health Services.
We encourage you to speak with a genetic counselor, a health professional with special training in genetic conditions, and/or a board-certified clinical medical geneticist, before providing your DNA sample, to learn more and so that you can make an informed decision regarding DNA testing.
Please note that DNA results and/or DNA Health Reports that you choose to share with your doctor or other healthcare provider may become part of your medical record and, thereby, become accessible to other healthcare providers in the future and/or insurance companies.
If an insurance company asks you whether you learned about your health condition through genetic information and you do not disclose that information, this may be considered fraud.
Our laboratory is licensed in Texas as a clinical laboratory, but not all states or countries require our DNA health services to be licensed.
Therefore, we are not universally authorized by all state, federal, or international authorities for genetic testing conducted for health and disease-related purposes.
Additionally, in some states or countries we do not offer our DNA health services because we do not have the necessary licenses.
For processing orders from customers residing in the United States, a doctor's order is required to process and issue DNA health reports to customers.
We work with an independent network of physicians and genetic counselors, PWNHealth, LLC (www.pwnhealth.com) (“PWNHealth”), to provide medical oversight of the MyHeritage DNA Health analysis.
For the purposes of PWNHealth's review by a physician and genetic counselor, your personal information, including health questionnaire information, DNA results, and DNA Health Reports, will be shared confidentially with PWNHealth.
The PWNHealth service fee is collected by MyHeritage on behalf of PWNHealth and is included in the total price of DNA health services.
The MyHeritage DNA Salute assay has not been cleared or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
The FDA does not require this test to undergo FDA review prior to marketing.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and third parties acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, from any loss , liability, claim or demand, including any reasonable attorneys' fees, made due to or arising out of your use of or access to the DNA Services and any implications of such use.
Data usage
Members or those who otherwise use the Website and/or the DNA Genealogy Services may use another member's DNA Genealogy Reports solely to the extent permitted by that member's privacy settings and limited to the Reports. of DNA Genealogy designated as available to other members.
If you collect and/or advertise DNA Results and/or DNA Reports on a different website or application or otherwise use them outside of the DNA Services, please note that DNA Results DNA and/or DNA Reports will be used in accordance with the terms and policies of such other websites and/or applications and that such use is solely at your own risk.
Privacy and Security
For details on our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Policy
Limitation of Liability
Without limiting the contents of the “Limitation of Liability” subsection below (under the “Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Compensation” section), it is brought to your attention that the DNA Services are operated in our facilities in the United States United.
We make no representation that the DNA Services are appropriate or available for use in other countries.
Those who access or use DNA services from other jurisdictions do so at their own discretion, and are responsible to their local law.
Other areas of the website
As a member, you have the ability to post content in other areas of the site, such as the support forum.
You can also post comments under content posted by other users.
We reserve the right to remove any content or posted items that we believe violates this Agreement in any way, in our sole discretion, with or without notice, and without liability, financial or otherwise.
MyHeritage Backup Service
MyHeritage provides an optional data backup service, available upon paid subscription.
Such Backup Service is subject to this Agreement, as well as additional terms and conditions specific to the Backup Service.
Limited use license
You are granted a license to use the Service for your personal use only, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement (the "License").
The service is not intended for and does not grant a license for any commercial use.
We reserve the right to eliminate all or part of the service at any time.
Downloading all or part of, or any features, as well as any public areas of the Service is strictly prohibited.
Republishing the content of public areas online or in any other form is prohibited.
Violation of this license may result in immediate termination of your membership and may result in legal action for injunctive relief, damages and/or any other form of relief.
The use of the service and any other software provided by the service is permitted online only and it is not permitted to download, copy, reuse or distribute such software, unless it is expressly indicated that such software is intended for offline use and that the license for this use it is provided together with the software.
Copyright
With the exception of the DNA Services, as noted above, by posting content to the Website you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive license to host, copy, publish and distribute such content.
The integration of MyHeritage matches with our partners such as RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie does not include the publication of content.
Matching information provided to us by our partners' software and websites will never be used for any purpose other than matching, and will never be published, sold or licensed by us to any third party.
We do not receive any license to this information, and it is collected by us and then automatically deleted after matching is calculated.
Our partners' users may receive notifications of Smart Matches (family tree matches) with our users, but these matches are not bi-directional: our users will not receive Smart Matches notifications with our partners' users, and they will not they will be able to view their data.
All content published on the Website, with the exception of user-posted content, DNA tests, DNA samples and genetic information contained in DNA reports, is owned by us or by third parties who have granted us credit for it. a limited license.
Content posted on Family Sites is the property of the person who created it, is under the control of the administrator of the Family Site on which it is posted, and is hosted by us in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
MyHeritage is protected by copyright under the United States and Israeli copyright laws, international conventions, and other applicable copyright laws.
You may not modify the application code by enhancing or modifying our software and application in any way.
You may not undertake, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, dismantling or hacking of any of our applications, any of the downloadable components, or any other part of the same.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA")
Our policy is to respond to clear complaints of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA").
The DMCA protects copyright owners who believe that material is appearing on the Internet that infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law.
To learn more about the DMCA, visit the U.S. website. Copyright Office at https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf.
If you are a copyright owner, or their agent, and believe in good faith that any content on the Website infringes your copyright, you may submit a DMCA complaint to our Copyright Agent by post to: Copyright Agent for Notice, Attention: Legal Department, MyHeritage, PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel, or by email to: copyright@myheritage.com.
Complaints must comply with applicable regulatory requirements under the DMCA at the time they are filed.
Please include the following information in your complaint:• A physical or digital signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is claimed to be infringed by the material(s).
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, if a single notification relates to multiple copyrighted works contained on the Website, a sample list of such works.
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be inhibited, and information reasonably sufficient to permit MyHeritage to locate the material (provide the URL is the best way to help us locate the content quickly).
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit MyHeritage to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
• A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner described in the complaint is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party has the authority to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is claimed to be infringed.
If you are unsure whether you own the rights to a particular work or whether the material that you claim constitutes infringement, please consult an attorney or other advisor, as MyHeritage cannot provide legal advice.
Please note: The DMCA provides penalties for false claims.
Marketing of our Services
By signing up for the Service, you agree to our use of your contact details to offer you MyHeritage products or services that complement the products or services you initially requested from us.
Such promotional offers may be made by email, telephone or direct mail.
If you do not want to receive commercial offers by email, you can do so at any time using the unsubscribe link indicated in the email or by setting your Email Preferences.
Go to the Email Preferences section in our Privacy Policy.
If you do not want to receive commercial offers via telephone or direct mail, please contact us at privacy@myheritage.com or mention this request when speaking to a MyHeritage representative.
Fee and payments
Subscriptions
MyHeritage offers paid subscription plans in addition to the basic free site access, which include: the Premium Family Site Plan, the PremiumPlus Family Site Plan, the Data Plan, and the Full Plan.
All subscriptions renew automatically to ensure continuity of service.
This means that, once you become a subscribed member, your subscription will be automatically renewed and we will proceed to charge the corresponding amounts for the entire duration of your subscription, using your chosen payment method, unless you make deactivate or cancel your subscription by following the instructions in this agreement.
Per US law, paid subscription plans and purchases are currently not available to residents of the following countries: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon, and Syria.
All physical and shipping-related goods purchased by us are subject to a contract of carriage.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items falls on the buyer from the time of delivery of such items to the carrier.
1.
Renewal opt-out option
You have the right to choose not to renew your subscriptions by logging in and going to the My Purchases page (choose the relevant plan, click on "View details" and then on "Stop annual renewal") or by calling MyHeritage at +1-844-994-1888 (toll-free in the United States; see the Contact Us page for available phone numbers in other countries).
If you do not notify us that you wish to terminate your subscription at least one day before the end of your current subscription period, payment for the next renewal will still be made.
2.
Free trial
Free trial subscriptions will only be charged at the end of that trial period.
You can cancel a free trial subscription at any time during the trial period by going to your My Purchases page, without being charged.
On this page, click on "Data Subscriptions" or "Full Subscriptions", then on "See details" and finally choose the "End free trial now" option for the selected subscription.
In order to start a free trial, you must provide your billing details.
When you provide them and accept the Terms and Conditions, you authorize MyHeritage to automatically charge you for the annual recurring paid subscription starting when your free trial ends.
Visa cardholders will be notified by email seven days before the free trial ends.
3.
Refund Policy
Customer satisfaction is important to MyHeritage, which is why we offer a thirty (30) day money back guarantee.
If the user is not satisfied with the plan subscribed to, he can request a full refund by contacting Customer Support within thirty (30) days of signing up for the subscription.
The money back guarantee applies to MyHeritage subscriptions (Premium, PremiumPlus, Data or Full), and not to shipped products, such as MyHeritage DNA kits and family tree posters.
All refunds will be made using the same payment method used for the original purchase.
Please allow a reasonable amount of time for your refund to be credited.
4.
Prices Subject to Change
Prices may be changed by MyHeritage from time to time.
For information on current prices, please see the price list.
Additional taxes and customs charges may apply to prices, depending on the country in which you reside.
Following each payment, MyHeritage will send you an email with the purchase details and the amount charged.
​5.
Renewal of subscriptions at a fixed price
Subscriptions purchased with a price lock guarantee (“Price Lock Subscriptions”) will renew at the same price at which they were originally purchased.
Any changes to subscription prices will not affect the cost of renewing a Price Locked Subscription.
If you have a Price Locked Subscription, as long as you keep it active, you will always be charged the same locked price when you renew annually.
If, however, you terminate a Price Locked Subscription by canceling its renewal and let it expire, you will no longer have the guarantee of being able to repurchase it in the future at the same price.
Payment for DNA Services
If not already registered, you will be required to register with MyHeritage when ordering a DNA kit.
Registration is free.
You will need to retain your login credentials to view your DNA tests and reports on the website.
1.
Substitutions
If any of the following circumstances occur, you are welcome to contact us using the contact details listed in the "Contact" section below, and we will send a new replacement DNA kit to the address registered at the time of purchase, without additional costs:
The DNA kit has not arrived at your address within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase.
The DNA kit did not arrive at our laboratories within thirty (30) days from the date of shipment by the user.
The DNA kit received is damaged.
2.
Cancellations and Refunds
If you decide to cancel your DNA kit order before the DNA sample has been received by our laboratory, you are entitled to a refund.
To cancel your order and request a refund, you will need to contact us using the contact details indicated in the "Contacts" section below.
The refund will include the cost of the DNA test kit, but not shipping costs, customs fees or import taxes.
All refunds will be made using the same payment method used for the original purchase.
Please allow a reasonable amount of time for your refund to be credited.
No refund can be given for DNA kits that are already being analyzed in our laboratory or for which analyzes have already been completed.
Once a DNA sample is taken to our laboratory and accepted, the entire cost of the DNA kit becomes non-refundable.
Please note that scientific procedures may sometimes be delayed for various reasons.
Analysis times may vary depending on the laboratory workload or the quality of the biological sample.
The date indicated for the results is a simple prediction, and does not constitute a guarantee of delivery.
3.
Repeat DNA analysis following failed laboratory procedure
The laboratory may not be able to process your sample, and the laboratory procedure may produce errors.
If the analysis of your DNA sample fails, we will send you a new DNA test kit at no additional cost so you can get a new DNA sample from us.
The DNA analysis kit will be sent to the address registered at the time of purchase.
While processing procedures meet our high standards, a small, unknown fraction of the data generated during the laboratory procedure may be uninterpretable or incorrect (“Laboratory Errors”).
Since the possibility of such an occurrence is known in advance, users are not entitled to refunds when such Laboratory Errors occur.
4.
Prices Subject to Change
Prices can be changed by MyHeritage at any time.
Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Compensation
Disclaimers
to. Under no circumstances, to the fullest extent authorized by applicable law, are MyHeritage and its officers, agents, representatives, employees, licensors and associates liable for any incorrect or inaccurate information in connection with the Service, whether caused by users of the Website, by members, our advertisers or business partners, or any equipment or programming connected to or used in the operation of the Website or Services.
MyHeritage is not responsible for any consequences related to DNA tests and/or DNA reports, whether correct or incorrect.
b. MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any Members or other users of the Website.
Under no circumstances, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, will we be liable for any loss or damage, including loss of data or information, physical injury, or death, or privacy implications, that arise from any person's use of the Website or the Service, from any information published on the Website or communicated to Members or other users, or from any interactions between Members or other users of the Website, whether online or offline.
c. The information, products and services contained in the Service and the Website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
The information is periodically updated and modified.
d. MyHeritage is not responsible for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, deficiency, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft, destruction, alteration of, or unauthorized access to member or user communications; and is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunctions of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failures of email or accounts due to technical problems or internet traffic congestion or on any site, or any combination thereof.
MyHeritage and its affiliates are not responsible for any damage or injury to the computer equipment of any user of the website, or member, or any other person, relating to or as a result of the use of the website, for viewing, reproduction or downloading any material on the site, or in any case in connection with the service.
And. The Service and the Website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and, unless prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and satisfactory quality, or a guarantee that the website will be available at any particular place or time, without interruption and securely; guarantee that any errors or defects will be corrected; or that the service is free from viruses or other harmful components.
We do not guarantee any specific results through use of the service.
The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, policies, or practices of any such third-party sites.
You expressly release us from any liability arising from your use of third-party sites or services.
We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume any liability for any specific course of action, resources, tests, physicians or other health care providers, drugs, biopharmaceuticals, medical devices or other procedures or opinions, or any products or services advertised or offered by third parties through the Service or any hyperlinked website, or present in any banner or other advertising, or other information that may be mentioned on this website.
We will not be a party to or in any way control any transaction between you and any third-party providers of products or services.
We and our third party providers make no representations about the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the content of the website for any purpose.
In no event will we or our third party suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special or other damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits, loss of data or any other contractual, tort, equitable or equitable damages. or of any other nature, even if advised of this possibility.
f. MyHeritage has the sole discretion to preview, review, review, remove or modify DNA tests or reports.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall MyHeritage (or its third party providers) be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including damages arising out of the use or misuse of the service or any part of it, even if advised of this possibility.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our liability (or that of our third party suppliers) to you or any third party for any reason whatsoever and regardless of the form of action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, to us by you. user for the service during his subscription period.
We assume no responsibility for any (i) errors, oversights, or inaccuracies in the content; (ii) damage to persons or property, of any nature, resulting from access to and use of the service; (iii) unauthorized access to our servers and/or any information contained therein; (iv) any interruption or suspension of transmission from or to the Service; (v) any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses or the like, which may be transmitted by or through the Service; and/or (vi) any loss or damage of any kind caused by your use of the service, whether in warranty, contract, tort or otherwise.
The foregoing limitations of liability apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some of this limitation may not apply to you.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY ASPECT OF OUR SERVICE, OR WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR SOLE AND SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICE.
Allowance
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and third parties acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including any reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or access to the Service, your breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of the foregoing representations or warranties and /or if any information published by you on the website, or otherwise sent to us or received through the service, gives rise to our liability to third parties.
Limitation period in relation to DNA services
You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law), any claim or action arising out of or relating to your use of the DNA Services or this section must be brought within (1) year from the time the cause of such claim or action arose, or will be permanently dismissed.
Additional Terms for Members
1.
Registration and Security
A. During the registration process, you will need to provide an email address, full name and choose a password.
This information must be provided correctly, completely, accurately and up to date.
Violation of this obligation constitutes a breach of this Agreement.
You declare that you are aware that you cannot (i) indicate or use the name or email address of another person for the purpose of stealing their identity; (ii) use another person's name or email address without their consent; (iii) indicate a false year or date of birth; or (iv) use a name or email address that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be inappropriate or offensive.
B. To use the service you must be over 13 years of age, unless the laws of the State in which you reside or from which you use the service provide otherwise (for more information see the section entitled "Users under 13 or 14 years of age " down).
Registration and access to the website constitute a declaration that you are at least 13 years old.
Users under the age of 13 but under the age of 18 will need written consent from a parent or legal guardian to use the Service (see the section titled "Minors" below for more information).
C. You are responsible for any use or activity on the website under your password and for maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
We will not ask you to reveal your password to any of our representatives.
Disclosure of your password to allow third parties to access the website is expressly prohibited and constitutes a violation of this agreement.
Please notify us by emailing us at our primary address or privacy@myheritage.com if you become aware of or suspect any unauthorized use of your subscription, or any other known or suspected breach of security.
Any fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity in any way may result in termination of your subscription, at our sole discretion, and you may be reported to appropriate law enforcement officials.
2.
Changes to this Agreement and the Service
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or the Service at any time.
Service changes will be posted on the website.
If you do not consider reasonable or do not accept any part of this agreement or any changes to the agreement or the service please stop using the service.
Your continued use of the Service now or after any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of the changes, and they become binding.
Please, therefore, carefully check the updated version of the agreement to ensure you are aware of any changes.
When this agreement is substantially modified, the updated label will appear, immediately visible, next to the "Terms of Service" link which refers to this agreement, at the bottom of the service pages.
The updated label will be removed after 30 days, or even sooner if the user visits the terms and conditions page to view it.
3.
Users Under the Permitted Age
With the exception of DNA Services (see the "Eligibility" subsection above within the "DNA Services" section), we require users to be at least 13 years of age to create an account on MyHeritage.
In some jurisdictions, the age limit may be higher.
Providing false information to create an account is always a violation of this Agreement.
This includes accounts registered for children under 13 by adults.
If your child (under 13) has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete it by logging into their account, selecting "Account Settings" from the account menu in the upper right corner of the page, and then clicking "Delete MyHeritage" my account".
If you would like to report an account registered by a child under 13, please email the details to privacy@myheritage.com.
We will promptly delete any accounts of children under 13 that are reported to us.
In most jurisdictions, the Service (excluding the DNA Services) requires users to be at least 13 years of age in order to create an account.
We are committed to creating a global service with uniform standards for everyone, but we must also respect local laws.
In accordance with the laws in force in Spain, Israel and South Korea, we require users living in those countries to be at least 14 years old before creating an account and using the Service (but not the DNA Services).
If your child (under the age of 14) residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea has created an account on MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete it by logging into their account, selecting "Account Settings" from the Account menu in the upper right corner of the page, and finally clicking on "Delete my account".
If you would like to report an account registered by a child under 14 residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea, please email the details to privacy@myheritage.com.
We will immediately delete any accounts of children under the age of 14 residing in Spain, Israel or South Korea that are reported to us.
4.
Minors
With the exception of DNA services (see the previous subsection "Eligibility" within the "DNA Services" section), minors (under 18 years of age) can only use the service after having turned at least 13 years of age (see the previous section on users under the age of 13 or 14), and after having obtained consent from their parents or legal guardian to use the service ("Consent").
Minors who have not obtained such consent cannot use the service until the age of 18.
In some countries, the Service may present a special mandatory parent/guardian consent form when a user identified as a minor signs up for or accesses the Service.
This consent form requires a parent or guardian to enter their full name and email address, and to check certain boxes stating that they are a parent or guardian of the minor, that they agree to this Agreement and the privacy policy of the Service, and to assume responsibility for the minor's use of the Service.
If such a consent form appears, the Service cannot be used until it is completed.
If the user is not a Minor, the form allows the user to declare this and enter the correct year of birth.
Once the consent form is completed and submitted, the Service will document the details of the Consent, but will make no other use of the parent or guardian's information entered into the form.
Disputes and applicable law
This Agreement and any dispute relating to the Service shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and you agree that any legal proceedings relating to the execution, enforcement and/or or enforcement of this Agreement shall be subject to a reservation of jurisdiction in favor of the courts of Tel Aviv, Israel.
You also agree that the service should not be considered a legal entity, and does not give rise to any legal liability towards MyHeritage, either specific or generic, in jurisdictions other than the Israeli one.
In the unlikely event that we have not been able to resolve a dispute with you after attempting an amicable settlement, any claim must be made in your personal capacity, and not as a representative plaintiff or group representative in connection with any collective action or representative proceeding.
You acknowledge that by accepting this Agreement, both parties are waiving the right to participate in class actions.
Indivisible agreement
This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy, the DNA Informed Consent (the "Informed Consent") and any other documents or terms published by MyHeritage on the Website (when applicable), constitutes the indivisible agreement between the user and MyHeritage in connection with the Website and the Service.
Our failure to exercise any right or option under this Agreement and/or informed consent shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or option.
The section titles in this agreement are for convenience only, and have no legal force or contractual effect.
This agreement and/or informed consent operate to the fullest extent permitted by law.
If any provision of this agreement and/or the informed consent is contrary to law, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this agreement and/or the informed consent and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions .
This Agreement, and any rights or licenses granted herein, may not be transferred or assigned to any other party by you, but only by us without restriction.
Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this provision is null and void.
If we provide you with a translation of the English version of this Agreement, the English version will always prevail in the event of a conflict.
Contacts
If you have any questions or concerns about this Agreement, the Website, the Service or any other related matters, you can contact us at the following address or visit our Help Center.
Customer service
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel
https://www.myheritage.com
