https://policy.pinterest.com/it/terms-of-service; Terms of Service
Thank you for using Pinterest.
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of Pinterest's website, apps, application programming interfaces (APIs) and widgets ("Pinterest" or the "Service" ).
Please read these Terms carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
By accessing or using Pinterest, you agree to these Terms, our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy, and our Community Guidelines.
More simply
Each company has its own terms.
These are ours.
1.
Our service
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love.
By tracking your activities on and off the field, we then show you what we think is relevant, interesting and personal to you.
To provide the Service, we need to be able to identify you and your interests.
Sometimes what we show you is sponsored by our advertisers.
Our service also ensures that sponsored content is relevant and interesting to you.
Sponsored content is easily identifiable because it is clearly marked.
More simply
Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love.
It is customized for you.
By knowing what you like, we shape Pinterest to your tastes and interests.
2.
Using Pinterest
to. Who can use Pinterest
You may use Pinterest only if you can legally form a binding contract and only in accordance with these Terms and all applicable laws.
When you create your Pinterest account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information.
You may not use Pinterest if prohibited by US sanctions.
Use or access by persons under the age of 13 is not permitted.
If you reside in the EEA, you may only use Pinterest if you are of legal age to consent to data processing under the laws of your country.
To use Pinterest, you may need to download software to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device.
You agree that the software will be updated automatically and that these Terms will apply to all updates.
b. License we grant to you
Subject to these Terms and our policies (including our Community Guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use our Service.
c. Commercial use of Pinterest
If you plan to use Pinterest for commercial purposes, you must create a business account and agree to our Business Terms of Service.
If you open an account for a company, organization, or other entity, “you” includes you and such entity, and you certify that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms, and to bind the entity to these Terms and you accept these Terms on behalf of the entity.
More simply
You can only use Pinterest if you are over the age of 13 (or older in other countries).
Also, if you use Pinterest for work, you need to create a business account.
3.
Your content
to. Publishing content
Pinterest allows you to post content, including comments, photos, links and other material.
Anything you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is called “User Content.”
You retain all rights to the User Content you post to Pinterest, and you are solely responsible for it.
More simply
The content you publish on Pinterest remains your property.
b. How Pinterest and other users can use your content
You grant Pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works from, perform, and distribute your User Content on Pinterest solely to purpose of intervention, development, provision and use of Pinterest.
Nothing in these Terms will limit any other legal rights Pinterest may have in your User Content, such as under other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or edit your User Content, or change the way it is used on Pinterest, for any reason.
The foregoing includes User Content that we believe violates these Terms, the Community Guidelines, or any other policies.
More simply
We may show content you post on Pinterest to other users, who may save your content.
Don't post pornographic or spammy content or harass others on Pinterest.
c. Content retention time
After you terminate or deactivate your account, or if you remove User Content from Pinterest, we may retain such User Content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.
Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, pin, modify, create derivative works from, perform, and distribute your User Content that other users have stored or shared through Pinterest.
More simply
If you choose to post content, you give us permission to use it to provide the Service and improve Pinterest.
Copies of content you share with others may remain even after you delete the content from your account.
d. Your feedback
The opinion of our users is very important to us and we are always ready to listen to them to make Pinterest better and better.
If you decide to submit comments, ideas or feedback, you agree that we may use them without restriction or compensation to you.
By accepting your submission of the foregoing, Pinterest does not waive any rights to use similar or related feedback previously known to Pinterest or developed through its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
More simply
We can use your suggestions to improve Pinterest.
4.
Copyright Policy
Pinterest has adopted and implemented the Pinterest Copyright Policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable copyright laws.
For more information, see our Copyright Policy.
More simply
We respect copyrights.
You have to do the same.
5.
Safety
We care about the safety of our users.
While Pinterest is committed to protecting the security of your content and your account, it cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not jeopardize its security measures.
We ask that you keep your password secure.
Notify us immediately of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account.
More simply
You can help us fight spammers by keeping these security tips in mind.
6.
Third-party links, sites and services
Pinterest may contain links to third-party websites, advertisements, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest.
We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for such third party sites, information, materials, products or services.
If you access any third-party websites, services, or content from Pinterest, you do so at your own risk, and you agree that Pinterest has no liability whatsoever arising from your use of or access to any third-party websites, services, or content.
More simply
Pinterest contains links to content outside of Pinterest.
Most of them are fantastic, but if they aren't we are not responsible for it.
7.
Revocation
Pinterest may terminate or suspend your right to access or use Pinterest for any reason upon due notice.
We may revoke or suspend your access immediately and without notice if we have a good reason to do so, such as if we observe violations of our Community Guidelines.
If you opt out, you will continue to be bound by Sections 3 and 8 of these Terms.
More simply
Pinterest is provided for free.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, but will do so in a reasonable manner.
8.
Allowance
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e., you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our Terms of Service for Business as required by Section 2(c) of these Terms, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pinterest and its employees, directors, employees and agents, from any and all claims, suits, legal proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including legal defense costs against claims, suits or proceedings brought by any third party), in any way related to your access to or use of our Service, your User Content, or your violation of these Terms.
More simply
If we are sued for actions your company takes on Pinterest, you will have to pay our costs.
Additionally, you must first have created a business account and accepted our Business Terms of Service.
9.
Warranty Exclusions
Our Service and all content on Pinterest are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
PINTEREST EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
Pinterest assumes no responsibility for any User Content that you or any other person or third party posts or submits using our Service.
You acknowledge and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, unsuitable for children, or otherwise inappropriate for your purpose.
If you are an EEA consumer, we do not exclude or limit any liability for willful misconduct or gross negligence, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or deliberate misconduct.
More simply
Unfortunately, people post inappropriate content on services like Pinterest.
We pay close attention to this issue, but you may still find this type of content before we can remove it.
If you see inappropriate content, please report it here.
10.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PINTEREST SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE, WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS RESULTING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PRODUCTS OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE, (B) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL PINTEREST'S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00).
If we cause you harm and you are an EEA consumer, the above does not apply to you.
Conversely, Pinterest's liability will be limited to foreseeable damages caused by the violation of material contractual obligations typical of this type of contract.
Pinterest is not liable for damages resulting from a non-material breach of any other applicable support obligations.
This imitation of liability will not apply to any legal liability that cannot be limited, to any liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or deliberate misconduct, or to exclude our liability for something that we have expressly promised to you.
More simply
We are creating the best possible service for you, but we cannot promise that it will be perfect.
We are not responsible for several aspects.
If you think otherwise, let's try to solve the problem like adults.
11.
Arbitration
For any dispute between you and Pinterest, you agree to first contact us and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally.
If we need to contact you, we will write to you at the email address in your Pinterest account.
If Pinterest has been unable to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to resolve any claims, disputes, or disputes (except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief) that arise out of or in connection with or regarding these Terms through binding arbitration or (for a valid claim) in small claims court.
Arbitration allows us to resolve our differences more informally than going to court.
For example, arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator rather than a judge or jury, requires more limited evidence, and is subject to very limited court review.
Although the process is more informal, arbitrators can award damages and injunctive relief like a court.
You agree that by accepting these Terms of Service, the U.S. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and you and Pinterest each waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute concerning the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.
This arbitration provision will survive termination of this Agreement and the closing of your Pinterest account.
Any dispute will be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Consumer Arbitration Rules then in effect for the AAA, except as provided in this Agreement.
You can download the relevant forms from the website www.adr.org.
Unless you and Pinterest agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the county (or borough) in which you reside.
Each party will be responsible for paying any administrative, arbitration, and filing fees to the AAA in accordance with the AAA's rules, except that Pinterest will pay reasonable administrative, arbitration, and filing fees incurred by you if your claim does not exceed $75,000 and is not considered unfounded (as determined by the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
If your claim is $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration shall be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, by wiretap, or by listening to an in-person conversation, such as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA's rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a written arbitration award explaining the essential findings and conclusions of the award, and any court of competent jurisdiction may enter judgment on the arbitration award.
Nothing in this section shall prevent either party from obtaining injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts for any matter related to data security, intellectual property, or unauthorized access to the Service.
ANY CLAIMS MUST BE RELATED TO THE INDIVIDUAL PARTIES, BUT NOT AS PLAINTIFFS OR MEMBER OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, AND, UNLESS AGREEMENT OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, BOTH YOU AND PINTEREST ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AFFECTS ANY NON-WAIVABLE RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU.
To the extent any claim, controversy or controversy regarding Pinterest or our Service cannot be arbitrated under applicable law or otherwise, both you and Pinterest agree that any claim or controversy regarding Pinterest will be resolved exclusively in accordance with Section 12 of these Terms.
If you are an EEA consumer, Section 11 does not apply to you.
12.
Applicable law and competent court
These Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
If you are not an EEA consumer, the exclusive venue for all disputes arising out of or relating to this agreement is San Francisco County, California, or the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and the dispute will be resolved under California law.
If you are an EEA consumer, this will in no way deprive you of the protection you enjoy under the applicable law of the country in which you live, nor of access to the courts in your country.
More simply
The Bay Area is beautiful these days.
It doesn't matter what time of year it is, that's why it's so beautiful!
In any case, if you want to sue us, you will have to do it here.
This applies if you are an EEA trader, but not if you are a consumer.
If you are an EEA consumer, you can sue us in the courts and under the laws of your country.
13.
General terms
Notification Procedures and Changes to These Terms
We reserve the right to determine the form and means by which we will send notices to you, and you agree to receive legal notices electronically if we choose to do so.
We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website.
If a revision, in our discretion, is material, we will notify you.
By continuing to access or use Pinterest after the revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the new Terms.
If you don't agree to the new terms, you'll need to stop using Pinterest.
More simply
If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you will need to stop using Pinterest.
Transfer
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted under these Terms, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be transferred by Pinterest without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation of these Terms will be null and void.
If you are a consumer in the EEA, either you or Pinterest may transfer this Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted under it, to a third party.
If such a transfer is made by Pinterest, you are entitled to revoke the agreement with immediate effect by deactivating your account.
Pinterest will give you reasonable notice of any transfer.
Entire contract/disclaimer
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any amendments and additional agreements you may enter into with Pinterest, will constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest with respect to the Service.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid, it will be eliminated or limited to the extent necessary and the remaining provisions of these Terms will continue in full force and effect.
No exemptions
No waiver of any of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Pinterest's failure to enforce any right or enforcement of any applicable provision under these Terms shall not shall constitute any derogation from such right or provision.
Party
If you live in the United States, these Terms constitute a contract between you and Pinterest Inc.,
651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
If you live outside of the United States, these Terms constitute a contract between you and Pinterest Europe Ltd.,
an Irish company with registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
More simply
Who you deal with depends on where you live.
Effective May 1, 2018
