Terms of Service
Introduction to the Quora Terms of Service
Welcome to Quora!
Here's a quick summary of the highlights of our Terms of Service:
Our mission is to share and increase knowledge.
The Quora Platform offers a place to ask questions and connect with people who can contribute unique insights and quality answers to the conversation.
This system gives people the opportunity to learn from each other and better understand the world.
You own the content you post; yet, at the same time, you grant both Quora and other users of the Platform certain rights and licenses to use the same.
The details of these licenses are described in Section 3(c) below.
You are responsible for the content you post.
This includes ensuring that you have the necessary rights to publish such content and that the content does not infringe the legal rights of third parties (e.g.
defamation) or any applicable laws.
You may republish content extracted from Quora elsewhere, provided that you attribute the content in question, correctly and explicitly, to the Quora Platform and respect the rights of the OP (the person who posted the content), including any "Do not reproduce".
We do not officially endorse, much less verify, content posted by users.
Our contents and materials are provided "as is" and without any warranty.
You are solely responsible for your use of the Quora Platform.
Posts by lawyers, doctors, and other qualified professionals should not be relied upon as a substitute for professional advice regarding your specific situation.
You agree to follow the rules of our platform.
When you use the Quora Platform, you hereby accept our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy.
We offer you tools to provide us with feedback and make complaints.
If you believe that someone has violated your intellectual property rights, other laws, or Quora policies, you can initiate a complaint process through our contact portal or by using our internal reporting tool.
We are happy that you want to be part of the Quora Platform and encourage you to read the Terms of Service in full.
Quora Terms of Service
Last updated: October 23, 2018
Welcome to Quora!
Quora is a platform that allows people to gain and share knowledge, learn from each other, and better understand the world.
These terms of service (“Terms of Service”) constitute an agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Quora, Inc.. (“Quora” “we” or “us”).
It governs your use of the products and services we offer through our site and applications (collectively referred to as the “Quora Platform”).
Please read them carefully, because by using the Quora Platform, you also agree to these terms.
The mission of the Quora Platform
Quora's mission is to share and increase knowledge.
The Quora Platform is a place to ask questions and connect with people who can contribute unique insights and quality answers to the conversation.
This system gives people the opportunity to learn from each other and better understand the world.
Use the Quora Platform
Who can use it.
Use of the Quora Platform by children under the age of 13 is prohibited.
You represent that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you live, or if you are not, your parent or legal guardian must agree to the Terms of Service and accept this Agreement on your behalf, and you must assume responsibility for the use by the 'user.
Registration.
When you create a profile on the Quora Platform, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself.
You agree to provide us with correct information, including your real name, when you create your account on the Quora Platform.
We will use the personal data collected during the registration process in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to pay particular attention to maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
Privacy Policy.
The privacy policies we apply are set out in our Privacy Policy.
Use of the Quora platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Acceptable Use Policy.
During your interactions with other users on the Quora Platform, you agree to always follow the Acceptable Use Policy.
Cancellation.
You can cancel your account at any time you want by going to your profile settings and deactivating your account.
We reserve the right to cancel or suspend your Quora account if you violate any of Quora's policies or for any other reason.
Changes to the Quora Platform.
We are always trying to improve your user experience on the Quora Platform.
We reserve the right to add or change certain features without notice.
Feedback.
We always welcome your feedback and suggestions on how to improve the Quora Platform.
Send us your feedback at https://it.quora.com/contact.
By submitting Feedback to us, you agree to grant us the right, in our sole discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit your Feedback, in whole or in part, freely and without compensation to you.
Your content
Definition of “Your Content”.
The Quora Platform allows you to add posts, texts, photos, videos, links and files to share with others.
All material that you upload, post or display to other users through the Quora Platform is collectively referred to as “Your Content”.
You acknowledge and agree that, as part of your use of the Quora Platform, Your Content may be viewed by all potential audiences.
Property.
You or your licensors, as applicable, will retain ownership of the copyright and other intellectual property in your content, subject to the non-exclusive rights granted to us as set forth below.
Licenses and permissions to use Your Content.
By submitting, posting or displaying Your Content on the Quora Platform, you grant Quora and its affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, paid-up, transferable license, with the right to sublicense (tiered ), to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public or otherwise use, Your Content in relation to the operations or use of the Quora Platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, through any media or distribution channel (whether already known or hereafter developed).
You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make Your Content available to other companies, organizations, business partners or individuals with whom Quora has a collaborative relationship to publish, distribute, communicate and make publicly available, syndicate or broadcast such Content through the Quora Platform or other media and distribution methods.
This license also includes the right for other users of the Quora Platform to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make publicly available your Content, subject to our Terms of Service.
If you do not want to allow other users to translate your answers, you can turn off translation globally in your profile settings or you can set certain answers not to be translated.
Once you post an answer to a question, it may be edited or deleted from public view at https://it.quora.com/ at any time, except in the case of answers submitted anonymously.
However, we may not be able to control the removal of your response from display on external channels or other methods where it has previously been distributed outside of https://it.quora.com/. Quora reserves the right to remove suspected spam from your answers.
Once you post a question, it can be edited or deleted by other users or by Quora at any time.
Any modifications and changes you have made may be visible to other users.
The right for Quora to copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, store, display, modify and distribute, or otherwise use your posting, and to sublicense such rights to third-party entities, is perpetual and irrevocable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may preserve and disclose your content, and related information, if required to do so by law or in its good faith determination that such protection or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any legal, court order or government; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that Your Content violates third party rights; (d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address scams or other technical or security issues; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Quora, its users, or the public at large.
You understand and agree that we reserve the right to modify, adapt or create derivative works of Your Content so as to transmit, display or distribute it across computer networks, devices, services and in various media.
We also reserve the right to remove or refuse to post Your Content, in whole or in part, at any time.
You also grant us permission and authority to act as your non-exclusive enforcement agent against any unauthorized use by others of any of your content outside of or infringing the Quora Platform. of our Terms of Service.
Your responsibilities regarding your content.
By posting Your Content on the Quora Platform, you represent and warrant that: i) you own the rights to the Content or have all releases, authorizations and permissions necessary to use the Content and to grant us the rights of use as provided in this Agreement and ii) that the publication of your content does not violate the intellectual property or individual rights of any third party or any applicable law or regulation.
You accept full responsibility to avoid infringement of the intellectual property rights or individual rights of others or violation of laws and regulations in relation to your content.
You are responsible for ensuring that Your Content does not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, trademark policies, other posted policies, or any applicable laws or regulations.
You agree to pay all royalties, fees and any other monies owed to any person as a result of your Content.
Our contents and materials
Definition of our content and materials.
All intellectual property rights in or relating to the Quora Platform (specifically, but not limited to, our software, the Quora trademarks, the Quora logo, but not including Your Content) are owned by Quora Inc.,
its subsidiaries and affiliates, including content posted by other Quora users and licensed to us (collectively "Our Content and Materials").
Data.
All data collected by Quora ("Data") about your or third parties' use of the Quora Platform is the property of Quora Inc.,
of its subsidiaries and affiliates.
For clarity, “data” does not include Your Content and is considered separately from our Content and Materials.
Quora's permissions for you
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access our content and materials and data made available through the Quora Platform in connection with your use of the Quora Platform, subject, however, to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Quora provides you with a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-assignable, and non-exclusive license to republish any of Quora's content and materials elsewhere on the Web provided that: (a) the relevant content has been added to the Quora Platform after April 22, 2010; (b) the user who created the content has not explicitly marked the content as “Do Not Reproduce” on the Quora Platform; (c) you do not modify the content; (d) you attribute it to Quora, nominally, in readable text with a link reachable by both humans and bots (an HTML tag again <a>), which points back to the original source page of the content at https: //it.quora.com, and which is present on every page on which our contents and materials are published; (e) upon request by Quora or a user, you remove the user's name from content that the user subsequently anonymizes; (f) upon request by Quora or a contributor of content, you make a reasonable effort to update a particular passage of content to the latest version available on the Quora Platform; and (g) upon request by Quora or a user who contributed content, you make a reasonable effort to delete content that has been deleted or marked “Do Not Reproduce” on the Quora Platform; (h) you only republish a minimal portion of our content and materials.
In exercising these rights, you may not state or imply, implicitly or explicitly, any connection, sponsorship, or endorsement by Quora or any Quora user of you and your use of the work, without the distinct , explicit authorization from us.
We reserve the right to cancel your license at any time for any reason.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to distribute any content on the Quora Platform or to remove any content.
Except for the rights and licenses granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and grant no other rights or licenses, whether implied or otherwise.
Permitted uses.
If you operate a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, bulk download tool, wget package, or other data gathering or extraction tool, you can access the Quora Platform , but following these additional rules: i) it is necessary to use a descriptive header of the user agent; ii) you must always follow robots.txt at all times; iii) your access must not adversely affect any aspect of the operation of the Quora Platform; iv) you must clearly indicate how we can contact you, both in your user agent string and on your site, if you have one.
No endorsement or verification.
Please note that the Quora Platform contains access to content, products and services created by third parties and offers interactions with third parties.
Participation or availability on the Quora Platform does not constitute an endorsement or verification by us.
We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any content posted on the Quora Platform by anyone.
Property.
You acknowledge and agree that our content and materials remain the property of Quora users or Quora itself.
The content, information and services made available on the Quora Platform are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.
Integrated Service Provider
You have the option to integrate another online service provider, such as a social networking service ("Integrated Service Provider"), directly into your account on the Quora Platform.
By enabling another online service provider, you are allowing us to switch to and receive login information and other data about you from the integrated service provider.
For more information about Quora's use, storage and disclosure of information about you and your use of integrated services on Quora, please see our Privacy Policy.
Please note that your use of any integrated service provider and their handling of your data and personal information is governed solely by their terms of use, privacy policies and other policies they may use.
Learn more about certain offers on the Quora Platform
Summary.
When you sign up to the Quora Platform, the service includes receiving a summary containing the questions and answers that may interest you most.
You can opt-out of receiving the summary and change other communication settings by going to “Email & Notifications” in your account profile, as detailed in our Privacy Policy.
Advertising.
The Quora Platform includes advertisements that may be targeted to content or information on the Quora Platform, queries made through the Quora Platform, or other types of information to be relevant to you.
The types and extent of advertising carried out by Quora are subject to change.
In consideration of Quora granting you access to and use of the Quora Platform, you agree that Quora and its third-party providers and partners may place such advertisements on the Quora Platform.
If you wish to become an advertiser with us, you will be required to enter into separate, additional agreements with us regarding the provision of advertising services through the Quora Platform.
Legal collaborators, doctors and other qualified professionals.
Some of the users who post content are part of the world of professions, such as law, medicine and other types of professional activities (collectively, "Qualified Professionals").
Content published by Qualified Professionals should not be relied upon as a valid alternative to professional advice relating to your specific situation.
Quora provides a disclaimer template that Qualified Professionals can edit and incorporate into their own answers.
Ethics differ among states or regions, and it is the responsibility of Qualified Professionals to determine and provide disclaimers that are appropriate for their profession and the content they share.
Buttons, links and widgets.
You are permitted to use Quora buttons, links and widgets, subject to these Terms of Service (including disclaimers and limitations of liability), provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets only links to the Platform from Quora; (b) you will not modify these buttons, links or widgets, or the code associated with them, in any way; (c) you will not use such buttons, links or widgets in any way that implies or suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors or recommends the site on which such buttons, links and widgets are used; and (d) your use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the site on which such buttons, links and widgets are used, do not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy.
Third-party resources and services.
The Quora Platform may also offer you the opportunity to follow links to other sites or interact with third-party products or services.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for and assume all risks arising from your use of any such external sites or resources.
Services that require a separate agreement.
Some features or services may require you to sign a separate, additional written agreement before they can be used.
Report violations of intellectual property rights, the Quora Policies, or other applicable laws
We have a special procedure for reporting violations of intellectual property rights, the Quora Rules, or other applicable laws
Copyright and trademark policy.
We have adopted and implemented a Copyright Policy and a Trademark Policy.
For more information, including detailed information on how to submit a takedown request if you believe content on the Quora Platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
For claims of copyright and trademark infringement, you may use the Copyright Infringement Complaint Form or the Trademark Infringement Complaint Form, as applicable.
Reporting other violations.
If you believe that certain content on the Quora Platform violates Quora's Acceptable Use Policy, applicable law (excluding copyright or trademark violations), or other Quora policies, you may submit the following form of complaint for infringement.
We have no obligation to remove content that you may personally find objectionable or offensive.
We are committed to responding promptly to requests to remove content, when these are consistent with our policies and applicable law.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY, AS IT LIMITS THE QUORA ENTITIES' LIABILITIES TO YOU.
THE EXPRESSION "QUORA ENTITIES" REPRESENTS QUORA INC.,
AND ANY SUBSIDIARY, AFFILIATED, OTHERWISE RELATED COMPANIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND ASSOCIATED PARTNERS, AS WELL AS THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH.
EACH OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
WE PROVIDE THE QUORA PLATFORM TO YOU, TOGETHER WITH OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT WITH OTHER PEOPLE, ON AN "AS IS" AND AS AVAILABLE ("AS AVAILABLE") BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES TYPE, NEITHER EXPRESS NOR IMPLIED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE QUORA ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL FURTHER WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FREE ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS AND ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHICH ARISES FROM A PARTICULAR PERFORMANCE OF THE CONTRACT, FROM REGULAR BEHAVIOR OR FROM COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR: (i) CONTENT POSTED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY; (ii) ANY THIRD PARTY SITE, THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE MENTIONED IN OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM, INCLUDING AN INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDER OR QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL; (iii) THE GOOD FAITH OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY YOU MAY ENCOUNTER WHILE USING THE QUORA PLATFORM; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE QUORA PLATFORM PROVIDES UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE; (c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN THROUGH THE USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM, A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL, OR ANY OTHER USER WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE TO YOU REGARDLESS OF ANY CLAIMS OF LIABILITY.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT THE QUORA ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE SPECIFICALLY LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, DAMAGES TO REPUTATION, LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED AT A TIME OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE PLATFORM FROM QUORA.
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IS TO STOP USING THE QUORA PLATFORM.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA'S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM OR THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO QUORA IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
ACCORDINGLY, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, AND THE ABOVE SECTIONS 8(c), 8(d) AND 8(e) MAY NOT APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY, IF THE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE ABOVE RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY ARE THE RESULT OF NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, RECKLESS OR INTENTIONAL CONDUCT.
Compensation
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Quora Entities from any third party claims and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to: i) your use of the Quora Platform, ii) Your Content , iii) your conduct or interactions with other users of the Quora Platform, or iv) your violation of any part of this Agreement.
We will notify you promptly of any such claim and will provide you (at your expense) with reasonable assistance in defending the claim.
You will permit us to participate in the defense and you will not settle any such claim without our express written consent.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
In such event, you will no longer have any obligation to defend us on the merits of the matter.
Dispute Resolution
This Agreement and all actions in connection with your use of the Quora Platform will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or your nationality or country of residence.
Unless submitted to arbitration as set forth in the paragraph below, all claims, proceedings, or disputes arising out of or related to your use of the Quora Platform will be filed exclusively in the courts of Santa Clara County, California and you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waive any objection to the appropriateness of the court.
For any claim for relief (excluding injunctive or other relief) under this Agreement, and if the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, the party seeking relief may elect to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. court.
The party electing that particular arbitration will initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (ADR) provider, mutually agreed upon by the parties.
The ADR Provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions, as decided by the party initiating the arbitration; b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and c) any judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
General terms
Any changes to these Terms.
We reserve the right to change this Agreement (including any policies, such as the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy that are incorporated into the Agreement itself) at any time and at our sole discretion.
If we change material terms of this Agreement, such change will be effective after we send you notice of the modified Agreement.
If we make any changes to the material terms of this Agreement, such changes will be effective only after we have notified you thereof.
You can view the Agreement and our key policies at any time here.
Failure to delete your account or discontinue use of the Quora Platform after receiving notice of the changes will constitute your acceptance of the changed terms.
If you do not agree to the changes or terms of this Agreement, you must cancel your account or cease use of the Quora Platform.
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
You agree that Quora is operated in the United States and is deemed to be solely located in California and a passive service for jurisdictional purposes.
For any claims to which arbitration is unenforceable, you agree that such claims shall be brought in federal or state court in Santa Clara County, California, and governed by the laws of the State of California and United States federal law, regardless of conflicting legislative provisions.
Use outside the United States.
Quora makes no representations or warranties that the Quora Platform complies with all laws and regulations applicable outside of the United States.
If you use the Quora Platform outside of the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any laws, regulations or customs that may apply in connection with your use of the Quora Platform.
Export.
The Quora Platform is operated and controlled through our offices in California, United States of America.
Quora software is subject to United States export controls.
No Quora software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
You represent that (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (2) you are not listed on any list of persons prohibited or restricted by the US government.
Applications and mobile devices.
If you access the Quora Platform through one of Quora's applications, you agree that this Agreement is between you and Quora only, and not with any other service or application platform provider (e.g.
Apple Inc.
o Google Inc.),
which may offer the application to you according to its own terms.
To the extent you access the Quora Platform via a mobile device, standard charges, data rates and other charges from your mobile carrier may apply.
Survival of terms.
The following provisions will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2(e)(Cancellation), 2(g)(Feedback), Section 3(Your Content), Section 4(a)-(b) and (d) )-(f) (Our Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Section 10 (Dispute Resolution) and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice to California Residents.
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users who are California residents also benefit from the following specific consumer rights notices: The Quora Platform is provided by Quora, Inc.,
company based in Mountain View, California.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the Quora platform, please contact Quora at support@quora.com.
California residents may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the California Department of Consumer Affairs at 1625 North Market Boulevard, Suite N112, Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at +1 916.445.1245 or +1 800.952. 5210 or, through a telecommunications device for the hearing impaired, at +1 800.326.2297 or +1 916.322.1700.
Government end users.
Any of Quora's proprietary software and related documentation constitute "Commercial Item" as that term is defined in 48 QRC §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Computer Software Documentation" as such terms are defined as given in 48 QRC §12.212 or 48 QRC §227.7202 (where applicable).
Consistent with 48 QRC §12.212 or 48 QRC § 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Software and Commercial Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users: (i) as Products only Commercial; and (ii) solely with the rights that are granted to all end users under this Agreement.
Transfers.
You have no right to assign or transfer this Agreement (or any rights or obligations subject to this Agreement) without our express written consent.
Any attempted assignment or transfer, without first obtaining the consent indicated above, will be null and void.
We reserve the right to assign or transfer this Agreement without restriction.
This Agreement inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors and assigns.
Electronic communications.
You consent to receive communications from us via email in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Complete agreement and severability.
This Agreement supersedes all prior terms, agreements, discussions and writings relating to the Quora Platform and constitutes the entire agreement between you and us relating to the Quora Platform (except for services that require a separate written agreement with us, in addition to this Agreement).
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, such provision shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Interpretation.
As you interpret the terms of this Agreement, please consider that: (i) the headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to be binding; and (ii) no presumption of operating in favor of either or both parties shall be made as a result of the legal role employed in drafting this Agreement.
Notifications.
All notices permitted or required under this Agreement, unless otherwise specified in the Agreement, must be given in writing as follows: (i) if addressed to you: by email to the address associated with your account, and ( ii) if addressed to us: via Legal@Quora.com.
Notices will be deemed given (a) if to you: as soon as the email is sent, and (b) if to us: upon receipt of the email by us.
Relationships.
This Agreement does not create any joint venture, agency or joint venture relationship between the parties or any other form of partnership between you and us.
Except as expressly provided herein, neither party has the right, power or authority to create any obligation or duty, express or implied, on behalf of the other party hereto.
Waiver clause.
No waiver of any of these terms shall be deemed to be a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other of these terms.
Quora's failure to enforce any right or provision in this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Additional guarantees.
You agree to produce a paper copy of this Agreement and any other documents and to take, at our expense, such other actions as we may require of you so as to confirm and implement the purpose of this Agreement and any other of your rights or obligations to the under this Agreement.
Contacts.
Contact us via https://it.quora.com/contact.
Quora, is a company registered in the State of Delaware, located at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041.
