Terms of Service (“TOS”)
Effective date: April 13, 2022.
Welcome.
These Terms of Service (“TOS“) apply to you and Rovio Entertainment Corporation, located at Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland, (“Rovio“) with respect to your use of the games, websites, Rovio discussion forums and related services (the “Services”).
Additionally, use of the Services is governed by Rovio's Privacy Policy (available at https://www.rovio.com/privacy), which is incorporated by reference.
For users located in the United States, this TOS contains a binding arbitration clause and a class action waiver section in the “Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver” section, which affects your rights regarding how to resolve disputes. controversies.
If you reside in the United States, we recommend that you read it carefully.
Except to the extent you opt out, and subject to certain types of disputes described in the “Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver” section, you agree that any disputes between you and Rovio will be resolved by binding individual arbitration, and you waive the right to participate in any class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.
You must accept this TOS as a prerequisite to using the Services.
If you agree to these TOS, you represent that you are at least 13 years old.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, or otherwise do not have the authority to enter into agreements such as these TOS, you represent that your legal guardian, or holder of parental responsibility, has reviewed and agreed to these TOS.
By using or otherwise accessing the Services, you agree to these TOS.
Failure to accept these TOS will result in your inability to use the Services or otherwise access them.
Unless otherwise specified, the Services do not require payment of money to use or download, but may contain features that allow you to make purchases within the Services.
You may need to have an Internet connection to access or use the Services.
You will be responsible for any Internet connectivity or mobile charges you may incur by accessing or using the Services.
By accessing the Services from a third-party platform, such as Facebook or another social networking site, you agree to abide by that platform's terms of service, as well as this TOS.
Rovio may post additional terms or policies in connection with individual Services or specific components of the Services (including, but not limited to, forums, contests, sweepstakes, or loyalty programs).
Your right to use the Services is subject to those relevant terms and policies, as well as this TOS.
1.
Right to use the Services
Subject to your acceptance of this TOS, Rovio grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use.
The rights granted to you are subject to your compliance with this TOS.
Except as expressed above, no other license is granted to you.
Rovio retains all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including, without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, securities, computer code, audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, settings, graphics, sound effects, musical works, recordings of games made using the Services, moral rights, whether registered or not, and all their applications.
Unless expressly authorized by applicable law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced, or distributed in any manner or by any means, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Rovio.
Rovio reserves all rights not expressly granted herein.
The Services and their contents are licensed, not sold.
You agree that you have no right or title to any content appearing on the Services, including, but not limited to, Virtual Items appearing on or from the Services, regardless of whether obtained on the Services or purchased from Rovio or its authorized partners.
2.
Purchases made on the Services
Rovio may license to you certain virtual goods or other content (such as, for example, in-game items or currency), which you may use within the Services and which you may purchase with real money or earn or redeem through gameplay (the “ Virtual objects").
Virtual Items are licensed to you on a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable basis for your non-commercial use only.
Unless expressly authorized in the Services, you may purchase Virtual Items only from Rovio or its authorized partner, and you may not give or sell Virtual Items.
Virtual Items have no real money value and do not replace real money.
Neither Rovio nor any other person or entity is obligated to exchange Virtual Items for anything of value.
Rovio is not responsible for any system breaches or loss of your Virtual Items.
The price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to change without notice.
All purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made through the Services are final and non-refundable.
You acknowledge and agree that Virtual Items will be provided to you immediately upon purchase and that you waive any right to cancel or withdraw from the purchase once the process has begun.
Accordingly, you agree that Rovio has no obligation to provide any refunds for Virtual Items for any reason.
Furthermore, you acknowledge that you will not receive any money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether the loss of your license under this TOS was voluntary or otherwise.
The foregoing does not affect your rights under applicable law, including those you may have under the statutory warranty of compliance described in the “Disclaimer” Section.
If you request deletion of your personal data as described in the Rovio Privacy Policy, you will permanently forfeit all of your Virtual Items with no right to a refund, as Rovio will no longer be able to associate such Virtual Items with you.
3.
Right of withdrawal
If you are a consumer resident in the European Union or a member country of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this Section applies to you.
You may have the right to withdraw from these TOS within 14 days of the day you accepted them.
You may also have the right to withdraw from the purchase of a license for a Virtual Item or Service within 14 days of purchase.
It is not necessary to specify the reason why you are exercising the right of withdrawal.
However, you do not have the right to withdraw from a purchase if you have consented to the Virtual Item or Service being provided to you in its entirety during the withdrawal period and you have acknowledged that you thereby lose your right of withdrawal.
To opt out of this TOS, you must notify Rovio of your decision to opt out and stop using the Services.
To withdraw from the purchase of a license for a Virtual Item or Service, you must inform the official merchant, which may be Rovio or its authorized partner, through which you made the purchase.
Please note that Rovio is neither able nor obligated to honor your request to cancel a purchase where Rovio is not the official merchant.
To inform Rovio of your decision to opt-out, you must send an unambiguous statement of your decision via email to support@rovio.com.
For this purpose, you can use the attached withdrawal form, but this is not an obligation.
To meet the deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication regarding your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period expires.
If you withdraw from the purchase of a license for a Virtual Item or a Service, you are entitled to a refund of the purchase without undue delay and in any case no later than 14 days from the day on which you informed the official merchant of your decision to withdraw from the purchase.
The refund will be made using the same payment method used to make the initial payment, unless otherwise agreed.
You will not incur any costs as a result of this refund.
4.
Code of Conduct
You also agree to abstain from the following behaviors in any case:
use, directly or indirectly, cheats, exploits, automated software, bots, hacks, mods, or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere with the Services;
use the Services in violation of any applicable laws or regulations;
use the Services for commercial purposes, such as, but not limited to, advertising, soliciting, transmitting commercial advertisements such as spam emails, chain letters, pyramid schemes or other money-making schemes;
use the Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes, such as, but not limited to, using the Services with the intent to impersonate a different person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity or to the Services;
disrupt, interfere with, or otherwise adversely affect the normal operation of the Services or act in a manner that adversely affects other users' experience while using the Services;
crash, overburden, contribute to, or assist in the crash or overburden of any computer or server used to provide or support the Services;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, accounts registered with third parties, or computers, servers, or networks connected to the Services by means other than through the user interface provided by Rovio, such as by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any any other person to circumvent or modify any security system, technology, device, coding or software forming part of the Services;
publish information, content or other material (or post links to information or content) in which there is nudity or excessively violent images or in which there is abuse, threats, obscenity, defamation, slander or racial, sexual, religious or otherwise objectionable;
engage in conduct that tends to be incorrect, such as repeatedly posting unsolicited information;
attempt to harass, inflict abuse or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse or harm, to another person or group, including Rovio employees, directors, officers and customer service representatives;
make available, through the Services, any materials or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity, or that is intended to impersonate any person , such as, but not limited to, an employee, director or officer of Rovio;
unless specifically authorized by applicable law, attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack into any of the Services, or to defeat or overcome any encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by Rovio, or obtain any information from the Services using any method not expressly permitted by Rovio;
solicit or attempt to obtain login details or other credentials or personal access information from other users of the Services;
steal, scrape, or collect information about or about others who use the Services, including, but not limited to, the use of pixel tags, cookies, GIFs, or similar elements, sometimes referred to as “spyware” ;
post anyone's private information, including personally identifiable information/data (in text, image or video format), identity documents or financial data through the Services;
engage in any act that Rovio believes to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the Services or make improper use of Rovio's support services.
5.
Account and login information
Certain elements of the Services may allow you to create an account or otherwise register with the Services (“Account”).
You may be asked to choose a password for your Account, or to use other credentials to access your Account (the “Login Information”).
You agree not to provide your Login Information to any third party and not to allow any other person to use your Login Information or your Account.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Login Information.
Rovio has the right to presume that any use of your Login Information or your Account has been made by you, and you remain responsible for any actions taken using your Account or your Login Information (including, but not limited to, exhaustive, any purchases).
You agree to indemnify Rovio for any loss or damage resulting from your failure to keep your Login Information confidential.
You acknowledge that you have no title or proprietary interest in or to any Account.
Rovio reserves the right to delete your Account if it detects no activity by you in connection with the Account for at least 180 days.
In such event, you may no longer be able to access and/or use the Virtual Items associated with such Account and no refund will be offered.
6.
User Contributions
The Services may allow you to create content, including, but not limited to, game maps, game profiles, characters, objects, screenshots or videos of your game (collectively, “User Contributions”).
In exchange for your use of the Services, you grant Rovio a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable, sublicensable, worldwide right and license to use your User Contributions in any manner. and for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit or otherwise communicate to the public by any means now or hereafter available, and to distribute your User Contributions without further notice or compensation of any kind to you.
Unless expressly prohibited by applicable law, you hereby waive any moral rights of authorship, publication, reputation, or attribution in connection with the use and enjoyment by Rovio (including its licensees, successors, and assigns) and other players of your User Contributions in connection with the Services and related goods and services.
The foregoing grant of license to Rovio and waiver of any applicable moral rights shall survive any termination of this TOS.
Rovio and their respective directors, officers and employees do not accept or consider unsolicited product ideas or submissions of any kind (such as, for example, game or other product ideas, stories, screenplays, works of art, musical or audiovisual works , concepts or any other creative materials) submitted by you in any format or by any means of transmission (the “Unsolicited Content”).
Please do not send Rovio or its respective directors, officers or employees any Unsolicited Content.
However, if you send us Unsolicited Content, you agree that it will not be treated as confidential, regardless of anything to the contrary in the Unsolicited Content, accompanying message or elsewhere.
You further agree that such Unsolicited Content may be used and exploited by Rovio without compensation to you or any third party, and you grant Rovio a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable, worldwide license and assignable (in whole or in part) to use, exploit, reproduce, transmit, modify, display and display the Unsolicited Content in all media now or hereafter available for any purpose and to create derivative works based on the Unsolicited Content .
7.
User Interactions
Rovio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of other users of the Services or for monitoring the Services for the purpose of identifying inappropriate content or behavior.
Rovio does not and cannot pre-screen or monitor all content or the conduct of all users.
Your use of the Services is at your own risk.
By using the Services, you may be exposed to content or behavior that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise inconsistent with your values.
Rovio may use technology to monitor and/or record your interactions with the Services or communications within the Services (including, but not limited to, chat messages or voice communications).
You irrevocably consent to such monitoring and recording and agree that you have no expectation of privacy regarding the transmission of content within the Services, including, but not limited to, chat messages or voice communications.
You acknowledge that your User Contributions, your communications within the Services and/or your interactions with the Services may be viewed or may be viewable by other users of the Services or the general public.
Rovio reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to review, monitor, prohibit, modify, delete, disable access to, or otherwise make unavailable any content made available by users of the Service without notice or for any reason, at any time.
If at any time Rovio chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Services, Rovio will in no case assume any responsibility for the content made available by users of the Services, nor the obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate content.
You acknowledge that Rovio is not a party to any dispute that may arise between you and any other user or users of the Services.
Rovio is otherwise under no obligation to become involved in such disputes.
You release Rovio and its subsidiaries (and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, shareholders and employees of Rovio and its subsidiaries) from all claims, demands and damages related to such disputes.
8.
Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver
If you are a resident of the United States or have any claim against Rovio in the United States, you expressly agree that any legal claim, dispute or other controversy between you and Rovio arising out of or in any way relating in any way to the Services, including disputes relating to applicability , the enforceability or validity of any provision of this TOS or the Rovio Privacy Policy (collectively the “Disputes”), will be resolved in confidential binding arbitration conducted before one commercial arbitrator by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA” ) rather than in a court of law, as described here.
The arbitration will be governed by the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules and, if the arbitrator finds them applicable, the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively “Rules and Procedures”).
You acknowledge that you are voluntarily and knowingly waiving your right to a trial by jury and to otherwise proceed in a lawsuit in state or federal court.
Payment of arbitration costs will be governed by the AAA's fee schedule, unless you can demonstrate that your fee would be prohibitive compared to the costs of litigation, in which case Rovio will pay that portion of the costs, to the extent determined necessary by the arbitrator, to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive compared to the costs of litigation.
Rovio further reserves the right, in its sole and exclusive discretion, to assume responsibility for all arbitration costs imposed by the AAA.
Each party agrees to pay its own attorneys' fees and expenses, unless there is a binding statutory provision requiring the prevailing party to pay its attorneys' fees and expenses.
The arbitration may take place in Los Angeles, California, or, at your request, in the nearest city where the AAA has an office.
The arbitration award shall be final and binding on you and Rovio and may be entered into a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
For more information about the AAA, its rules and procedures, and how to file a claim for arbitration, you can call the AAA at 800-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at www.adr.org.
As an exception to the binding arbitration rule, to the extent the dispute arises from:
any violation of Rovio's intellectual property rights;
a complaint relating to, or arising out of, allegations of theft, piracy, unauthorized use, or a violation of the United States Computer Fraud and Abuse Act or the “Code of Conduct” section of this TOS ; And
any claim for equitable relief;
then both parties agree that a party may seek injunctive relief (or an equivalent type of emergency legal remedy) in any court having jurisdiction over the other party.
In addition to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small claims court for claims within the scope of that court's jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, all disputes will be resolved by binding confidential arbitration on an individual basis.
You expressly agree that no other Disputes will be consolidated or joined with your Dispute, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
You and Rovio agree that there is no right or authority to arbitrate any dispute on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; There is no right or authority to litigate disputes in a purported representative capacity or before a private attorney general, and no arbitration shall be joined to any other arbitration.
You have the option to opt out of this obligation to arbitrate.
If you do so, neither you nor Rovio will be able to require the other party to participate in an arbitration proceeding.
To opt out, you must notify Rovio in writing within 30 days of the date you first became subject to this arbitration provision.
The opt-out notice should be sent to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, ATTN: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland.
You must include your name and residential address, along with a statement clearly stating your desire to opt out of this arbitration provision.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you will need to send a letter to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, ATTN: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland, requesting arbitration and describing your complaint.
Rovio will provide 30 days notice of any changes to this “Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver” section through the Services or other similar means.
The changes will become effective on the thirtieth day and will apply only to any requests made after the thirtieth day.
9.
Suspension and termination for your violation
Without limiting Rovio's other remedies, if Rovio believes that you are in violation of this TOS, Rovio reserves the right to take any of the following actions, individually or jointly, and with or without notice: (i) delete, suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account; (ii) limit, suspend and/or terminate access to the Services; (iii) modify and/or remove any of your Virtual Items; (iv) reset and/or change any game progress or benefits and privileges associated with you, such as the level or score you have achieved in the Services.
10.
Availability, compatibility and changes to the Services
Rovio does not guarantee that the Services will always be available or will continue to be available in the future.
The Services may be temporarily unavailable due to technical issues or maintenance-related reasons, which may occur on a scheduled or unscheduled basis.
Additionally, the Services or portions thereof may be designed to be available only for a limited period of time (for example, in the case of seasonal content or when early access to a development version of a game is provided), or their life cycle may be affected by technological developments or changes in consumer behavior.
Accordingly, Rovio reserves the right to discontinue offering and/or supporting the Services or any portion thereof (for example, a game or a feature of a game) at any time; at which point your license to use the Services or parts thereof will be automatically revoked.
In such case, except as otherwise provided by applicable law, Rovio is not obligated to provide refunds for the Services or any Virtual Items.
Where appropriate, Rovio will take reasonable steps to provide advance notice if the Services or any part thereof are discontinued.
However, Rovio may limit, suspend or discontinue the Services, or any part thereof, and take technical and legal measures to prevent you from accessing the Services, if Rovio believes that you or any other user may present a risk of legal liability or of violating the intellectual property rights of others or that your conduct is inconsistent with the letter or spirit of this TOS.
The Services may have limited compatibility with different devices and operating systems.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that the Services are compatible with your device and its operating system.
Typically, more information about compatibility requirements is available at the time of first use or download (for example, in the relevant app store).
The Services are intended to evolve over time.
Accordingly, Rovio may from time to time change, operate, modify or update the Services or portions thereof (including, but not limited to, Virtual Items).
This may involve adding, removing, or modifying content or functionality (such as, for example, adding or removing game modes or areas, or altering Virtual Items in their appearance or power).
Rovio may, in its sole discretion, make such changes as it deems necessary to maintain and improve the Services, including, but not limited to, introducing, modifying or removing game content and features in accordance with the roadmap of Rovio's development, adaptation to new technologies, any changes made to agreements entered into by Rovio with third parties, the prevention of abuse or technical problems and the satisfaction of any legal, security or regulatory requirements.
When changes are made to the Services, you may need to download and install an update to continue using them.
Otherwise, you may not be able to access or use the Services or parts thereof (for example, gaming and online features may only be available to users who have the latest version of a game).
11.
Disclaimer of liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Services are provided to you “AS IS,” without warranties, guarantees or commitments of any kind.
The Services may have defects and your use of them is solely at your risk.
Rovio does not make, and hereby disclaims, any express, implied or statutory warranties, including the implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, accuracy of data (including, but not limited to, location data), merchantability, satisfactory quality, suitability for a particular purpose, non-infringement of the rights of third parties and guarantees (if any) arising from usage or commercial practices.
Rovio does not warrant that there will be no interference with your enjoyment of the Services; that the Services meet your needs; that the operation of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the Services are interoperable or compatible with any other services; or that any errors in the Services will be corrected.
No written or oral advice given by Rovio, its employees or other representatives creates a warranty.
Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimers such as those set forth above; therefore, the above terms may not apply to you.
Instead, in such jurisdictions, the above disclaimers are applicable only to the extent permitted by the laws in force in such jurisdictions.
Additionally, you may have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction, and nothing in this TOS will infringe any legal rights you may have as a consumer of the Services.
In particular, if you are a consumer based in the EEA, you are provided with a legal guarantee of conformity under which Rovio may be held liable for a lack of conformity discovered by you: (i) within two years of any one-off supply of the Services (such as the provision of a Virtual Item); or (ii) at any time during any ongoing provision of the Services.
12.
Limitations of Liability
Rovio will not be liable in any way for any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of your access to, use of, or malfunction of the Services, including, but not limited to, property damage, loss of goodwill, device failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injury, property damage, lost profits or punitive damages arising from any cause of action, arising out of or relating to this TOS or the Services, whether due to tort (including negligence) , contract, strict liability or otherwise and whether or not Rovio has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In no event will Rovio's total aggregate liability, arising out of or in connection with this TOS, the Privacy Policy or the Services, exceed the greater of: (i) the actual price (if any) paid for the license to use of Virtual Objects or Services; or (ii) one hundred euros (100 EUR).
Damage exclusions and limitations are fundamental elements of the basis of the agreement between Rovio and you.
For purposes of the “Limitation of Liability” Section, Rovio's licensors and other partners are third-party beneficiaries of the limitations of liability set forth herein and may enforce this TOS against you.
Some jurisdictions do not allow certain limitations of liability, such as those set forth above; therefore, the above terms may not apply to you.
Instead, in such jurisdictions, the limitations of liability contained in this Section are applicable only to the extent permitted by the laws in force in such jurisdictions.
Additionally, you may have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction, and nothing in this TOS will infringe any legal rights you may have as a consumer of the Services.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Rovio and its subsidiaries (and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, shareholders and employees of Rovio and its subsidiaries) from any claims, demands, damages or other losses, therein including reasonable attorneys' fees, claimed by any third party arising out of your use of the Services or any breach of this TOS by you; however, the foregoing does not apply if the third-party claim is not attributable to your intentional or negligent conduct.
13.
Copyright e DMCA
If you believe that the Services or any content therein infringes upon your copyrights, please submit a DMCA notice (report of copyright infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the copyright law of the United States) via postal mail to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland or, alternatively, by email to: legal@rovio.com.
DMCA notices sent to the specified address will reach Rovio's registered DMCA agent.
You will need to include the following information in your DMCA notice:
Identify the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed.
If your DMCA notice involves multiple works, you may provide a representative list of such works;
Identify what you believe to be the infringing material, including a description of where the infringing material is located.
Your description must be reasonably sufficient to permit Rovio to locate such material;
provide your full legal name, postal address, telephone number and (if available) email address;
Include the following statement in the body of your DMCA notice:
“I have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
I certify that the information in this DMCA Notice is truthful and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf."
Please note that pursuant to Title 17 § 512(f) of the U.S. Code, if you knowingly submit a false report regarding allegedly infringing material or activity, you may be held liable for damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, to Rovio or your respective users.
If you are unsure whether the material or activity you are reporting is infringing, you may want to contact an attorney before submitting a notice to Rovio.
14.
Third Party Products and Services
The Services may contain links to third-party products or services or otherwise make them available, such as through third-party advertisements, social media connectivity or community services, or game registration or sharing services.
These products and services are subject to the terms and conditions of their respective third parties.
Please read these third party terms and conditions carefully as they constitute an agreement between you and the respective third party service provider, to which Rovio is not a party.
You acknowledge that Rovio does not endorse or make any warranties regarding the content, goods or services provided by such third parties.
Rovio is not liable to you for any loss or damage caused by such third parties or any expenses incurred by you in connection therewith.
You acknowledge that disclosure of your data to such third parties is governed by their Privacy Policy (if any) and that our Privacy Policy does not apply in relation to such data.
15.
Changes to this TOS
Subject to the “Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver” Section, Rovio may update this TOS from time to time in light of changing legal, technical, or business developments.
When updating this TOS, Rovio will take appropriate measures to notify you through the Services or otherwise, based on the significance of the changes made.
By continuing to access or use the Services after any updates become effective, you agree to be bound by the updated TOS.
16.
Applicable legislation
If you are a resident of the United States, in addition to the “Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver” section above, this TOS is governed by the laws of the State of California and applicable U.S. federal law, excluding its private international law rules .
If you are located outside the United States, you agree that all disputes between you and Rovio will be governed by the laws of Finland, excluding its rules of private international law.
You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Rovio shall be resolved exclusively by a court located in Espoo, Finland.
If you are a consumer resident in the EEA, you can also use the Online Dispute Resolution Platform offered by the European Commission as an out-of-court alternative for dispute resolution.
Please note that Rovio may have no obligation to accept the use of this platform or other alternative dispute resolution platforms.
If the jurisdiction of your domicile prohibits Rovio from applying the choice of law provision, nothing in this TOS will limit your rights under the laws in force in your domicile.
17.
General clauses
Whole deal.
This TOS and the Privacy Policy sets forth the entire agreement between you and Rovio regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between you and Rovio.
Assignment.
Rovio may assign this TOS, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent, provided that such assignment does not limit your rights under this TOS.
You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under this TOS without Rovio's prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment or delegation by you will be null and void.
Severance clause.
If any provision of this TOS is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of this TOS will remain in full force and effect.
Rovio's failure to enforce any right or provision of this TOS will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision.
No waivers.
Rovio's failure to exercise or enforce its rights under this TOS does not constitute a waiver of that right.
Any waiver of these rights will be effective only if made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Rovio.
Contact details.
If you have any questions regarding this TOS, please contact: support@rovio.com.
18.
Additional Terms for Apple Users
In addition to the conditions set forth above, if you access the Services using Apple Inc. devices (“
Apple”) the following conditions apply.
You acknowledge and agree that this TOS is between you and Rovio, not Apple, and that Rovio, not Apple, is responsible for the Services and their contents.
The license granted to you under this TOS is subject to the permitted use rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service and any third-party terms and conditions contained therein.
You have the obligation to comply with all third-party terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Services.
Rovio, not Apple, is responsible to you for: (i) providing any maintenance or support for the Services in accordance with this TOS; and (ii) addressing any claims you may have regarding the Services, including product liability claims, claims that the Services fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, and claims made under the Privacy Policy. consumers or equivalent laws.
If the Services fail to conform to any warranties or other conditions set forth in this TOS or applicable law, you may notify Apple, and Apple may thereafter refund the purchase price (if any) for the applicable Services.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligations with respect to the Services.
In the event of any third party claim that the Services or your possession and use of the Services constitutes a violation of that third party's intellectual property rights, Apple shall not be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, or compliance of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this TOS.
By accepting this TOS, you acknowledge that Apple will have the right to enforce this TOS against you as a third party beneficiary.
