Ryanair Website Terms of Use
1.
General provisions.
This website is the property of Ryanair DAC, an Irish company with registration number 104547 and registered office at Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co.
Dublin, Ireland (hereinafter "Ryanair").
By browsing this website and using its contents, directly or through third parties, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use and to act in full compliance with them.
In particular, you agree not to do anything prohibited by the following paragraphs 3 to 7.
If the user does not accept these Terms of Use, he is not authorized to browse the website or use its contents, and he undertakes to do so.
2.
Exclusive online sales channel.
This website is the only one authorized to sell Ryanair Group flights (where "Ryanair Group" includes Ryanair DAC, Ryanair Sun, Ryanair UK and Laudamotion), both if they are purchased individually and if purchased together with other services.
Price comparison sites may enter into a written license agreement with Ryanair which authorizes them to access Ryanair Group ticket, timetable and flight information for the sole purpose of providing price comparisons.
3.
Permitted use.
You are not authorized to use this website (including the mobile app and any web pages and/or data that is filtered through the ryanair.com web domain), the underlying computer programs (including the application interfaces “APIs” ), domain names, Uniform Resource Locators (the “URLs”), databases, its functions and contents, except for personal and non-commercial purposes.
The use of any automatic system or software, whether operated by a third party or not, for the purpose of extracting data from the website for commercial purposes ("screen scraping") is strictly prohibited.
4.
Reservation of the right to ensure permitted use of the website and to prevent unauthorized use.
In order to enforce its rights and prevent unauthorized use of the website, Ryanair reserves the right to take all measures it deems necessary, without giving any notice, including the initiation of legal proceedings, against any party involved in unauthorized use of this website, including the use of blocking technologies (which may in turn lead to the execution of automatic searches on the websites of such third parties, the screen scraping of such sites, the screen scraping of the Ryanair website by such third parties, violation of the terms of use of such websites or other similar and associated actions).
5.
Consent (to Ryanair) to investigate breaches.
Ryanair reserves the right to initiate any investigations deemed necessary (including through the use of technological tools) in relation to any breach of these Terms of Use.
By accessing this website, you authorize Ryanair to undertake all necessary investigations to prevent unauthorized use of the website.
6.
Intellectual property rights.
All information, data, underlying computer programs (including APIs), domain names, URLs, databases, and materials on this website, including names, logos, flight schedules, prices, etc. , as well as the color combination and layout of the website, are protected by copyright, registered trademark rights, proprietary rights on databases and/or other intellectual property rights.
You may use the content only to the extent strictly necessary for a permissible personal, non-commercial purpose.
Any other use and/or reproduction of such contents is prohibited without the prior written consent of Ryanair.
Unauthorized use constitutes a breach of these Terms of Use, and may constitute a violation of Ryanair's intellectual property rights.
7.
Links to this website.
The user may not create and/or use links to this website without the prior written consent of Ryanair.
8.
Limited responsability.
Ryanair accepts no liability for any loss and/or damage arising from the use of this website or any other site to which a link is provided, or from the use of any information published on this website or on such other sites.
9.
Applicable law and competent court.
Use of any Ryanair Group website, including access to information relating to flight details, prices etc., is conditional upon your acceptance of being subject to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Republic of Ireland and the application of the law in that jurisdiction (except as required by mandatory provisions of consumer law), regardless of whether access to such information or facilities is in your own interest or on behalf of a third party .
In its sole and absolute discretion, Ryanair may bring legal action against any party who breaches these Terms of Use, in Ireland, in the country in which the breach occurred or in the country in which the party is domiciled. infringing or, if there are multiple infringing parties, in the country of residence of one of them, and all other parties must agree to be subject to such jurisdiction.
For clarity, if a passenger transported or to be transported, by virtue of a transport contract stipulated with one of the Ryanair Group companies, intends to initiate legal action against a Ryanair Group company on the basis of the aforementioned transport contract, such action may be brought by the passenger exclusively in accordance with the provisions of the 1999 Montreal Convention and EC Regulation no. 2027/1997 (as amended by Regulation no. 889/2002) and any subsequent amendments.
