https://web.archive.org/web/20170718231142/https://www.snap.com/it-IT/terms/
Snap Group Limited Terms of Service
(if you live outside the United States)
Effective from: 10 January 2017
Welcome!
We are pleased that you have decided to use Snapchat and our other products and services, which we will collectively refer to hereinafter as the "Services."
We have created these Terms of Service (hereinafter "Terms") to let you know the rules that govern our relationship with you.
We have made every effort to eliminate legal language, but some parts of the Terms may still read like a traditional contract.
This is because these Terms effectively constitute a legally binding contract between you and Snap Group Limited.
Please therefore read them carefully.
By using the Services, you agree to these Terms.
If you do not agree to the Terms, do not use the Services.
These Terms apply to you if you reside outside of the United States of America or if you are using the Services on behalf of a company located outside of the United States of America.
If you are located in the United States or are using the Services on behalf of a company located there, the Snap Inc. Terms of Service.
are the applicable terms.
ARBITRATION NOTE: IF YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, YOUR COMPANY IS REQUIRED TO COMPLY WITH THE ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT APPEARS LATER IN THESE TERMS.
Who can use the Services
No one under the age of 13 may create an account or use the Services.
We may offer additional Services under additional conditions that may require you to be even older to use the Services.
We therefore invite you to read all the Terms carefully.
By using the Services, you declare that:
To be able to enter into a binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
You are not a person denied use of the Services under the laws of the United States, United Kingdom or other applicable jurisdiction; or not to be included in the United States Department of the Treasury's list of "Specially Designated Nationals" or to be subject to any other similar prohibition.
You will comply with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a company or other individual, you represent that you are authorized to grant each permission set forth in these Terms and that you agree to these Terms on behalf of the company or other individual.
2.
Rights we grant you
Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services.
This license is intended solely to permit you to use and take advantage of the Services as permitted by these Terms and usage policies, such as our Community Guidelines.
Any software we provide may automatically download and install updates, later versions, or other new features.
You can manage these automatic downloads through your device settings.
You are not authorized to copy, modify, distribute, sell or rent our Services, in whole or in part.
Furthermore, you are not permitted to reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of the software unless laws prohibit such restrictions or you have our written consent.
3.
Rights you grant us
Many of our Services allow you to create, upload, publish, send, receive and store content.
In doing so, you retain any ownership rights in that content.
However, you grant us the right to use such content.
The scope of this license depends on the Service you use and the Settings you select.
For all services other than Live, Local and other crowdsourced Services, agreements to Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and our affiliates a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish and distribute such content while you use the Services.
This license is for the sole purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting and improving the Services as well as researching and developing new ones.
Because Live, Local and any other crowdsourced Services are public by nature and are in the public interest, the license you grant for content generated with these Services is broader.
In addition to granting us the rights referenced in the preceding paragraph, you also grant us a license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, transmit, assign for a fee, sublicense, publicly perform, and publicly display content that you submit to Live, Local, or any other service crowdsourced in any form, on any media channel and with any distribution method (whether currently known or subsequently developed).
To the extent necessary, when you appear in, create, upload, post or submit content to Live, Local or other crowdsourced content, you also grant to Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
to our affiliates and business partners, an unlimited, worldwide right and license to use your name, likeness and voice.
This means, among other things, that you are not entitled to any compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
or our affiliates and business partners, if your name, likeness or voice is broadcast or conveyed via Live, Local or other crowdsourced Services, whether on the Snapchat application or on a platform of one of our business partners.
For more information on how to restrict viewing of your content, take a look at our Privacy Policy and Help Site.
Although we are not required to do so, we may access, review, transmit and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including if we believe your content violates these Terms.
However, you remain solely responsible for the content you create, upload, publish, send or store via the Services.
The Services may contain advertisements.
In consideration of Snap Group Limited granting you access to and using the Services, you agree that Snapchat Limited, Snap Inc.,
our affiliates and our third-party partners may place advertisements on the Services, including personalized advertisements based on information you provide to us or that we collect or obtain about you.
Because the Services feature content that you and other users provide to us, advertising may sometimes appear next to your content.
We are always happy to hear the opinions of our users.
However, we inform you that if you make comments or suggestions spontaneously, we may use your ideas without paying you any compensation.
4.
Third Party Content
Much of the content within our Services is produced by users, publishers and other third parties.
Whether content is disseminated publicly or sent privately, only the person or organization who sent it is responsible for it.
Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review all content appearing on the Services and to remove any content that violates these Terms; however, not all content is necessarily reviewed.
Therefore, we cannot and do not take responsibility for any content that others provide through the Services.
Through these Terms and Community Guidelines, we have made it clear that the Services may not be used inappropriately.
However, because we do not review all content, we cannot guarantee that content on the Services will always comply with our Terms or Guidelines.
5.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
You can find out more about how we handle your data when you use our Services by reviewing the Privacy Policy.
We invite you to read the Privacy Policy carefully as, by using our Services, you accept that your data may be collected and processed by Snap Group Limited in the United Kingdom and by Snap Inc.
in the United States, as well as their affiliates, and transferred outside your country of residence, including countries that may not have the same data protection laws as your country.
6.
Respect for the rights of third parties
Snap Group Limited respects the rights of others and you should too.
You may therefore not use our Services in such a way that your actions:
violate others' rights of disclosure, privacy, copyright, registered or registered trademarks or other intellectual property rights.
constitute abuse, harassment or intimidation.
are defamatory.
constitute spam or unwanted solicitation to our users.
Additionally, you must respect the rights of Snap Group Limited and its affiliates, including Snap Inc.. These Terms do not give you the right to:
use any trademarks, logos, graphics, photographs, videos or other materials used in our Services.
copy, store, download, upload, distribute, assign, transmit, perform, display, make available or otherwise use the Services or the content of the Services, in whole or in part, except as indicated in these Terms.
use the Services, tools provided by the Services, or any content on the Services for commercial purposes without our permission.
In conclusion, you may not use the Services or their contents in ways not expressly authorized by these Terms, nor may you assist others in doing so.
7.
Respect for copyright (Copyright)
We respect copyright.
Therefore, we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove from our Services any infringing materials of which we become aware.
Furthermore, if Snap Group Limited becomes aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights, we will take reasonable steps within our powers to terminate the user's account.
Reporting a possible copyright violation is very simple.
If you believe that something on our Services infringes on a copyright you own or control, please complete this form.
Alternatively, you can forward a report to one of our representatives:
Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291, USA
email: copyright@snap.com
Submitting a notification to our Copyright Agent shall:
contain the physical or digital signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
identify the work protected by the allegedly infringed copyright.
identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that you wish to have removed, or identify access to which you wish to prevent, and provide sufficient information to locate the material.
provide contact information, including postal address, telephone number and email address.
provide a personal statement specifying that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is unauthorized by the rights holder, its agent or applicable law.
provide a statement that the information in your notification is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
8.
Safety
We are committed to maintaining the security of our Services for all our users, but we cannot guarantee it.
This is why we need your help.
By using the Services, you agree to:
Do not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms.
Do not use any robot, spider, crawler or other automatic means or interface to access the Services or to extract information about other users.
You may not use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Services or other users' content or information without our written consent.
Do not use the Services in a way that could interfere with, upset, or adversely affect other users or prevent them from fully enjoying the Services; not use the Services in a way that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Services themselves.
Do not use or attempt to use another user's account, username or password without their permission.
Do not ask other users for their login credentials.
Do not post content that is pornographic or contains violence, threats, expressions of hatred or incitements to violence.
Do not upload viruses or other harmful code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
Do not attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we use or attempt to access areas or features of the Services that you are not authorized to access.
Do not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of our Services, or any system or network.
Do not encourage or promote activities that violate these Terms.
We also care about your safety while using the Services.
Therefore, do not use our Services in ways that may distract you or enforce traffic or safety laws.
For example, never use Snaps while driving and never risk your safety or the safety of others just to take a Snap.
9.
Your account
You are responsible for any activity that occurs on your Snapchat account.
For this reason, it is important to keep it safe.
To do this, you may want to choose a strong password that you don't use for any other accounts.
By using our Services, you declare, in addition to using them with common sense, that:
Do not create more than one account for yourself.
Do not create another account if we have already deactivated one for you, unless you have received our written consent.
Do not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to your Snapchat account, Live, Snaps, a Snapchat username, or a friend's link without our written consent.
Don't share your password.
Do not access or attempt to access the Services through any unauthorized third-party applications or clients.
If you believe someone has accessed your account, contact Snapchat Support immediately.
10.
Memories
Ricordi is our data storage service that makes it easier to relive the past, anytime, anywhere.
By accepting these Terms, you automatically enable Memories.
Once the Memories feature is turned on, it will remain turned on for as long as your Snapchat account is active.
However, you can disable some Memories features through the settings.
One of the options we provide with Ricordi is the ability to create a private area by setting a passcode, which can be a PIN or passphrase or other mechanism.
This feature is similar to the device lock option you probably use on your mobile device; by setting a passcode it will be less likely that, if another person comes into possession of your device, they will be able to see what you have saved within the restricted area of ​​Memories.
But be careful: if you lose or forget your Ricordi passcode, or if you enter the wrong one too many times, you will lose access to all the content saved in the Ricordi reserved area.
In fact, no passcode recovery method is offered for this reserved area.
Remembering your passcode is your sole responsibility.
Go to our Support Site for more information on this.
Your content in Memories may become unavailable for a variety of reasons, such as a technical operational issue or our decision to terminate your account.
Since we cannot guarantee the perpetual availability of your content, we recommend that you keep a separate copy of the content you save on Ricordi.
We cannot guarantee that Ricordi will be able to fully satisfy your storage needs.
We reserve the right to set storage limits in Memories, which limits we may change from time to time in our sole discretion.
And as with our other Services, your use of Memories may take up space on your device and may be subject to mobile data charges.
None of Ricordi's functions are resalable.
This means that you cannot, for example, use Memories as your personal file storage or as a distribution service for other people.
11.
Data and mobile phone rates
You are responsible for all applicable mobile charges in connection with your use of our Services, including text messaging and data rates.
If you are unsure of the applicable charges, please check with your carrier before using the Services.
If you change or deactivate the mobile number you used to create your Snapchat account, you must update your account information through Settings within 72 hours to prevent us from sending messages intended for you to other people.
12.
Third Party Services
If you use a service, feature or functionality operated by a third party and made available through our Services (including joint Services offered with third parties), the relationship between you and the respective party will be governed by that party's terms.
Né Snap Group Limited né Snap Inc.
are responsible for terms set forth by third parties nor for actions taken pursuant to third party terms.
13.
Modification of the Services and withdrawal
We are constantly improving our Services and creating new ones every time.
This means that we may add or remove features, products or functionality, and we may also suspend or discontinue the Services altogether.
We may take such actions at any time and, if we do so, we will try to give you prior notice, but this will not always be possible.
While we hope you remain a Snapchatter for a long time, you can terminate the Terms, at any time and for any reason, by deleting your account.
Snap Group Limited may also terminate these Terms at any time, for any reason.
In this case we will try to give you prior notification, but we are not able to guarantee this.
Our right to terminate these Terms means that we may stop providing any Services or impose new or additional limitations on your ability to use the Services.
For example, we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity, and we may reuse your username at any time for any reason.
Regardless of who terminates these Terms, both you and Snap Group Limited continue to be bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 13-22 of these Terms.
14.
Compensation
You agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.,
our subsidiaries, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents from and against any and all claims, compensation, demands, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees) resulting from, arising out of or in in any way related to: (a) your access to and use of the Services; (b) your content; and (c) your violation of these Terms.
15.
Exemption
We do our best to keep the Services fully operational and problem-free.
However, we do not guarantee that we will succeed.
The Services are provided "as is" and "as available" and, to the extent permitted by law, without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties, conditions or other terms relating to merchantability , satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, non-infringement, or resulting from commercial conduct.
Furthermore, while Snap Group Limited is committed to providing good user experience, it does not represent or warrant that: (a) the Services will always be secure, error-free or timely; (b) the Services will function at all times and without delays, interruptions or imperfections; or (c) any content or data obtained through the Services is timely or accurate.
Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and their affiliates disclaim all responsibility for any content created, uploaded, posted, sent or stored using our Services by you, another user or any third party.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that may be offensive, unlawful, misleading or otherwise inappropriate, without Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
nor their affiliates are responsible for any of these.
16.
Limitation of Liability
Where permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
and their subsidiaries, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents are not liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or multiple damages, or for any loss of data, use or goodwill, or other intangible losses , resulting from: (a) your use or inability to use the Services; (b) your access to or inability to access the Services; (c) the conduct or content of other users or third parties on or through the Services; or (d) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your content, even if Snapchat Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
In no event shall the overall liability of Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc.
or their affiliates for any claim relating to the Services will exceed the greater of £100 GBP or the amount paid by you to Snap Group Limited, if any, in the last 12 months.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
17.
Dispute Resolution, Arbitration
If there's something that's bothering you, let's talk about it.
First contact us and we will do our best to resolve the problem.
Some of our Services may have additional terms that contain dispute resolution provisions that apply only to that Service or to your country of residence.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business (rather than for your own personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that, to the extent permitted by law, all claims and disputes between us arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of the Services will be finalized in accordance with the LCIA Arbitration Rules, incorporated by reference into this clause.
An arbitrator (appointed by the LCIA) will be present and the seat of the arbitration will be London.
The arbitration will be conducted in the English language.
If you do not agree to this clause, you must not use the Services.
18.
Exclusive forum
To the extent permitted by the parties under these Terms to litigate in court, both you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of our Services will be brought exclusively in the courts of England in the United Kingdom, except where not permitted by the laws of your country of residence.
You and Snap Group Limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
19.
Choice of Applicable Law
The laws of England and Wales govern these Terms and all claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise) arising out of or relating to these Terms or their contents.
The courts in some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales to some disputes relating to these Terms.
If you are a resident of such a country, the laws of your country of residence may apply to such disputes.
20.
Partial nullity
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed independent of these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.
21.
Additional Terms for Specific Services
Given the breadth of our Services, we sometimes need to define additional terms and conditions for specific Services.
These additional terms and conditions, made available with the relevant Services, become part of our agreement when you use such Services.
If any part of such additional terms and conditions conflicts with these Terms, the additional terms and conditions will control.
22.
Final provisions
These Terms (together with any other terms applicable to the specific Services you use) constitute the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede all prior agreements.
These Terms do not create or confer any rights on any third party beneficiaries.
If we fail to enforce any provision of these Terms, this will not constitute a waiver of that provision.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You may not transfer any rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.
Contact us
Snap Group Limited welcomes your comments, questions, concerns or suggestions.
You can send us your comments or receive assistance using this online form.
The company responsible for the Services outside the United States is called Snap Group Limited and is located in the United Kingdom at 7-11 Lexington Street, London W1F 9AF, United Kingdom, with company number 09763672.
Authorized Representative: David Lewis, Director.
VAT number: GB 237218316.
