https://web.archive.org/web/20170330202532/https://www.spotify.com/it/legal/end-user-agreement/
Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use
In force from 01 November 2016
1. Introduction
2 Variation of the Agreements
3 Using Spotify
4 Rights recognized by Spotify to users
5 Third party applications
6 User Generated Content
7 Rights recognized by users of Spotify
8 User Guidelines
9 Violation and Reporting of User Content
10 Limitations and variations of the Service
11 Brand Accounts
12 Spotify Support Community
13 Customer support
14 Export control
15 Payments, cancellations and change of mind
16 Termination and cancellation
17 Warranty and disclaimer
18 Limitations
19 Third Party Rights
20 Entire agreement
21 Severability and derogability
22 Assignment
23 Compensation
24 Choice of Jurisdiction, Mandatory Arbitration, and Court
25 Contacts
Good morning and welcome to our Terms and Conditions of Use.
These are an important part of your legal rights, so please read this Section, our Privacy Policy and other terms referenced in this document carefully.
We hope you are sitting comfortably listening to good music.
Let's begin…
1. Introduction
Thank you for choosing Spotify (“Spotify”, “we”, “our”).
By subscribing to or otherwise using the Spotify Service, websites and software applications (collectively the “Spotify Service” or the “Service”), or by accessing any content or materials made available by Spotify through the Service (the “Content”), you user enters into a binding contract with the Spotify entity indicated at the end of this document.
The Spotify Service also includes the Spotify Support Community, as further described in the Spotify Support Community section.
The Spotify Service includes social and interactive features.
The use of the Spotify Service is based on certain technical requirements.
The agreement between us and you includes these Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”) and our Privacy Policy. (
The Terms, Privacy Policy, and any additional terms you agree to as set forth in the Entire Agreement section are collectively referred to as “Agreements.”)
If you wish to review the terms of the Agreements, their current version is available on the Spotify website.
You acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted the Agreements, and that you agree to be bound by them.
If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) the Agreements, you must not use the Spotify Service or its Content.
Please read the Agreements carefully.
The Agreements cover important information about the Spotify Services we provide and any costs, taxes and fees Spotify invoices you.
The Agreements contain information about future changes to the Agreements, export controls, automatic renewals, limitations of liability, privacy information, a class action waiver, and the resolution of disputes through arbitration rather than in court.
Any information provided by users during the subscription process can be corrected during that process by returning to previous screens and modifying the incorrect information.
In order to use the Spotify Service to access Content, you must (1) be 18 years of age or older, or be 13 years of age or older and provide parental or guardian consent to the Agreements (except as otherwise set forth in the table below) , (2) have the authority to form a binding contract with us and are not barred from doing so under applicable law, and (3) reside in a country where the Service is available.
You further promise to provide Spotify with true, accurate, and complete registration information, and you agree to keep it that way at all times.
Residents of the following countries should review their country-specific age restrictions in the following table:
Country Age requirements
Chile, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru You must be 18 years of age or older, or 15 years of age or older and have consent of a parent or guardian.
Brazil You must be 18 years of age or older, or 16 years of age or older and have consent from a parent or guardian.
Nicaragua, Taiwan You must be 20 years of age or older, or 13 years of age or older and have consent of a parent or guardian.
Bulgaria, Hungary, Germany You must be 18 years of age or older, or 14 years of age or older and have consent from a parent or guardian.
Italy To use the free Service you must be 13 years of age or older.
To sign up for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 years of age or older, or 13 years of age or older and have the consent of a parent or guardian to sign on behalf of the minor.
Malaysia You must be 18 years of age or older, or if between the ages of 13 and 18 you need the consent of a parent or guardian to sign the agreement on behalf of the minor.
Lithuania You must be 13 years of age or older to use the Service.
To sign up for a Paid Subscription you must be 18 years of age or older, or you must be 14 years of age or older and have the consent of a parent or guardian.
For users between the ages of 13 and 18, the Agreement is signed by their guardian.
Canada You must be 13 years of age or older to use the Service.
To sign up for a Paid Subscription you must be an adult in your territory/province of residence, or be 13 years old or older and have the consent of a parent or guardian.
Spain To use the free Service you must be 14 years of age or older.
To sign up for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 years of age or older, or 14 years of age or older and have the consent of a parent or guardian to sign on behalf of the minor.
2 Variation of the Agreements
Spotify may make changes to the Agreements from time to time and at its discretion.
If we make material changes to the Agreements, Spotify will notify you as appropriate under the circumstances, such as by displaying important notices within the Service or by sending you an email.
In some cases, Spotify will notify users in advance, and continued use of the Service after changes have been made will constitute such users' acceptance of the changes.
Please be sure to read any such notices carefully.
If you do not wish to continue using the Service in accordance with the new version of the Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by contacting us via the Customer Service contact form.
3 Using Spotify
Here's some information on ways you can use Spotify.
3.1 Our Services and Paid Subscriptions
Spotify provides streaming services that offer a selection of music and other content.
Some Spotify Services are provided free of charge.
Other Spotify Services require payment before you can access them.
Currently, the Spotify Services that can be accessed after payment are referred to as “Premium Services” and “Unlimited Services” (collectively the “Paid Subscriptions”).
Spotify Services that do not require payment are currently referred to as “Free Services.”
To learn more about our services, visit our website.
Unlimited Services may not be available to all users.
Spotify will specify which ones are available when you sign up for the services.
If you cancel or terminate a subscription to Unlimited Services (for example, due to a change in your payment information), you may not be able to activate the relevant subscription again.
Please note that Unlimited Services may be discontinued where it is no longer possible to charge you for them.
For users residing in Turkey, access to the Free Services may be limited to a specific number of listening hours per month.
3.2 Codes and other prepaid offers
For users who have purchased or received a code, gift card, prepaid offer or other offer provided or sold by or on behalf of Spotify for access to a paid Subscription (“Code”), such Separate terms and conditions presented in conjunction with the Code may apply to accessing the Service, and you agree to abide by those terms and conditions.
3.3 Trial Periods
From time to time, Spotify or other companies acting on our behalf may offer trial periods of paid Subscriptions for a specified period at no charge or at a reduced rate (“Trial Period”).
Spotify reserves the right to determine, in its sole discretion, a user's eligibility for a Trial Period and, subject to applicable law, to withdraw or modify a Trial Period at any time without prior notice and without liability , to the maximum limits permitted by law.
For some Trial Periods, Spotify requires you to provide payment information to begin trials.
UPON THE END OF SUCH TRIAL PERIODS, WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY BEGIN CHARGING THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION FROM THE FIRST DAY AFTER THE END OF THE TRIAL PERIOD, WITH CHARGING REPEATEDLY EACH MONTH.
BY PROVIDING YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS AT THE START OF THE TRIAL PERIOD, YOU AGREE TO THIS CHARGE VIA THESE PAYMENT DETAILS.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO ACCEPT THE CHARGE, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION VIA YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIPTION PAGE, OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF YOUR TRIAL PERIOD.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO CONTINUE TO RECEIVE REGULAR MONTHLY CHARGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION VIA YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIPTION PAGE, OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE CURRENT MONTHLY PERIOD.
PAID SUBSCRIPTIONS CANNOT BE TERMINATED PRIOR TO THE END OF THE ALREADY PAID FOR PERIOD AND, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, SPOTIFY WILL NOT REFUND ANY PREPAID FEES.
THE LIMITATIONS SECTION SET FORTH ADDITIONAL TERMS RELATING TO CANCELLATION OF A PAID SUBSCRIPTION.
4 Rights recognized by Spotify to users
The Spotify Service and its Content are the property of Spotify or its licensors.
Spotify grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to use the Spotify Service, and a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to make personal, non-commercial, entertainment use of the Content (the “License”) .
This License remains in effect until it expires and unless terminated by you or Spotify.
You promise and agree that you will use the Content only for your personal, non-commercial and entertainment purposes, and that you will not redistribute or transfer the Spotify Service or the Content.
The Spotify Software Applications and Content are licensed to you, not sold, and Spotify and its licensors retain ownership of all copies of the Spotify Software Applications and Content, even after installation on your personal computer, handheld device, tablets and/or other similar devices of yours (“Devices”).
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other Spotify brand features (“Spotify Brand Features”) are the exclusive property of Spotify or its licensors.
The Agreements do not grant you the right to use any Spotify Brand Features for any commercial or non-commercial use.
You agree to abide by our User Guidelines and not to use the Spotify Service, the Content, or any portion thereof in any way not expressly permitted by the Agreements.
Except for the rights expressly granted to you under these Agreements, Spotify does not grant you any right, title or interest in or to the Spotify Service or Content.
Third party software (e.g. open source software libraries) included in the Spotify Service is licensed to you under the relevant third party's Software Library Agreements or license terms, as published in the Help or Settings section of the our software for desktop computers and mobile clients and/or on our website.
5 Third party applications
The Spotify Service is integrated with third-party applications, websites and services (“Third-Party Applications”) to make content, products and/or services available to users.
These Third Party Applications may have their own Terms of Use and Privacy Policies, and your use of them will be governed by and subject to those Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policies.
You understand and agree that Spotify does not endorse and is not responsible for the conduct, functionality or content of any Third Party Applications or any transactions you may enter into with the provider of such Third Party Applications.
6 User Generated Content
Spotify users may post, upload and/or contribute (“post”) content to the Service, including, for example, images, text, messages, information, playlist compilations and/or other types of content (“User Content ”).
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “User Content” includes any content you post to the Spotify Support Community, as well as any other part of the Spotify Service.
With respect to User Content you post on Spotify, you warrant that (1) you have the right to post such User Content and that (2) such User Content, or Spotify's use thereof as contemplated in the Agreements, does not violate the Agreements , applicable laws or intellectual property rights (including and without limitation copyrights) publicly or personally, or other rights of any other person, nor does it imply any endorsement of or sponsorship of you or your User Content by Spotify or any artist, group music, label, entity or individual without the prior written consent of such individual or entity.
Spotify may, but has no obligation to, monitor, review or edit User Content.
However, Spotify reserves the right to remove or disable access to any User Content, with or without cause, including but not limited to User Content that, in Spotify's sole discretion, violates the Agreements.
Spotify may take these actions without prior notice to users or third parties.
Removal or disabling access to User Content shall be at Spotify's sole discretion, and we do not promise to remove or disable access to any specific User Content.
You are solely responsible for any User Content that you post.
Spotify is not responsible for User Content, nor does it endorse any opinions contained in any User Content.
IF ANYONE BRINGS A CLAIM AGAINST SPOTIFY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY USER CONTENT YOU POSTED, YOU AGREE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW, TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD SPOTIFY IMMUNE FROM AND IN RESPECT OF ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING REASONABLE LEGAL FEES AND COSTS) RESULTING FROM ANY SUCH CLAIM.
7 Rights recognized by users of Spotify
In consideration of the rights granted to you under the Agreements, you grant us the right to (1) allow the Spotify Service to use processor, bandwidth and storage hardware on your Device to facilitate the operation of the Service, (2) provide advertising and other information to you and (3) allow our business partners to do the same.
As part of the Spotify Service, the Content you view, including selection and placement, may be influenced by commercial considerations including any agreements with third parties.
Some Content licensed or provided to Spotify (for example, podcasts) may contain advertising as part of the Content.
In such cases, Spotify will make the aforementioned Content available to users without making any changes to it.
If you provide Spotify with feedback, ideas or suggestions regarding the Spotify Service or the Content (“Feedback”), you acknowledge that such Feedback is non-confidential and you authorize Spotify to use it without limitation or payment to you in question.
Feedback is considered a type of User Content.
You grant to Spotify a non-exclusive, transferable, subcontractable, royalty-free, perpetual (or, in jurisdictions where this is not permitted, for a term equal to the term of the Agreements plus twenty (20) years), irrevocable, completely paid and valid worldwide to use, reproduce, make available to the public (for example for a performance or exhibition), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works from and distribute any User Content in connection with the Service and in any medium , whether alone or in combination with other content or materials, in any manner and by any means, methods or technology, whether already known or hereafter created.
Other than the rights specifically granted herein, you retain ownership of all rights, including intellectual property rights, in and to your User Content.
Where applicable and permitted by applicable law, you also agree to waive any “moral rights” (or equivalent under applicable law) as your right to be identified as the author of any User Content, including Feedback and the right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
8 User Guidelines
Spotify respects intellectual property rights and expects users to do the same.
Spotify has established some basic rules that users must follow when using the Service to ensure that Spotify remains a product that can be enjoyed by everyone.
Please follow these rules and encourage other users to do the same.
The following is not allowed for any reason:
copy, redistribute, reproduce, “mine,” record, transfer, publicly perform or display, transmit or make available to the public any portion of the Spotify Service or Content, or otherwise make any use of the Spotify Service or Content that does not is expressly permitted under the Agreements or applicable law, or otherwise infringes intellectual property rights (such as copyright) in the Spotify Service, Content, or any portion thereof;
use the Spotify Service to import or copy local files for which you do not have the necessary legal rights to do so;
transfer copies of cached Content from an Authorized Device to any other Device by any means;
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative works based on the Spotify Service, Content, or any portion thereof, except as permitted by applicable law;
circumvent any technology used by Spotify, its licensors or other third parties to protect the Content or Service;
sell, rent, subcontract or lease any portion of the Spotify Service or Content;
bypass any territorial restrictions applied by Spotify or its licensors;
artificially increase play counts, or otherwise manipulate the Services through scripts or other automated processes;
remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property notices contained in or provided through the Spotify Service (including to obscure or alter any indications of ownership or provenance in any Content);
provide your password to any other person, or use any other person's username and password;
crawl the Spotify Service, or use other automated means (including bots, scrapers, and spiders) to collect information from Spotify; or
sell user accounts or playlists, or otherwise accept any financial or other compensation to influence the name of an account or playlist or the content included in an account or playlist.
Please respect Spotify, the owners of the Content and other users of the Spotify Service.
Do not engage in any activity, post User Content, or register and/or use a username that is or includes material:
offensive, derogatory, defamatory, pornographic, threatening or obscene;
illegal or designed to promote or commit illegal acts of any kind, including but not limited to infringement of any intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or exclusive rights of Spotify or any third party;
purposely containing your password, the password of another user or personal data of third parties, or designed to solicit the provision of such personal data;
malicious such as malware, Trojan horses or viruses, or otherwise interfering with user access to the Service;
designed or likely to cause annoyance or harassment to other users;
capable of impersonating or misrepresenting your affiliation with any other user, person or entity, or otherwise fraudulent, false, deceptive or misleading;
that uses automated means to artificially promote content;
that involves the transmission of unsolicited mass messages or other forms of spam (“spam”), junk mail, chain messages or the like, including through your Spotify inbox;
that involves commercial or sales activities, such as advertising, promotions, contests, sweepstakes, or pyramid schemes, that are not expressly authorized by Spotify;
that links to, references, or otherwise promotes any commercial product or service, except as expressly authorized by Spotify;
capable of interfering with or in any way disrupting the Spotify Service, tampering with, violating or attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Service or Spotify's computer systems or network, usage rules or any other component of Spotify's security, authentication or other protection measures applicable to the Service, Content or any part thereof; or
that causes conflicts with the Agreements, as determined by Spotify.
You understand and agree that posting such User Content may result in immediate termination or suspension of your Spotify account.
You also agree that Spotify may recall your username for any reason.
Please be careful how you use the Spotify Service and what you share.
The Spotify Service includes social and interactive features, including the ability to post User Content, share content, and make certain personal information public.
Please remember that information you share or publicly available may be used or re-shared by others on Spotify or elsewhere on the web, so please use Spotify with caution and be aware of your account settings.
Spotify has no responsibility whatsoever for your decision to post materials on the Service.
Your password protects your user account, and you are solely responsible for keeping it confidential and secure.
You understand that you are responsible for all use of your username and password on the Service.
If your username or password is stolen or lost, or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by a third party, please notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible.
9 Violation and Reporting of User Content
Spotify respects the rights of intellectual property owners.
If you believe that any Content violates your intellectual property rights or other rights, please review Spotify's copyright policy.
If Spotify is notified by a copyright owner that any Content has infringed a copyright, Spotify may take action in its sole discretion without prior notice to the provider of such Content.
If the provider believes that the content in question does not cause infringement, it may submit a counter-notification to Spotify requesting it to restore the removed content.
If you believe that any Content does not comply with the User Guidelines, please complete our report form.
10 Limitations and variations of the Service
Spotify will make reasonable efforts to keep the Spotify Service operational.
However, from time to time some technical difficulties or maintenance operations may cause temporary interruptions.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Spotify reserves the right to modify or discontinue, periodically and at any time, and temporarily or permanently, features and functionality of the Spotify Service, with or without notice and without liability to you, except where prohibited by law, for any interruption, modification or termination of the Spotify Service or any related features or functionality.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have upfront fees for Paid Subscriptions permanently terminated by Spotify prior to the end of the Upfront Term (as defined in the Payments, Cancellations and Reconsiderations section), after such termination Spotify will refund you advance fees for the prepaid period.
You understand and agree that Spotify assumes no obligation to maintain, support, improve, or update the Service, or to provide any specific content through the Service.
This section will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
From time to time, Spotify and/or the owners of the Content may remove such Content without notice to the extent permitted by applicable law.
11 Brand Accounts
Where you create a Spotify account on behalf of a company, organisation, entity or brand (a “Brand” and such account a “Brand Account”), the terms “user” and “your” as used herein of the Agreements apply to both you and the Brand, as applicable.
When you create a Brand Account, you warrant and guarantee that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in the Agreements and to bind the Brand to compliance with the Agreements.
11.1 Follow-up
The Brand can only follow users who in turn follow the Brand first; and the Brand may not take any action involving a sponsorship or other relationship between the Brand and the followed user, except where the Brand has independently obtained the rights permitting such a sponsorship.
A Brand must unfollow a user at Spotify's request and in Spotify's sole discretion.
11.2 Listening
The Brand cannot disseminate media via streaming.
11.3 Sending messages
The Brand can only send messages to users who first send messages to the Brand.
11.4 Playlists and Brand Sharing
Brand may not create or share, whether within the Spotify Service or elsewhere, Spotify playlists containing an endorsement or other relationship between Brand and any artist or other party, except where Brand has independently obtained the rights thereto to this sponsorship.
For information, Brands can review Spotify's Brand Playlist Guidelines.
12 Spotify Support Community
The Spotify Support Community is a place where you can discuss and exchange information, suggestions, and other materials related to the Spotify Service.
In order to use the Spotify Support Community, you must (1) have an existing Spotify account; and (2) authenticate your Spotify account for use in the Support Community (a “Spotify Support Account”).
Instructions on how to create a Spotify Support Account are available on the Community registration page.
In addition to the Agreements, when using the Spotify Support Community you also agree to abide by the Spotify Support Community Guidelines that you will receive upon registration (the “Support Community Guidelines”).
If you do not agree to the Support Community Agreements or Guidelines, you should not use the Spotify Support Community.
12.1 Spotify Support Account
By creating a Spotify Support Account, you confirm that the registration information you provide to Spotify is true, accurate and complete, and you agree to change such information to keep it current.
You are strictly prohibited from posting information in your profile that suggests you are a Spotify employee or moderator, or otherwise impersonating such an employee or moderator when using the Spotify Support Community.
You also understand and agree that Spotify may remove or recall your username at any time where Spotify, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate to do so.
12.2 No official support
No User Content or other content posted on the Spotify Support Community by Spotify employees, moderators and/or representatives should be considered official endorsement material provided by Spotify.
For more information on official support, please see the Customer Support Section.
Content provided or made available to you on the Spotify Support Community by Spotify employees, moderators and/or representatives is provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind.
You acknowledge that the opinions expressed in User Content on the Spotify Support Community are solely those of the authors of such User Content and are not the opinions or policies of Spotify or any of its officers, shareholders, employees, agents, directors, affiliates , subsidiary, supplier or licensor.
12.3 Compensation Program
The Spotify Support Community has a compensation system where Spotify may, at its sole discretion, reward users based on the amount of “Kudo” received or the quality of responses collected.
You agree to award Kudo only to other users (and not to yourself) and only when deserved, and to refrain from any attempt to manipulate the compensation system, such as by creating multiple accounts or artificial responses.
You agree that Spotify's decisions regarding any compensation are final and binding.
13 Customer support
To obtain customer support for account and payment questions (“Customer Service Inquiries”), please send a note to our Customer Service department via the Customer Service contact form located in the Company Information section of our site Web.
Spotify will make reasonable attempts to respond to all Customer Service Requests within a reasonable time frame, but makes no guarantee that Customer Service Requests will be responded to in any particular time frame and/or that it is possible to answer you satisfactorily.
14 Export control
Spotify's products may be subject to U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations or similar laws in other jurisdictions, including the U.S. Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulation (“EAR”), trade sanctions and economic provisions established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) of the US Department of the Treasury and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) of the US Department of State.
You confirm that (1) you are not located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria; and (2) not be a sanctioned party as specified in the regulations listed above.
You agree to comply with all applicable export and re-export laws and regulations, including the EAR, OFAC trade and economic sanctions, and ITAR.
In particular, you agree not to sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any products, software, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technologies) received from Spotify under of the Agreements for any destination, entity or person excluded under applicable laws or regulations of the United States or other jurisdiction without the prior authorization of the relevant government authorities, as required by such laws and regulations.
This export control clause will remain in effect even in the event of termination or cancellation of the Agreements.
15 Payments, cancellations and change of mind
Paid Subscriptions may be purchased directly from Spotify or through a third party, such as a telephone company, by either (1) paying a monthly subscription fee; or (2) by prepaying to have access to the Spotify Service for a specified period of time (“Advance Term”).
If you purchase a paid Subscription using a Code, such Subscription will automatically terminate at the end of the Advance Term, or if you have an insufficient advance balance to pay for the Service.
When you sign up for a Paid Subscription, Trial or Online Code, you agree to immediately gain access to Spotify Premium.
If you reside outside of the United States and register for a Paid Subscription or Online Code, you may terminate the Agreement, with or without cause, and receive a full refund of the amount you paid within fourteen (14) days of day on which you activated the relevant service (“Cooling-off period”).
However, refunds will not be given where you have used Spotify at any time during the Cooling-Off Period.
Except where the Paid Subscription was purchased as an Upfront Term, your payment to Spotify (or the third party through which you purchased the Paid Subscription, such as a telephone company) will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period , unless you cancel your Paid Subscription via the cancellation page before the end of your current subscription period.
The cancellation will be valid starting from the day following the last day of the current subscription period, and the user will be returned to the free Service level.
However, Spotify will not refund any subscription fees already paid if you cancel your payment or Paid Subscription and/or terminate any of the Agreements (1) after using Spotify during the Cooling-Off Period, (2) after the end of the Cooling-off period (where applicable) or (3) before the end of the current subscription period.
The refund method will depend on the payment method used.
To receive a full refund of the amount paid before the end of the Cooling-Off Period, you must contact Customer Service.
If you purchased your Paid Subscription through a third party, you are also subject to the terms contained in the agreement with that third party (in addition to these Terms).
To cancel your subscription, you must contact the third party directly.
From time to time, Spotify may change the price of Paid Subscriptions, Advance Term (for periods not yet paid for) or Codes and will communicate in advance any price changes and, if applicable, how to accept such changes.
Price changes for Paid Subscriptions will be effective from the subscription period following the date of the change.
Where permitted by local law, by continuing to use the Spotify Service after the price change becomes effective, you agree to the new price.
If you decide not to accept the price change, you have the right to reject it by canceling your subscription to the Spotify Service before the price change comes into effect.
Please be sure to carefully read any notices regarding price changes.
16 Termination and cancellation
The Agreements will remain in effect until terminated by you or Spotify.
However, you understand and agree that the perpetual license granted to you in respect of your User Content, including Feedback, is irrevocable and will therefore continue after the Agreements expire or are terminated for any reason.
Spotify may terminate the Agreements or suspend your access to the Spotify Service at any time, including in the event of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of the Spotify Service and/or the Content or failure to comply with the Agreements.
If you or Spotify terminate the Agreements, or if Spotify terminates your access to the Spotify Service, you agree that Spotify will have no liability to you and that Spotify will not refund any amounts already paid by you, to the maximum limits permitted under current law.
For information about terminating your Spotify account, you can contact us using the Customer Service contact form on the Company Information page.
This section will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
You may terminate the Agreements at any time.
Sections 6, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24 herein will survive this term, and any other section of the Agreements which, either explicitly or by their nature , must remain in force even after the termination of the Agreements.
17 Warranty and disclaimer
SPOTIFY ATTEMPT TO PROVIDE THE BEST SERVICE POSSIBLE, BUT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND.
YOU USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPOTIFY AND ALL CONTENT OWNERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, AND DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SPOTIFY AND THE CONTENT OWNERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
FURTHER, SPOTIFY MAKES NO GUARANTEES AND DOES NOT WARRANT, REPRESENT OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS (OR ITS CONTENT), USER CONTENT OR OTHER PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY THIRD PARTIES ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE OR A WEBSITE HYPERLINKED OR FEATURED IN A BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SPOTIFY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ADVERTISED ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE.
AS WITH ANY PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
IN THIS REGARD, NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION GIVEN ORAL OR WRITTEN BY YOU TO SPOTIFY SHALL CREATE ANY FORM OF WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF SPOTIFY.
IF PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SOME ASPECTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.
THIS DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.
18 Limitations
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND SOLE REMEDY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS TO UNINSTALL THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE AND TO STOP USING THE SPOTIFY SERVICE.
ALTHOUGH SPOTIFY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THEIR CONTENT, AND EVEN IF YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS MAY BE GOVERNED BY SEPARATE AGREEMENTS WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW YOUR SOLE AND SOLE REMEDY OFFERED BY SPOTIFY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THEIR CONTENTS, YOU MAY UNINSTALL AND/OR STOP USING SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SPOTIFY, ITS OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, SUBSIDIARIES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE HELD LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES , PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL; (2) ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), IN ANY CASE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, REGARDLESS OF ANY LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER SPOTIFY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS TO OBTAIN ITS INTENDED RESULT; OR (3) ANY AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT IN VALUE EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO SPOTIFY DURING THE PREVIOUS TWELVE RELEVANT MONTHS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Nothing in the Agreements eliminates or limits Spotify's liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury due to its negligence and, if required by applicable law, gross negligence.
If prohibited by applicable law, certain aspects of this section may not apply in certain jurisdictions.
19 Third Party Rights
You understand and agree that the owners of the Content and certain distributors (for example, app store providers) are intended beneficiaries of the Agreements and have the right to enforce the Agreements directly against you.
Other than as set forth in this section, the Agreements are not intended to give any rights to anyone other than you and Spotify, and in no event will the Agreements create any beneficiary rights for any third party.
Furthermore, the rights to terminate, rescind or accept any variation, waiver or settlement of the Agreements are not subject to the consent of any other person.
If you downloaded the app from the Apple, Inc. App Store (“
Apple") or if you use the app on an iOS device, you confirm that you have read, understood and accepted the following Apple policy.
This Agreement is between you and Spotify only, not Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Service or its contents.
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services in connection with the Service.
In the event of any failure of the Service to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple and Apple will reimburse you for any applicable App Purchase Charges; furthermore, to the extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation of any kind with respect to the Service.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims made by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including but not limited to: (1) product liability claims ; (2) claims that the Service does not conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) complaints made under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement or discharge of any third-party claim that the Service and/or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights.
When using the Service, you agree to comply with applicable third party terms.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and, upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary of the Agreement.
You hereby represent and warrant that (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a US government embargo, or that has been designated a “terrorist supporting” country by the US government; and (2) you are not listed on any US Government list of banned or restricted items.
20 Entire agreement
Except as set forth in this Section or as expressly agreed to in writing between you and Spotify, the Agreements constitute all terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Spotify, and supersede any prior agreements with respect to the subject matter of these Agreements, whether it written or verbal.
Please note, however, that other aspects of your use of the Spotify Service may be governed by additional agreements.
This may include, for example, access to the Spotify Service via a gift card, for free or for discounted Trial Periods.
When you receive an offer for these aspects of your use, you also receive any additional agreements at the same time and can take advantage of the opportunity to accept the additional terms.
Some of these additional terms are listed on Spotify's website.
In the event that there is an irreconcilable conflict between additional terms and these Terms, the additional terms will control.
21 Severability and derogability
Except as otherwise stated in the Agreements, if any provision of the Agreements is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way interfere with or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreements, and the application of this clause will be imposed within the limits established by law.
Any failure by Spotify or third-party beneficiaries to enforce the Agreements or related provisions will not invalidate Spotify's or third-party beneficiary's right to do so.
22 Assignment
Spotify may assign the Agreements or any portion thereof, and may also delegate any obligations under the Agreements.
You may not assign the Agreements or any part thereof, or transfer or sublicense your rights under the Agreements to any third party.
23 Compensation
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Spotify harmless from and against any damages, losses and expenses of any kind (including reasonable costs and attorneys' fees) resulting from: (1) your violation of this Agreement by you; (2) any User Content; (3) any activities you engage in or perform through the Spotify Service; and (4) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
24 Choice of Jurisdiction, Mandatory Arbitration, and Court
24.1 Competent law/jurisdiction
Except where otherwise required under a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or other jurisdiction, the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with such Agreements) are subject to the laws of the state or country indicated in the list below, without regard to choice or conflict of law principles.
Furthermore, you and Spotify agree to assign jurisdiction to the courts listed below to resolve any disputes, claims or controversies arising out of the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with such Agreements). (
In some cases, this jurisdiction will be “exclusive,” meaning that the matter cannot be heard by courts in any other country; is competent; in other cases, the jurisdiction will be "non-exclusive", indicating that the courts of other countries may also have jurisdiction.
These differences are indicated in the table.)
Country Law to be adopted Jurisdiction
Poland, Italy Swedish laws Exclusive; local country courts
Türkiye Swedish laws Non-exclusive; courts and other courts of the Republic of Turkey
Brazil Brazilian Laws Exclusive; state and federal courts of Sao Paulo, State of Sao Paulo, Brazil
Canada Laws of the Province of Ontario Exclusive; courts of Ontario, Canada
United States, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay State of California, United States Exclusive; state and federal courts in San Francisco County, CA, or New York, NY
Estonia, Hong Kong, Latvia, Lithuania Swedish laws Non-exclusive; Swedish courts
Spain Spanish law Exclusive; courts of the consumer's current domicile in Spain.
All other countries Swedish laws Exclusive; Swedish courts
Spotify does not accept as mandatory codes of conduct in relation to the services provided under these Agreements.
24.2 WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHT
WHERE PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND SPOTIFY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS ACTION MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.
Except as both you and Spotify agree, no arbitrator or judge will consolidate more than one person's claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
24.3 ARBITRATION
If you are located, have headquarters/offices or do business in a jurisdiction where this Section 24.3.
is not applicable, the following mandatory arbitration provisions apply to you:
24.3.1 Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
You and Spotify agree that any cause of action, claim or dispute between you and Spotify arising out of or relating in any way to these Agreements or your relationship with Spotify as a user of the Service (whether in contract, tort , statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory and regardless of whether such claims arise during or after the term of the Agreements) will be resolved through mandatory binding individual arbitration.
Arbitration is more informal than legal action in court.
THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED.
More limited discovery can be made during an arbitration than in court.
The arbitrator must abide by this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorneys' fees), but cannot award declaratory or injunctive relief to anyone other than the parties to the arbitration in question.
This arbitration provision will survive termination of the Agreements.
24.3.2 Exceptions
Without prejudice to clause (24.3.1) above, you and Spotify agree that nothing herein shall exclude, preclude or otherwise limit our rights, at any time, to (1) bring an individual action in a small claims court, (2) pursue enforcement actions through appropriate federal, state, or local agencies where such actions are available, (3) seek injunctive relief in a court, or (4) apply to court to resolve a claim for infringement of intellectual property.
24.3.3 Arbitration Rules
You or Spotify may initiate arbitration proceedings.
Any arbitration between you and Spotify will be settled in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) then in effect (and “ICC Rules”) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules, as modified by these Agreements, and will be administered by the International Court of Arbitration of the ICC.
Any arbitration will be conducted in the English language and, except where otherwise required by mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the law to apply in such arbitration will be that of the State of California, United States, without regard to choice or conflict of law principles.
24.3.4 Submission timing
Any arbitration must be commenced upon the filing of a Demand for Arbitration within ONE (1) YEAR of the date the complaining party becomes or reasonably should become aware of the act, omission or failure giving rise to the complaint. to such complaint; furthermore there shall be no right to any other remedy for any claims not made within that time period.
Where applicable law prohibits limiting the period for submitting complaints to one year, any complaint must be submitted in the shortest amount of time permitted by applicable law.
24.3.5 Notification; Method
A party seeking arbitration must first send written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified mail or Federal Express (signature required), or, if Spotify does not have your physical address on file, by postal mail. electronically (“Notice”).
Spotify's address for notifications is: Spotify, Attn: General Counsel, 45 W. 18th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10011, USA.
The Notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (2) define the specific relief requested (“Demand”).
Spotify will make good faith efforts to resolve your complaint directly, but if we fail to do so within 30 days of receipt of the Notice, you or Spotify may begin an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Spotify shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until the arbitrator has made a final decision and award, if applicable.
If the dispute is ultimately resolved through arbitration in your favor, Spotify will pay you (1) the amount determined by the arbitrator, if applicable, (2) the latest amount set forth in the written agreement offered by Spotify for resolve the dispute before the arbitrator's ruling; or (3) $1,000, whichever is greater.
All documents and information disclosed in the course of the arbitration shall be kept strictly confidential by the recipient and shall not be used by him or her for any purpose other than that of the arbitration or enforcement of its decision and award, and shall not be disclosed except than on trust to persons who have a real need to know them for such purposes or as required by applicable law.
Except as may be required to enforce the arbitrator's decision and award, neither you nor Spotify shall publicly make any announcements or comments or publicize the arbitration, including but not limited to the existence of a dispute between the parties, the existence of arbitration, or any decision or award of the arbitrator.
24.3.6 Changes
In the event of any future changes to this arbitration provision by Spotify (other than any changes to Spotify's notice address), you may reject such changes by sending written notice within 30 days of the date of the change to Spotify notification address; in this case, your account with Spotify will be terminated immediately and this arbitration provision will survive in the form in effect immediately prior to your rejection of the changes.
24.3.7 Applicability
If the class action waiver of Section 24.2 is found to be unenforceable in the arbitration, or any portion of Section 24.3 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of Section 24.3 shall be null and void, and in such case the parties agree that the exclusive venue described in Section 24.1 will govern any action arising out of or relating to the Agreements.
25 Contacts
If you have any questions about the Spotify Service or the Agreements, please contact Spotify customer support by visiting the Company Information section of our website.
If you are a California resident, you may request that the Agreements be sent to you electronically by sending a letter to Spotify, Attn: General Counsel, 45 West 18th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10011, USA, indicating your address e-mail and specifying the request to send the Agreements.
Additionally, pursuant to Civil Code Section 1789.3, to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at address 1625 N. Market Blvd.,
Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at 1-800-952-5210.
Thank you for reading our Terms.
We hope you enjoy using Spotify!
Contracting entity:
Spotify AB
Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm
Sweden
SE556703748501
© Spotify AB.
