https://www.terravision.eu/italiano/terms_conditions.html?noredirect=it_IT
Terms and Conditions of Carriage
Policies and procedures are subject to change at short notice.
Although the information contained in this site is as up-to-date and correct as possible, the Terravision Company cannot be held responsible for losses or damages, direct or indirect, resulting from such information.
Definitions
Admission to service
Services provided
Tickets and reservations
Access to vehicles
Luggage
Terravision responsibility
Complaints
Coupon for the passenger
Passenger behavior
Terravision Communications
Conclusions
Privacy Act
Conditions of Carriage Stansted Services
Travel conditions Airport Bus Express
AEROBÚS travel conditions
Varzi travel conditions
Travel conditions Prague Airport Transfers
Modlin Bus – Terms and Conditions
Faroshuttlebus – Terms and Conditions
Definitions
The following words will have this meaning: “car”: is the vehicle, bus or other means of transport, provided by Terravision and on which the passengers will travel; “journey”: the journey permitted to passengers based on the information on their ticket; “service”: activity carried out by the Company; “baggage”: any object that the passenger brings with him in relation to his trip.
Admission to service
Travelers must have a valid travel document to use the transport service and must keep it for the entire duration of the trip.
The journey is considered concluded after alighting from the vehicle; in the case of a return ticket, the conclusion will take place upon alighting from the vehicle on the return journey.
Services provided
Transport
Terravision transports passengers with a valid ticket on its vehicles.
The ticket is a record of the agreement between the Company and the passenger.
The ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be shown upon request of the Company itself.
Again following an express request, the ticket must be returned to Terravision.
Transport for disabled people
Failure to communicate the disability condition at the time of booking may result in the unavailability of the service and the impossibility of transporting the passenger.
The passenger is invited to contact the company at least 48 hours before departure.
For further information, write to the following email address: customerservices@terravision.eu
Transport of children
Terravision does not provide for the transport of unaccompanied minors (under 14 years of age).
Escort services and other special services are not available.
Children under 14 must be accompanied by a passenger at least 16 years of age, who must book the ride at the same time.
Children up to 4 years old on the departure date can travel without paying for the ticket based on the ordinary fare.
Children over 4 years of age must pay the ticket according to the ordinary fare.
The transport of child seats on board the bus is not permitted.
Animal transport
Terravision is not obliged to transport animals on its vehicles, with the exception of guide dogs for blind or deaf passengers.
Tickets and reservations
Ticket validity
The ticket allows you to use the Terravision service and take the journey declared on it.
If the ticket is altered or damaged it is not valid for the journey provided on it.
E-ticket
E-tickets must be printed and then presented to our staff upon boarding.
In the event of a passenger delay resulting in the loss of the service indicated on the ticket purchased online, the same will also be valid for the next journey.
If the journey missed by the passenger corresponds to the last possible departure of a day, the ticket will be valid for the following day.
Priority boarding is only guaranteed for the departure times booked and shown on the ticket.
Seat reservation
The passenger who wants to reserve a seat on a specific journey must book it online via our booking system before the same departure date.
Reservations depend on seat availability on individual journeys.
Corrections to the ticket
The passenger can request a correction of their ticket both in relation to the type and destination of the same, as long as they are traveling on the same route.
The correction must be requested before the departure of the service indicated on the ticket.
The ticket correction can only be carried out in the offices of the Terravision Company or by its employees with this role.
If the correction of the ticket will result in an increase in price compared to the one paid, the passenger will have to pay the additional price.
Passengers can change the dates and times of their online reservations only by logging into their "My Terravision" account.
Tickets purchased offline through Terravision staff cannot be changed or modified.
Passenger's responsibility
The passenger must always check the booking data (place of departure and arrival, dates, times, number of passengers, etc.) before confirming the purchase.
Even in the case of an e-ticket, the passenger will have to check the correctness of the data entered on the screen before proceeding with the payment.
Invalid ticket
The passenger must travel with a valid ticket.
If, following checks, you are found to be in possession of an invalid ticket, you will have to leave the bus or, alternatively, purchase another ticket directly from the driver.
fake e-ticket
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate an e-ticket held by a passenger if it has reasonable grounds to believe it is false.
It will also be able to prevent the passenger found in possession of this ticket from using its services and possibly take legal action.
Lost ticket
Terravision is not obliged to replace the ticket if it is lost or stolen.
Therefore, if the theft or loss occurs, the passenger who still wishes to use this Company's service will have to purchase a new ticket.
Cancellation Policy: Terravision tickets are non-refundable.
Terravision is not obligated to refund due to incorrect bookings, changes to travel plans or flight delays/cancellations.
Cancellation of private services for groups: Fiumicino, Ciampino, Rome, Civitavecchia Cancellation by the Customer of a confirmed booking will be free of charge if it is made in writing, by e-mail (groups@terravision.eu), at least 5 working days before of the booked service; if, however, the cancellation occurs less than 5 working days from the scheduled travel date, the cost will be fully charged to the end customer.
Access to vehicles
Stop
Getting on and off the cars takes place exclusively at the authorized stops located along the routes of the lines and indicated by special signs.
The passenger has the responsibility to go to the most appropriate stop and ensure that they board the correct bus.
A map of all our stops is available on the website www.terravison.eu.
Passenger delay
On the day of the race you must show up at the stop at least 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
Terravision is not responsible for missed rides resulting from the late arrival of the passenger and is not obliged to delay its service to wait for it.
Tickets from the city to the airport:
passengers are asked to book a service that allows them to arrive at the airport at least 2 hours in advance of the scheduled flight departure time.
Terravision cannot be held responsible in the event of accidents, traffic or all those causes of force majeure beyond our control which may prevent the normal performance of our services.
Users who do not follow the instructions provided by choosing a service that does not allow enough time to carry out the normal boarding procedures (check-in, security checks, etc.) will not be entitled to refunds.
Connections: it is the passenger's responsibility to plan their journey so that there is sufficient time to ensure connections with other means of transport.
In the event that the passenger chooses a connection that does not allow him to arrive at boarding in due time, he will not receive any type of compensation.
Luggage
Baggage allowed
Terravision does not apply additional costs for baggage nor does it place a limit on the number of bags as long as there is space available in the baggage compartment.
Hand luggage is permitted on board only if it is of a size compatible with the compartments dedicated to it and if it does not pose a risk during the journey (this is at the driver's discretion).
Compatibly with the space available on board, the transport of skiing equipment, skates, bicycles and other "special" items, contained in a special case, may also be permitted, at the discretion of the staff, based on the rates in force.
Fragile items such as electrical goods, portable televisions and radios are transportable only if they are of a reasonable size.
Small musical instruments, such as guitars, cellos, violins or violas, can only be brought on the bus by reserving a seat and paying the required fare.
Mobility equipment (folding wheelchairs and other supports) are transported free of charge. In case of doubt as to whether or not to transport an item, the passenger should contact Terravision to find out if the package they are carrying is included. among the transportable ones.
Bus drivers offer assistance to passengers with their luggage but are not obliged to lift it.
For health and safety reasons, Terravision does not accept the carriage of items over 32kg and with dimensions greater than 81cm high, 119cm long and 119cm deep.
The weight limit does not apply to equipment designed to allow the mobility of disabled people.
Terravision assumes no responsibility for items that are not properly packaged, perishable or fragile, or for minor damage to the external surface of luggage (e.g.
scratches, stains, dirt, dents), resulting from normal wear and tear.
Baggage prohibited
Terravision is not obliged to transport: firearms, edged weapons and any sharp objects, blunt objects capable of causing injury, explosive substances, chemical substances, drugs or solvents (except medicines), toxic or infectious substances, such as rat poison, blood infected, radioactive material, corrosive substances, such as mercury and vehicle batteries, and any article, in the opinion of the Company, dangerous, capable of causing injury or which is unsuitable for the type of transport provided due to weight, shape, extreme fragility or perishability.
The objects specified above as prohibited baggage, if found on board, will be immediately unloaded from the vehicle.
Baggage packaging and identification
All baggage following passengers must be perfectly packaged and must also bear an identification plate with the owner's/passenger's personal details and telephone number.
Terravision reserves the right not to accept on board the buses any baggage which, following inspection, is found to lack these requirements.
All baggage, excluding hand luggage, will be stored in the appropriate compartments on the buses.
Hand luggage
The hand luggage will be stored in the compartment next to the passenger and will remain at the passenger's disposal.
For this reason, responsibility, in the event of loss, will be attributable solely to the passenger.
It is advisable to carry valuable or significant economic items in your hand luggage, including money, jewellery, precious metals, identification documents, electronic devices and life-saving drugs.
Liability for lost baggage
In the event of loss of luggage in a car or at a bus station, it will be taken into custody by Terravision.
The passenger will be charged a fee for this service which also includes, where possible, the shipping of lost baggage.
Luggage without telephone number and address will be disposed of within one month of finding it.
The contents of the luggage will be examined and, where considered dangerous or perishable, eliminated within 48 hours of discovery.
Luggage found by other passengers will also be kept in storage and promptly handed over to the car managers.
The loss of baggage must be communicated to our staff immediately and confirmed, with details of all lost objects, within 72 hours of the conclusion of the trip by letter sent to the Terravision Company, Via Archimede 164 – 00197 Rome – Italy or by e – email addressed to customerservices@terravision.eu or any other address advertised for this purpose.
Terravision recommends insuring your luggage for all damages relating to the transport contract with specific insurance companies.
Terravision responsibility
Transport
Terravision has the obligation to transport the passenger with a valid ticket and his baggage in compliance with the rules of this document.
The Company also undertakes to minimize inconveniences and inconveniences relating to travel.
Delay or cancellation of trips
The times published on www.terravision.eu are approximate.
The Company reserves the right to modify them by informing users of the causes of the modification as well as any alternative times.
Terravision can also suspend or cancel journeys, obliging itself to notify passengers.
In the latter case, the Company may choose whether to insert a new journey to replace the suspended one or extend the validity of the passenger's ticket.
Terravision is not responsible in case of losses, damages, costs suffered by passengers due to delay or cancellation of the service.
Terravision has no obligation towards passengers who have not booked the ride.
Cancellation after start of service
If the bus on which the passenger is traveling is not able to reach the destination chosen by the passenger, unless the cause goes beyond the control of Terravision, the Company reserves the right to choose between the following behavioral options: a) choose a vehicle alternative transport that guarantees the passenger's arrival at their destination; b) arrange a replacement vehicle; c) grant reimbursement of expenses incurred by the passenger; d) issue a coupon in favor of the passenger.
Absence of responsibility
Terravision is not responsible for circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
Examples of events beyond the Company's control are the following: war or threat of war, accidents on the service route, severe and exceptional weather conditions, fire and/or damage to a bus station, vandalism, terrorism, unexpected traffic, riots , technical problems or local unrest, theft or loss.
Death and personal injury
In the event of death or personal injury occurring to a passenger due to its own negligence, Terravision will reimburse the damages suffered.
Airline companies
Terravision is not responsible for the quality of service provided by airlines or for any delays or cancellations of transfers.
Complaints
Mode
The passenger must make the complaint personally and, if requested, must provide an identity document as well as the relevant documentation relating to the flight.
If the ticket contains the names of multiple passengers, they must make the complaint at the same time.
The complaint must be submitted to the Terravision offices or sent via email to customerservices@terravision.eu.
The deadline for making a complaint is 30 days from the departure date of the trip.
When making a complaint, the purchased ticket must be attached.
Coupon for the passenger
Characteristics
The coupon is: personal, transferable to third parties, valid for six months starting from the date of issue resulting from the same.
The coupon can be used for all Terravision services as well as in the Terracafè in Rome and Florence.
Extinction of the voucher
If the passenger wants to use a service whose cost is greater than the value of the voucher, he will have to pay the difference in price; if the cost is less he will not receive any compensation for the difference.
Passenger behavior
Required behavior
The passenger must behave correctly and reasonably both in the stations and on board the buses, listening carefully to the instructions of Terravision staff members.
Prohibited behavior
Passengers are prohibited from engaging in inappropriate behaviour, some examples of which are given below: threatening Terravision staff or other users of the service, placing their baggage in such a way as to cause inconvenience to other passengers by blocking emergency exits or the central corridor of the bus, use radios, noisy games, musical instruments, radio devices that disturb other users.
Passengers are prohibited from eating or drinking on board.
Alcoholic or narcotic substances cannot be brought on board the bus nor can passengers who are under the influence of such substances board the bus.
Terravision reserves the right to prevent passengers from boarding the bus or making it easier to get off it, where possible, any passenger who, regardless of the regulations, has engaged in prohibited behaviour.
Responsibility for the behavior of other passengers
Terravision is not responsible for the acts and omissions committed by other passengers on the bus or at the station.
The Company undertakes, however, to monitor the behavior of all users.
Terravision Communications
In relation to time changes, general communications or cancellations of travel itineraries, Terravision will provide passengers with information via e-mail to the address communicated at the time of booking.
Sending the email message will be accepted as proof of receipt.
If a valid e-mail address has not been communicated to Terravision, it will be necessary to check, between 24 and 72 hours before departure, on the website www.terravision.eu or at a Company box to ensure that there are no communications or program changes.
Conclusions
Directions
The transport contract stipulated with Terravision is subject to the general conditions of transport for passengers and baggage currently in force and to the relevant regulations, provisions and/or regulations relating to specific objects.
The Terravision conditions and regulations are, by means of this notification, incorporated by reference into the contract and form part of it.
Please note that Terravision London Finance ltd is a company operating in the resale of airport transport tickets for third-party companies and which is indemnified from any type of liability for any damage caused to people or things by the third-party companies that provide the service of transport.
Privacy Act
We inform you of the necessary information regarding the purposes and methods of processing, as well as the scope of communication and dissemination of the personal data provided by you to Terravision (hereinafter also only the "Company") for your participation in the website www.terravision. eu (hereinafter also just the “Site”).
The purpose of the processing and its duration are strictly connected to your participation on the Site.
The Company may use the data provided by you for all purposes related to your participation, including the possibility of giving you access to all the services provided by the same site.
The Company reserves the right to use such data also for all other lawful purposes related to the activity.
If necessary, Terravision has the right to modify this Privacy Directive following sector initiatives or changes regarding legislation, the methods of collection and use of PII or Relevant Data, the functionality of the services or technologies.
Such changes will be effective from the moment they are published by the Company on the Site.
By continuing to use the Services offered by Terravision after the publication of an updated version of the Privacy Directive, the User tacitly accepts the Privacy Directive with its amendments.
Therefore, it is important that the User periodically re-reads the Privacy Directive itself to always be aware of any changes.
In the event of substantial changes in the methods of collection and use of the PII and Relevant Data by Terravision, the management of the PII and Relevant Data of the individual User will in any case remain subject to the Privacy Directive under which the same were collected. , unless the User has been informed of the change and has not raised any objections.
In particular, the Company may:
a) process the data you have provided to us to carry out analyses, market surveys and statistics to detect the degree of user satisfaction and preferences of the latter, in relation to the services covered by the Company's activity;
b) process the data you have provided to us and that derived from your browsing on the Site to identify the commercial profile and to use this for marketing, advertising, promotional and commercial purposes; to this end the Company may use cookies, i.e. portions of files stored by your computer, to monitor your movements within the Site;
c) communicate news to you about the Site and, more generally, the activities carried out by the Company.
For the purposes of the processing, as illustrated above, and within the limits of the same, all your data may also be communicated to third parties, public or private, such as companies that carry out market and statistical surveys, companies that carry out marketing activities, advertising, promotional and commercial.
The provision of data and the related consent to processing, communication and transfer, for the above purposes, are mandatory for participation in the Project.
Any refusal to provide the requested data or to give the relevant consent to the processing, communication and transfer would result in failure to participate in the Project and the impossibility of carrying out the obligations connected to the Project itself.
The processing of your personal data will be carried out in an automated manner, both online and offline, by persons specifically appointed by the Company, such as employees, collaborators or consultants of the Company itself.
The Site may contain links that will transfer you to other sites.
These sites that can be linked from www.terravision.eu are not under the control of the Company and it is possible that they have a privacy policy different from that described therein.
Consequently, the Company cannot be held responsible in any way for any violation of your right to privacy that occurs on sites other than www.terravision.eu
Furthermore, the Company cannot under any circumstances be held responsible for any direct communication by you of personal data, sensitive or of any other nature, which occurs in the sections of the Site dedicated to the Forums.
The Company reserves the right to transfer the data provided by you to any third party purchasers of the same or one of its branches.
You will be able to assert your rights, such as access, indication of the origin of the personal data, clarifications on the methods and purposes of the processing, the logic applied in case of processing using electronic methods, the indication of the identification details of the Data Controller of the processing and of the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the data may be communicated or who may become aware of it, the updating, rectification, integration, cancellation, transformation and blocking of your data processed in violation of law - by contacting the Data Controller at the addresses indicated below:
The Data Controller is Terravision London Finance, reachable by email at: customerservices@terravision.eu – registered office Park View 183 -189, The Vale London, W37RW.
