Terms of Service
(For users residing within the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom)
Last update: July 2020
1.
The Relationship with TikTok
Welcome to TikTok.
TikTok is a leading platform for creating and sharing short-form videos (the “Platform”).
You are viewing the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and constitute the agreement between TikTok and the user, establishing the terms and conditions on the basis of which the user may access and use the Platform, the our linked websites (such as tiktok.com), services, apps, products and other content (collectively, the “Services”) that are offered, subject to these Terms.
The Services are provided by the company offering the Services in your region (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”):
Residents within the EEA + Switzerland: The Services are offered by TikTok Technology Limited, a company registered in Ireland with its registered office at 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland and company registration number 635755.
Residents within the United Kingdom: The Services are offered by TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, a company registered in England with its registered office at Wework, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH and company registration number 10165711.
The provider of the Services may change if you move to another country while continuing to use our Services.
The Services are provided for private, non-commercial use.
For purposes of these Terms, the terms “you” and “your” shall mean you as a user of the Services.
The Terms constitute a legally binding contract between us and you.
We kindly ask you to take the time to read them carefully; if you do not agree, we ask you not to register, access or use any Services.
2.
Description of Services
The Services and the Platform are reserved exclusively for users with a minimum age of 13.
You can use the Services and the Platform through the TikTok mobile apps (“App”) and the TikTok Website (“Website”).
Some functions are only available in the App.
Additionally, not all Services or features may be available in your country or region.
Different features may be available in different versions of the Services.
Some features are not available to users under a certain age.
The Services allow you to create, post and share short-form videos and to view videos created by other users and interact with such videos and other users.
Creating and sharing videos: In particular:
You can record or import videos within the Services.
You can edit videos and enrich them with filters and additional elements.
You can also include content from other users in your videos, provided that the creator of the videos in question consents to the use of his content for these purposes.
Other users can use your content within their videos, if you consent to the use of your content for these purposes.
You may post videos within the Services so that other users can view them.
The videos you post publicly will be available in the App and on the Website.
You can share your videos or the videos of others who have consented to sharing through various messaging services and on third-party social media platforms (e.g.
Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter) in accordance with their respective terms of service.
When you publish a video you can enter a video description, tags and various privacy settings.
You can include a short biographical note and a profile photo in your public user profile.
Subject to the terms of our Virtual Items Policy, you may broadcast live, use live broadcast features (live streaming), purchase tokens, and exchange tokens for gifts (the “Live Streaming Program”).
Viewing Videos: You can view videos from other users of the Services.
In particular:
You can view videos shared by other users publicly or by users you follow.
The Service provides you with a personalized “For You” page where the Service selects videos to show you based on what the Service believes might interest you.
For further information, please refer to the Privacy Policy.
The Service provides other ways to find content to view, such as a list of other users' videos on their profiles, a search function, and category selection.
You can watch other users' videos live.
Interact with other users: You can interact with users and their content.
In particular:
Direct messages: You can send direct messages to users if they are your followers.
Like: You can like videos.
Comments: You can post comments on other users' videos, where permitted by your user settings.
Follow function: You can decide to follow other users.
If users limit their profile, you can follow them only if they decide to approve your request.
“Find Friends” function: You can find friends through your phone book and Facebook.
Pro Account: You can also upgrade your user account to a free “Pro Account”.
A Pro Account gives you access to additional features, such as aggregate statistics about your content.
If you are part of the TikTok Creator Marketplace (“Marketplace”), you can use the Pro Account menu to access settings and manage requests for Marketplace features.
Limitations on Services: Our goal is to offer a Service without significant interruptions and that is continually improving.
However, it could happen that the service is totally or partially unavailable for certain periods due to a planned or unplanned plant shutdown, for maintenance or in the event of technical difficulties.
3.
Acceptance of the Conditions
By registering, accessing or using the Services, you confirm that you have the ability and intent to enter into a legally binding contract with TikTok including the Terms, that you are at least 13 years old, that you accept these Terms and that you will abide by them.
Access to and use of our Services are also subject to our Community Guidelines and our Virtual Items Policy, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform can be downloaded, on your app store. mobile device.
These additional guidelines and notices are incorporated by reference into this legally binding agreement between you and us.
We also invite you to read our Privacy Policy which sets out how we use your personal data.
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or legal entity (a) the terms “you” and “your” include you and such business or legal entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are authorized persons of such business or legal entity with the power to bind it to these Terms, and that you accept these Terms on behalf of the legal entity, and (c) your business or legal entity is legally and economically responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as access or use of your account by other collaborators of your legal entity, including employees, agents or contractors.
Although we will always keep a copy of our current Conditions available on the Platform (bearing the "Last Updated" date), we recommend that you print or save a copy locally for your records.
4.
Changes to the Terms and Services
The Services are constantly subject to innovation, modification and improvement.
We may also change these Terms from time to time, for example when we update the functionality of the Services or when there are regulatory changes that impact these Terms or the Services.
We will provide reasonable notice, such as through a notice on our Platform, of any material changes to these Terms or our Services that may significantly disadvantage you or significantly limit your access to or use of our Services.
However, you should still review the Terms regularly for any such changes.
We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms to reflect the effective date of the most current version of the Terms.
Because use of the Services by anyone who does not agree to abide by our Terms is not permitted, your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of those new Terms.
If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services and close your account (if applicable).
With respect to changes to the Terms or Services that are necessary to meet integrity, security, legal or supervisory requirements, we may not be able to give you notice in advance; however we will let you know as soon as possible.
5.
Your Account
To access or use some of our Services you must create an account with us.
When creating an account you must provide correct and updated data.
It is important to maintain and promptly update your data and other information you provide to keep it current and complete.
You can always access the Conditions from the Platform.
It is important that you keep your account password confidential by not disclosing it to third parties.
If you know or suspect that others know your password or have access to your account you must promptly notify us via the form at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback
6.
Resolution
We reserve the right to temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your user account, or to impose limits or restrictions on your access to all or any part of the Services with or without notice and at any time, for any reason or even for no reason, for example:
If we reasonably believe that you have breached or there are objective reasons to believe that you are about to breach the Terms, including any agreements referred to herein, policies, guidelines (such as our Community Guidelines), or any applicable law or regulation;
If activities occur on your account that, in our sole discretion, do or may cause damage to, or harm, us or our Services, or infringe any third party's rights (including intellectual property rights);
In response to a request from law enforcement or other government agencies pursuant to valid legal proceedings;
Due to unexpected technical or security difficulties or problems; that is to say
In case of long periods of inactivity on your account.
In the event of permanent suspension or termination of your user account, we will notify you in advance so that you can access it and save your data and content, except where we have reason to believe that continued access to your account would cause harm to us or to you. our Services, would violate the requests of law enforcement or other government agencies, applicable laws, regulations, or the rights of third parties.
Without prejudice to any legal rights, if your account is temporarily or permanently closed or suspended, access to your username, password and information or content linked to your account may be suspended or revoked.
Because we do not guarantee the permanent availability of your content, it is your responsibility to back up any content that is of value to you.
If you no longer wish to use our Services you can request the cancellation of your account using the features provided on the Platform.
You can also contact us via the form at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback and we will provide further assistance and guide you through the process of canceling your account.
Please keep in mind that once you choose to delete your account you will not be able to reactivate it or recover any content or data you added.
7.
Your use of the Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations.
You will not be able to:
access or use the Services if you are under the age of 13 or for other reasons are unable to accept these Terms;
copy, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create derivative works based on the Services, including files, tables or documents (or any portion thereof), or locate or attempt to locate source code, algorithms, methods or techniques incorporated in the Platform or in works derived from it unless such activities are expressly authorized by us in advance;
distribute, license, assign or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or derivative works thereof;
market, give or rent the Services for consideration, or use the Platform to advertise or carry out commercial promotions unless such activities are expressly authorized by us in advance;
use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communications, the promotion of commercial advertisements, or for solicitation or spamming purposes;
interfere or attempt to interfere with the normal functioning of the Services, subvert the functioning of the Platform, our Website or networks connected to the Services, or circumvent the measures we may use to prevent or limit access to the Services themselves;
incorporate the Platform or any portion thereof into another program or product, and in such case we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
use automated systems or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract data from the Services for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”);
impersonate any natural or legal person, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any natural or legal person, including by giving the impression that your content uploaded, published, transmitted, distributed or otherwise made accessible are part of the Services;
intimidate or harass others, or promote sexually explicit material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
use or attempt to use another user's account, services or systems without TikTok's authorization, or create a false identity within the Services;
use the Services in a way that creates a conflict of interest for you or us so as to distort the purposes of the Services themselves, for example exchanging opinions with other users, writing or requesting inauthentic feedback;
use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make accessible, whether intentionally, recklessly or negligently:
material that violates or may violate applicable laws or violates the rights of others;
viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful;
unwanted or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or other prohibited forms of solicitation;
material that infringes or may infringe the copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of others;
material that violates the privacy or personality rights of other people or deceased persons;
material that is defamatory to third parties, obscene, offensive, pornographic, disparaging or inflammatory;
material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for committing a criminal offence, dangerous activity or self-harm;
material deliberately designed to provoke or generate hostility between people, in particular through trolling and bullying, or intended to harass, harm, injure, frighten, torment, embarrass or upset people;
material that contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence;
racist or discriminatory material, including discrimination based on someone's race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
responses, responses, comments, opinions, analyzes or recommendations that you are not appropriately authorized or otherwise qualified to provide;
material that, in TikTok's sole opinion, is objectionable or restricts or inhibits others from using the Services, or which may expose TikTok, the Services or its users to harm or liability of any kind.
In addition to the foregoing, your access to and use of the Services must always be in accordance with our Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right to permanently or temporarily remove or suspend access to any content at any time and without notice if, in our sole judgment, such content potentially violates these Terms or our Community Guidelines, rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights), applicable laws or regulations or otherwise harms the Services, our users or third parties.
8.
Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same.
As a condition of accessing and using the Services, you agree not to violate the intellectual property rights of third parties when using the Services.
By way of example, you agree not to upload to the Services any content that is owned by others.
9.
Contents
TikTok content
As between you and TikTok, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio files, videos, music and look and feel and functionality of the Services, the Platform and the App as well as all related intellectual property rights (the “TikTok Content”) are deemed to be owned by or licensed to TikTok, it being understood that ownership of any User Content (as hereinafter defined) uploaded by you or transmitted through the Services will remain yours or the person who has granted you the license.
Your use of TikTok Content or other material available within the Services for purposes not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited.
Such content and materials may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, televised, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose, without the prior express written consent of us or, where applicable, our licensors.
We and our licensors absolutely and unconditionally reserve all rights arising out of or relating to the Services and TikTok Content not expressly granted in connection with such content and materials.
You acknowledge and agree that, through your use of the Services, including, but not limited to, the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and gifts, and except as specifically permitted by us in the these Terms or any other agreement between us, we may generate revenue, increase goodwill or value, and that you will have no right to participate in such revenue, goodwill or value.
You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement between us, (i) you are not entitled to receive any proceeds or other consideration from the User Content (defined below) or from your use of it. of musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual works made available to you on or through the Services, including User Content created by you, and (ii) you are prohibited from exercising any rights for the purpose of monetizing or obtaining compensation from the User Content within the Services or third party services (including, but not limited to, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or other social media platform) to the extent such User Content has been in any way modified or otherwise altered through the Services ( including through the use of TikTok Elements (as hereinafter defined)).
Subject to these Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including by downloading the Platform onto an permitted device, and to access the TikTok Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through the use of the Services and solely in accordance with these Terms.
TikTok absolutely and unconditionally reserves all rights in and to the Services and TikTok Content not expressly granted herein. .
You acknowledge and agree that the license granted to you in connection with the Services will automatically terminate upon termination of your account or these Terms.
THESE TERMS DO NOT LICENSE YOU ANY RIGHTS IN ANY SOUND RECORDINGS (AND MUSICAL WORKS INCORPORATED THEREIN) MADE AVAILABLE BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICES.
You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you do so at your own risk.
The content on our Services is provided for general information purposes only.
They are not intended to constitute any form of advice on which reliance should be placed.
Before taking or refraining from taking action on the basis of the contents present in the Services you are required to obtain professional or specialist advice.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, express or implied, as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of the TikTok Content (including User Content).
Where the Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, such links are intended for your information only.
We have no visibility into or control over the content on or available through such sites or resources, and you acknowledge and accept that we have no liability whatsoever in relation to such content.
Such links should not be interpreted as our endorsement of the sites or information linked to or of the information you may obtain on or through them.
You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review or edit any content posted by you or other users on the Platform (including User Content).
User Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (e.g. streaming) or otherwise make accessible content through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, photographs, user videos, audio recordings and musical works incorporated therein (including videos that incorporate locally stored audio recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise), uploaded or otherwise made available through the Services (“User Content”).
You acknowledge and agree that users of the Services may also mine all or part of the User Content you upload or otherwise make available through the Services to produce additional User Content, including collaborations with other Users that combine and diversify the Content Users generated by you and other users.
Users of the Services may also overlay User Content with music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained in the Virtual Items Policy), and other items provided by TikTok (“TikTok Items”) and transmit such User Content for means of the Services.
The information and materials in User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, have not been verified or approved by us.
Opinions expressed on the Services by other users (including through virtual gifts) do not represent our judgments or values.
When you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including through certain third-party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter), or to contact other users of the Services, you must comply with the Standards established in Article 7 above.
You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including that which includes TikTok Elements, to sites or platforms hosted by third parties.
If you choose to do so, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as the standards set forth above in this Article 9.
You warrant that any such contributions comply with these standards and you will be liable to us and indemnify us in the event of any breach of that warranty.
This means that you will be liable for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
All User Content will be considered non-confidential in nature.
You must not post on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you believe is confidential or proprietary to others.
When you post User Content through the Services you agree and represent that you own or have received all necessary permissions (including any necessary licenses), clearances or permissions from the owner of any portion of the content to post such User Content on the Services , to transmit it from the Services to other third-party platforms and/or to make a different use of it on or through the Services.
If you only own the rights to a sound recording but not to the underlying musical work embodied in such sound recordings, you must not upload or otherwise make accessible such sound recordings through the Services without obtaining all permissions (including any necessary licenses), clearance or authorization from the owner of any part of the content to publish the same on the Services.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, you or the owner of your User Content retains copyright and other intellectual property rights in the User Content you submit to us, but by posting User Content through the Services you grant hereby (i) to us and our affiliates, agents, service providers, partners and related third parties an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable (including through sub-licenses), perpetual and universal to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, derive derivative works from, publish and/or transmit and/or distribute and authorize other users of the Services and other third parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, derive derivative works , publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, now known or hereafter devised; (ii) to other users of the Services an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, derive derivative works from, download, publish and/or transmit and/or distribute some or all of your User Content in any format and on any platform, now known or hereafter devised, for the purpose of generating other User Content or displaying your User Content for entertainment or other private, non-commercial purposes.
You also grant us and our affiliates, agents, service providers, partners and related third parties a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice and physical appearance for the purpose of identifying you as the author of your User Content.
For clarity, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to play sound recordings (and create mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and to publicly perform and publicly broadcast recordings audio (and the musical works incorporated therein), all without royalties being due.
This means that you grant us the right to use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to you or to any third party including, but not limited to, the owner of the copyright in a sound recording (e.g. .
a record label), the possible owner of the copyright on a musical work (e.g.
a music publisher), a copyright organization (e.g.
ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “PRO”), a PRO for audio recordings (e.g.
SoundExchange), unions or corporations, and royalty-bearing engineers, producers, or other stakeholders who participate (knowingly or otherwise) in the creation of User Content.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and Recording Artists.
If you are a composer or author of musical works and are associated with a PRO, you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant to us in your User Content through these Terms.
You have sole responsibility for ensuring compliance with the reporting obligations of the relevant PRO as well as other conditions imposed by the PRO that apply to you.
If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, you must obtain the music publisher's consent to the free license to your User Content provided in these Terms or have the music publisher enter into these Terms with us.
The mere fact of being the author of a musical work (e.g.
of having written a song) does not give you the right to grant us the license under these Terms.
If you are a recording artist under contract to a record label, you have sole responsibility for ensuring that your use of the Services complies with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including when you create new recordings through the Services on which your label may have rights.
Diritti Through-To-The-Audience.
All rights granted by you in your User Content in these Terms are intended to be given on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning that the owners or operators of third-party services will not have a separate liability to you or to third parties arising out of, or relating to, the availability of your User Content through such third party services.
Waiver of Rights in User Content.
By posting User Content on or through the Services you waive any rights to review or pre-approve marketing or advertising materials regarding such User Content.
You further waive (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or other similar rights in or to your User Content or any portion thereof.
You hereby waive (to the extent permitted by applicable law) and agree never to assert any and all moral rights you may have in or relating to any User Content you upload or otherwise make available through the Services, or not to support, maintain or permit actions based on such moral rights.
You acknowledge and agree that under certain circumstances we will also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy.
We, or authorized third parties, reserve the right to cut, select, edit or refuse to publish your content at our, or their, sole discretion.
We have the right to remove, disable, block or delete your publications on our Platform if, in our opinion, they do not comply with the content standards set out in Article 7 above (Your Use of Our Services).
Additionally, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disable, block or delete any User Content (i) that we believe violates these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you.
Accordingly, we recommend that you save a copy of any User Content you post on the Services on your personal devices in case you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content.
We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, suitability or quality of the User Content and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for the User Content.
You decide whether your User Content is publicly accessible on the Services to all other users of the Services or only to people you approve.
To change the standard access settings regarding the type of accessibility of your User Content, simply access the privacy settings within the Services and follow the simple and clear procedure indicated there.
We assume no responsibility for any content or information uploaded by users of the Services and posted by us, or on our behalf, on the Services or elsewhere by third parties.
If you wish to make a complaint regarding information and materials uploaded by other users or if there are problems of a different nature that you wish to report to us, you can contact us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/reports.
While our staff is constantly working to develop and evaluate ideas and features for our products, we please pay attention to the interests, feedback, comments and suggestions we receive from the user community.
If you choose to contribute by submitting to us or our employees ideas for products, services, features, modifications, improvements, content, enhancements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, video, game or other content), promotions, strategies or names of products/functionality or for the related documentation, graphics, computer code, diagrams or other material (collectively the "Feedback"), the following conditions will apply, regardless of what is contained in your accompanying documentation, so that the status of the Feedback both for you and for us clearly understandable.
Therefore, by sending us Feedback, you agree:
that we have no obligation to review, evaluate or adopt your Feedback, or to return all or any part of the Feedback to you for any reason;
that the Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis and we are under no obligation to maintain confidentiality of the Feedback you send or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; And
to irrevocably grant us an unconditional, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable (including by means of sub-licensing), perpetual, universal and unlimited license to adapt, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display or otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and its derivatives for any purpose and without limitation, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by creating, using , selling, offering for sale, importing and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate the Feedback, in whole or in part, both in the state in which it is provided and with subsequent modifications made.
10.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TikTok, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates as well as each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and consultants from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including (including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees and expenses) arising out of or relating to violations of these Terms by you or users of your account for each of the Services, including, but not limited to, a violation of your obligations, declarations and guarantees.
11.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS: (I) WHICH YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO MODIFY OR WAIVE; AND (II) ALWAYS RIGHT TO YOU AS CONSUMERS.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS TO YOU IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.
IN PARTICULAR WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO YOU AS TO THE FACT THAT:
THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS;
THE SERVICES WILL BE CONTINUOUS, TIMELY, SECURE AND ERROR-FREE;
THE INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECT OR RELIABLE OR ERROR-FREE; AND
DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
Although allowed by applicable laws, no condition, declaration, guarantee, affirmation or other term (including implicit terms of satisfactory quality, adequacy for the purpose or compliance with the description) finds application to services, unless it is expressly established in the conditions .
WE MAY MODIFY, SUSPEND, REVOKE OR LIMIT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME AND WITHOUT NOTICE.
12.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH CANNOT BE LEGALLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR BODILY INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUB-CONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISRESOURCEMENT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH, WE WILL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU, WHETHER CONTRACTUAL OR EXTRA-CONTRACTUAL (INCLUDING FOR NEGLIGENCE) UNDER LAW OR, OTHERWISE, UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THESE CONDITIONS, OR THE PROVISION OR RECEIPT OF THE SERVICES FOR: (I) LOSS OF PROFITS (II) LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES; (IV) LOSS OF DATA; (V) LOSS OF BUSINESS; (VI) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; (VII) LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION; OR (VIII) INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OF ANY NATURE.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THIS SECTION 12, OUR TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACTUAL, TORT (INCLUDING IN NEGLIGENCE), BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR PERFORMANCE AND RECEIPT OF SERVICES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (I) THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO TIKTOK WITHIN THE 12 MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING YOUR CLAIM TO TIKTOK; OR (II) €100.00.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, WITHOUT LIMITING THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THIS SECTION 12, WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACTUAL OR EXTRA-CONTRACTUAL (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), UNDER LAW OR OTHERWISE, FOR LIABILITIES, LOSSES, EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES), CLAIMS FOR COSTS OR DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH: YOUR RELIANCE ON THE COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISEMENT, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY DEALINGS OR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND ADVERTISERS OR SPONSORS WHOSE ADS APPEAR ON THE SERVICES; CHANGES THAT WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES OR DUE TO PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR FUNCTIONS WITHIN THEM); DELETION OF, ALTERATION OF, OR INABILITY TO SAVE CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA, MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES; YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE CORRECT ACCOUNT INFORMATION; OR YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT INFORMATION SECURELY AND CONFIDENTIAL.
WE EMPHASIZE THAT THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE ONLY.
YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, EXCEPT WITH OUR EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT PROVIDED BY US DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT OWNED BY YOU AND THIS IS CAUSED BY A LACK OF REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL ON OUR PART, WE WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR REPAIRING THE DAMAGE (IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLYING WITH THE OUR DIRECTIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE DELIVERY OF THE DEVICE TO US OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS) OR WE WILL PAY YOU REASONABLE COMPENSATION.
HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DAMAGES THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO MAKE AN UPDATE THAT WAS OFFERED TO YOU FOR FREE, OR FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY FAILURE TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS, OR BY FAILURE TO POSSESS THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS WE RECOMMENDED.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE PHONE CHARGES THAT APPLY TO THE USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT MESSAGING AND DATA TRAFFIC.
IF YOU ARE UNSURE OF THE AMOUNT OF THESE CHARGES, WE RECOMMEND YOU ASK YOUR PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.
13.
Other conditions
Applicable law and competent court.
Residents within the EEA and Switzerland.
These Conditions and any disputes or claims (including those of a non-contractual nature), arising out of, or relating to the subject matter thereof, are governed by Irish law, subject exclusively to any mandatory laws of your country of residence.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and other similar rules, regulations or laws in force in other jurisdictions will not apply.
You and TikTok agree that the non-exclusive jurisdiction for the settlement of disputes or claims (including those of a non-contractual nature) arising from, or relating to, the Conditions or the subject matter or formation thereof, is transferred non-exclusively to the courts Irish, subject only to any mandatory laws of your country of residence or choice of court provisions which cannot be modified by contract.
Alternatively, you can submit your dispute to an alternative dispute resolution body via the European Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform.
UK residents.
These Conditions and any disputes or claims (including those of a non-contractual nature) arising out of, or relating to, the subject matter thereof are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and other similar rules, regulations or laws in force in other jurisdictions will not apply.
You and TikTok agree that non-exclusive jurisdiction for the settlement of disputes or claims (including those of a non-contractual nature) arising out of, or relating to, the Conditions or the subject matter or formation thereof shall be vested in the courts of England and Wales.
Alternatively you can submit the dispute to an alternative dispute resolution body via the European Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform.
Open Source.
The Apps contain a certain amount of open source software.
Each piece of open source software is subject to its applicable license terms, available on our Open Source Information page.
Full Agreement.
These Terms (including the Additional Terms below) constitute the entire legal agreement between you and TikTok and replace any previously applicable Terms and Conditions that governed the Service prior to the Last Updated date above.
Absence of Waivers.
Our waiver of restating or enforcing any provision of these Terms (or of exercising any other right or remedy under these Terms) shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right or remedy under these Terms nor shall it prevent or limit the further exercise of those or other rights or remedies.
Safety.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology systems, computer programs and platforms to access our Platform.
We recommend using your own antivirus software.
Separability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction to judge the matter decides that any provision of these Conditions is void, illegal or unenforceable, such provisions shall be removed from the Conditions without affecting the remaining part thereof and the remaining provisions of the Conditions shall continue to be valid and enforceable.
Requests?
Contact us via the form at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback
Consequences of the resolution.
If the legally binding contract between us is terminated, the following provisions of the Terms will survive termination:
our right to use and disclose Feedback as described in Section 9
other user rights to further share User Content and other information you share through the Services to the extent prior to termination
amounts owed by you to TikTok
Articles 10, 11, 12 and 13.
Supplementary Conditions – App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following additional conditions will apply:
Notice regarding Apple.
By accessing the Platform through an Apple, Inc. device (“
Apple”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
These Terms are between you and TikTok; Apple is a third party to these Terms.
The license granted to you herein is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Platform on one or more Apple devices authorized by Apple and in your possession or control for your personal, non-commercial use. , subject to the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or its contents and has no obligation of any kind to provide maintenance or support services in connection therewith.
If the Platform fails to conform to any applicable warranties, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price of the Platform, if any.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple has no obligation to address any claims you or any third party may have relating to the Platform or your possession or use thereof, including, but not limited to (a) product liability claims; (b) complaints regarding the Platform's failure to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and (c) requests that arise under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use thereof infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, opposition, settlement or termination of such intellectual property infringement claims.
You represent and warrant (a) that you are not located in any country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist financing” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted persons.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions hereof, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary of the same.
TikTok expressly authorizes use of the Platform by multiple users through Family Sharing or similar functionality provided by Apple.
Windows Phone Store.
By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or from another app that may replace it in the future) managed by Microsoft, Inc.
or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree:
To be able to install and use one copy of the Platform on up to five (5) Windows Phone devices associated with the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store.
Beyond this number we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees.
You acknowledge that Microsoft Corporation, your device manufacturer, and your network operator have no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform.
Amazon Appstore.
By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or from another app that may replace it in the future) managed by Amazon Digital Services, Inc.
or its affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
With respect to any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or various terms designated by Amazon as the standard end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore (“Amazon Appstore EULA Terms” ), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms will apply to your use of the Platform downloaded from the Amazon Appstore, and
Amazon has no responsibility or liability relating to TikTok's or your (or any other user's) compliance with these Terms or the Amazon Appstore EULA.
Google Play.
By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or from another app that may replace it in the future) managed by Google, Inc.
or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
With respect to any conflicts between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Program and Business Policies or the various terms indicated by Google as the standard end user license terms for Google Play (collectively referred to as “ Google Play Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms will apply to your use of the Platform downloaded from Google Play, and
You acknowledge that Google has no responsibility or liability for TikTok's or your (or any other user's) compliance with these Terms or the Google Play Terms.
