https://termsandprivacy.weebly.com/tos-it.html
Published: December 13, 2018
Effective date: 13 December 2018
Content Guidelines
The following types of sites are not allowed on Weebly:
● Adults-only: Containing nudity in a sexual context, exposed genitals, or adult themes
● Copyrighted content: Music, movies, or games to which you don't own the rights
● Hate speech: Content that promotes violence or incites hatred against certain individuals or groups, based on race, religion, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation.
The above examples are not intended to be an exhaustive list of individuals or groups who may be the target of hate speech.
● Spam/SEO: sites whose sole purpose is to obtain a certain ranking on Google, "likes" on Facebook, etc.
● Phishing: Sites intended to trick users into providing their username and password
● Illegal Content: Content that may be illegal in the United States or under the laws of other countries
● Scam: Get-rich-quick, pyramid/multi-level marketing, or other questionable strategies
● Excessive advertising: Excessive advertising on the site, for example more than three advertisements per page
● File hosting: for example, sites that were not created with the Weebly editor
● Unpleasant experiences: Sites that use the “Custom HTML” form to create a poor user experience, such as extreme flash banners, excessive animated motion, or content that can trigger meltdowns in unsuspecting visitors
● Illegal/Inappropriate Products: Sites offering or selling weapons or items that are illegal, counterfeit, stolen, fraudulent, infringing, offensive, pornographic, or manufactured/for use as weapons
This list is for reference only and is not intended to be exhaustive.
For more specific information, please carefully read the Terms below.
1.
Acceptance of the Conditions
Thank you for using Weebly.
These Terms of Service ("Terms") are a legal agreement between you and Weebly (as defined below) and govern your access to and use of the Weebly website builder service, including our website hosting services, websites, communications tools, mobile applications, e-commerce tools and other services (collectively the "Service") accessible through the website (http://weebly.com), as well as associated domains owned by Weebly (collectively the “Site”) or otherwise made available by Weebly.
By using the Service in any way, you accept these Terms, our Privacy Policy and any other legal notices or guidelines posted on the Site.
If you use our Service for an entity, you agree to these Terms on behalf of that entity.
These Conditions will also apply in case of use of the Service on a trial basis.
If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Service.
For purposes of these Terms, the terms "Weebly", "we", "us" or "our" are used to refer to the Square company with which you are dealing.
The contracting entity will be determined by your country of residence.
“Country of residence” is the jurisdiction associated with your Weebly account, as determined by your selection or by Weebly's determination of residency using various data attributes associated with your Weebly account.
● If you are a resident of the United States, your contracting entity is Square, Inc.,
1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
● If you are a resident of Canada, your contracting entity is Square Technologies, Inc.
● If you are a resident of Japan, your contracting entity is Square KK.
● If you are a resident of Australia, your contracting entity is Square AU PTY, Ltd.
● If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, Ireland, or any other country except the United States, Canada, Japan, or Australia, your contracting entity is Squareup International Ltd.
In addition to the restrictions set forth above, if you are not legally capable of entering into contracts, such as if you have not reached the age of majority in your country or region, you may not create or use a Weebly account or otherwise use the Service.
If you have not reached the age of majority in your country or region, you may only create or use a Weebly account with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian, or alternatively, through a special student account created by a teacher on education. weebly.com, provided that the teacher has obtained signed consent from your parent or guardian.
2.
Description of service
Our Web Service allows users who sign up for an account (each, an "Account Holder") to create and update an online website.
Once registered, each Account Holder will receive their own Website and may post “Content” (defined in Section 8) to it.
New features of the Service, including the release of new Weebly tools and resources, are governed by these Terms.
To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet, either directly or through devices capable of accessing web content, and pay Internet access charges.
Additionally, you will need to have all the equipment necessary to connect to the Internet, including a Web-enabled computer.
The Service may include certain communications from us, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and the Weebly Newsletter.
These communications are considered an integral part of your Weebly subscription.
You may only access the Service through the Service interfaces we provide to you.
3.
Registration
To register as an Account Holder, you will need to provide us with a valid email address and other personal information ("Registration Data").
During the registration process, you will choose a password and account name for your websites and get a Weebly ID.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, as well as all activities that occur under your account.
For the purposes of using the Service, you undertake to provide and update true, accurate, current and exhaustive Registration Data.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or Weebly has reason to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and deny use, now or in the future, of the Service or any part thereof.
In addition to the sales restrictions set forth in Section 9 below, you are prohibited from creating or using accounts through Weebly.com if you are not the age of majority in your country or region, or if you are under the age of 13 in the United States.
Students who are not the age of majority in their country or region or are under the age of 13 in the United States may, however, use Weebly through a student account created by a teacher through education.weebly.com, provided that the teacher has obtained parental consent signed by the parent or guardian.
4.
Weebly Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy (available at: https://www.weebly.com/en/privacy), which forms part of these Terms, describes how we collect, protect and use your Registration Data and other information on your account.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy and use the information therein to make informed decisions.
5.
Website and Account Security
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and website for all activities or transactions under such account or in connection with the website.
You agree to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You acknowledge and agree that Weebly and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors or employees will under no circumstances be liable in any way for your acts or omissions or those of any third party, including damages of any kind arising from such acts or omissions.
6.
Property rights
The Site and the Service are owned by Weebly.
The Site and Service use and display content, features and functionality, including, without limitation, proprietary software, inventions, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, slogans and taglines, owned by Weebly or unaffiliated third parties, which are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and/or other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
No part of the Site or the Service may be copied, reproduced, displayed, transmitted or otherwise used for any purpose without the prior written permission of Weebly or the respective intellectual property owner, or unless otherwise specified herein.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
The Service, all confidential and proprietary software used in connection with the Service, the Materials (as defined below), the contents of sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers, and all other materials and services provided by or through Weebly are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of any such Materials, including any "professional photos" or "free photos" made available through the Service, is solely in accordance with all relevant laws and any terms or conditions applicable to such Materials.
Under no circumstances will Weebly be liable to you or any third party for any use of the Materials in violation of the law or any terms or conditions applicable to such Materials.
“Materials” means all software, text, software documentation, design, visual and interaction features, photographs, graphics, audio and video elements, messages, interactive and instant messaging, template and publicly posted or privately transmitted features, files, documents, images, or other materials, as well as any derivative works thereof, made available by or through Weebly or the Service.
You are authorized to use the Materials solely as necessary to access and use the Service in accordance with these Terms and, in the case of third-party Materials made available by or through Weebly or the Service, on any terms or third party terms applicable to such Materials.
This permission does not permit you to store, copy, reproduce, republish, modify, upload, post, translate, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transfer, transmit, display, decompile, perform reverse engineer, disassemble, decipher (or otherwise attempt to discover any programming code or source code used in or with the Materials), or in any way distribute the Materials other than as expressly permitted in these Terms.
You may not sell, assign, sublicense, grant a warranty or otherwise attempt to transfer any rights in the Service or the Materials, create derivative works based on the Service or the Materials, or in any way commercially exploit the Service or the Materials, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these Terms.
Any use of the Service or the Materials for any purpose other than as expressly permitted in these Terms and any relevant third party terms of service is expressly prohibited.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans and taglines (individually and collectively "Trademark" or "Marks") are the property of Weebly or their respective owners.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, you are granted no license or right to use any Mark without the express written permission of Weebly or the applicable third party owner of the Mark.
“Professional Photos” - By purchasing and/or using “Professional Photos” available through the Service, you agree to: (i) use such “Professional Photos” only on your Weebly site for digital display purposes only; (ii) you will not sell, modify, reuse, resell, distribute, display, reproduce or make any other use of such "Professional Photos"; (iii) where a “professional photograph” depicts an individual and is used in connection with a sensitive, critical or controversial topic, include a statement that the image is used for illustrative purposes only and the individual depicted is a model; and (iv) do not enable the "right-click" feature for "professional photos", do not remove the metadata of "professional photos", and do not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the site to enable the download or use of the "professional photos" independently.
Furthermore, you are not permitted to use the "professional photos": (i) independently without other content; (ii) for pornographic, defamatory or other unlawful purposes; (iii) to create or enable the creation of printed products; (iv) in physical or digital retail products, such as e-cards, calendars, posters, or screensavers; (v) to suggest or imply the presence of endorsements, sponsorships or affiliations by or about any person contained in the “professional photos”; (vi) for the purpose of enabling image file sharing; or (vii) in logos, trademarks, service marks, or other marks or identifiers.
7.
Your rights to your content
Weebly does not claim ownership of your Content (as defined below), but grants you worldwide permission to host such Content on the Service and to perform all activities necessary to host your Content on the Service (for example, making copies, reformat and distribute your Content).
In other words, you grant to our company, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and successors, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, create derivative works from, distribute, and publicly perform and perform your Content throughout the world in any medium.
We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Service or by email.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by an authorized representative of Weebly, any materials, information or ideas that you transmit to us by any means may be disclosed or used by us or our affiliates without compensation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including , but not limited to, the development, manufacturing and marketing of products.
This provision, however, does not apply to Content or personal information covered by our Privacy Policy.
8.
Rules and obligations regarding content and conduct
All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials that you post to a website using the Service ("Content") are the sole property of you. from which such Contents originate.
You are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service.
We will not monitor Content that you post via the Service.
Your Content does not include transaction data or non-personally identifiable buyer/seller behavioral data resulting from your use of the Weebly eCommerce platform (collectively, “Platform Data”).
Weebly owns all Platform Data and uses it to operate, improve and analyze the Service.
It is also your responsibility to ensure that you create back-up copies of your Content.
By using the Service, you may expose yourself to content that is offensive, indecent or inappropriate.
Under no circumstances will we be liable for your Content or any third-party content, including, without limitation, any errors or omissions in your Content, or any loss or damage of any kind arising from the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available way through the Service.
You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Content, but that we will have the right (but not obligated) to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service.
We will also have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or that we, in our absolute discretion, otherwise deem inappropriate.
You must evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of any Content.
You may not rely on any Content created by us.
You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve the Content and may also disclose it if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of others; or (d) protect our rights, property, or personal safety, and those of our users and the public.
The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to comply with and adapt to technical requirements for connecting networks or devices.
You are not allowed:
A. Upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that:
the. is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, devious, disparaging, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy (including, without limitation, any address, email, telephone number or any other contact information without the written consent of the owner of such information), objectionable or racially, ethnically or otherwise inappropriate;
ii.
you do not have the right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
iii.
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary right of any person (e.g.
music, films, images, e-books or games to which you do not have rights);
iv.
is unsolicited commercial email or "spam"; This includes unfair marketing and advertising or any other practices that are in any way related to "spam", such as (i) sending mass emails to recipients who have not requested emails from you or with a false forwarding address, ( ii) promote a site with inappropriate links, titles or descriptions, or (iii) promote your site by posting multiple identical comments in public forums;
v. contains software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Service, computer software or hardware or telecommunications devices, or which may affect the ability of any user Weebly to access the Service;
vi.
is intended to take advantage of a user, such as a "get rich quick", "make money while surfing" or other questionable pyramid/multi-level marketing strategy; or
vii.
is adult-only in nature, such as any nudity in a sexual context or Content with adult themes or revealing exposed genitalia;
B. harm minors in any way;
C. engage in acts of "stalking" or bullying or otherwise harass others;
D. impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, a Weebly employee, forum leader, guide, or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
E. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
F. interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
G. intentionally or unintentionally violate any local, state, federal, or foreign law or regulation; You must comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or your country of residence.
If you use the Site, Service or Materials outside of the United States of America, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, rules regarding acceptable online conduct, privacy of data, and export and import regulations of other countries;
H. promote or provide instructional information regarding illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury to any group or individual, or promote any act of animal cruelty; This may include, but is not limited to, providing instructions on how to make bombs, grenades and other incendiary weapons or devices;
I. use the Service as a referral service to another website or fraudulently manipulate the ranking of Google or another search engine or the "likes" of Facebook or another social network or website and similar voting mechanisms ;
J. solicit passwords or personally identifiable information from others for illicit or phishing purposes;
K. exceed the scope of application of the subscribed Service (e.g.
accessing and using tools that you do not have the right to use or deleting, adding or otherwise modifying comments or content of other users);
L. insert more than three advertisements per page or any advertisement that significantly reduces the usability of the Site;
M. upload files for the sole purpose of having them hosted by us and for use outside of a website created using the Service (i.e. created with the Weebly editor);
Don't create a website that causes the user to have an unpleasant experience with customized programs.
Examples of this include, but are not limited to, extreme flash banners, excessive animated movements or content capable of causing crises in unaware visitors;
O. use at any time open source software subject to the GNU Affero General Public License v.3 or higher license;
P. abuse our email, chat and telephone services or mistreat customer support agents;
Q. take any other action while using the Service that is harmful to the Service or Weebly's reputation, as determined by Weebly in its sole discretion.
We reserve the right to terminate any account or user who violates any of the above prohibitions.
9.
Sales via Weebly
Some of our Services and Materials may offer you the opportunity to sell or buy goods and services through sites hosted or designed by Weebly (goods and services referred to herein as "Commercial Products").
We are providing this platform only to enable buyers and sellers to transact such Business Products.
To sell through Weebly, you must be at least 18 years of age or at least the age of majority in your country of residence.
Additionally, you will need to provide your full legal name, current address, a valid email address, and any other information we request.
In the event of a dispute regarding account ownership, we reserve the right to request documents to ascertain or confirm account ownership.
Such documents may include, but are not limited to, a scanned copy of your professional license, government-issued photo identification, the last four digits of your registered credit card, etc.
If a buyer purchases Commercial Products, payments will be processed through our payment service provider.
When entering their payment information, purchasers of Merchant Products will receive a notice directing them to the third party payment provider's terms of service and privacy policy.
Such payment services are governed exclusively by the payment service provider's terms of service and privacy policy.
We assume no responsibility for the actions of such third party service providers.
In addition to the other rules and requirements described in these Terms, you must follow the rules listed below when offering, selling or purchasing Commercial Products.
IT IS PROHIBITED to offer or sell Commercial Products that:
● are illegal or potentially illegal, including counterfeit, stolen or fraudulent.
Commercial Products sold through the Services must comply with all applicable laws, including Commercial Products sold to persons outside of the US;
● violates or has the potential to violate the intellectual property rights or privacy rights of others, or which may be libelous, disparaging or otherwise defamatory;
● which, in our sole discretion, are inappropriate, offensive, pornographic, sexually explicit or violent; or
● are manufactured, or intended primarily for use, as weapons, including firearms, restricted devices, or ammunition.
We reserve the right to determine in our sole discretion whether Commercial Products constitute “weapons” for purposes of these Terms; or
● use the images or names of others (including personalities or celebrities) to offer or sell Commercial Products without their prior permission;
10.
Fees/Payment
With Weebly you can conclude a contract of one (1) month, six (6) months, twelve (12) months or twenty-four (24) months.
Some of the features of the Service require payment of the fees described for each Service on the Site (“Fees”).
If you subscribe to such features, you will pay all applicable fees.
We reserve the right to change our pricing at any time and/or group certain parts of the Service together for pricing purposes.
You authorize us to make reasonable inquiries necessary to validate your account and financial information.
All Fees are in United States dollars (USD) and are exclusive of taxes, levies, duties and similar governmental charges of any nature, including, without limitation, value-added, sales and use taxes and withholding taxes in force in any jurisdiction (collectively the "Taxes").
It is your responsibility to determine any Taxes applicable to payments you make or receive.
Furthermore, it is your sole responsibility to estimate, collect, report and forward the appropriate Taxes to the relevant authority.
If you purchase a Service we offer in exchange for a Fee, you agree that Weebly or our third party service provider will retain your payment card information and you authorize us to charge you (a) any Fees for any Services you purchase, and ( b) any applicable Taxes related to your use of the Services on the payment card you provided, and you will reimburse us for all costs of collecting any overdue amounts, including interest due thereon.
If the payment card you provided expires and you fail to provide your new payment card information or cancel your account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you will remain responsible for any uncollected Fees.
AT THE END OF THE CONTRACTUAL VALIDITY PERIOD, YOUR CONTRACT WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY RENEWED FOR A FURTHER CONTRACTUAL VALIDITY PERIOD SAME AS THE PREVIOUS, UNTIL EXPLICIT CANCELLATION BY YOU, WITH THE CHARGE TO YOU THROUGH YOUR PREFERENTIAL PAYMENT METHOD.
YOU MAY DEACTIVATE THE AUTOMATIC RENEWAL FEATURE OF YOUR EXISTING CONTRACT AT ANY TIME.
YOU MAY SUBMIT CANCELLATION REQUESTS AT ANY TIME BY VISITING HTTP://HC.WEEBLY.COM/HC/IT OR BY CONTACTING OUR HELP CENTER.
11.
Cancellation; Service Changes
If you cancel the Service, the cancellation will take effect immediately.
After cancellation, you will no longer have access to your website and we may delete all data on your website.
We assume no responsibility for deleted information or content.
As long as we continue to offer the Service, we will try to update, improve and expand it.
Accordingly, we authorize you to access the Service as it exists and is available on any given day, and you will have no obligations other than those expressly set forth in these Terms.
We may modify (e.g.
data storage or capacity limits), replace, deny access to, suspend or cancel the Service, in part or in whole, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services in our sole discretion.
Unless otherwise indicated, all such changes will be effective upon posting on our Site or upon direct communication to you.
We also reserve the right to suspend, remove and/or suppress any Content available under your account, with or without notice, if we deem it, in our sole discretion, to be inconsistent with these Terms.
For the avoidance of doubt, we are under no obligation to preserve, maintain or provide you with a copy of any Content that you or others provide while using the Service.
We also reserve the right to limit or terminate telephone or chat support if you overuse customer support services or otherwise impair our ability to provide support to other customers (as determined in our sole discretion).
12.
Money back guarantee
All paid Weebly accounts, except monthly ones, come with a 30-day money back guarantee.
If you are dissatisfied with the Service for any reason, you may receive a full refund if you cancel your account within 30 days of activation or within 30 days of renewing your contract.
Please send refund requests to https://hc.weebly.com/hc/it with the subject line "Refund Request".
During the contractual term, you can upgrade or downgrade your service with Weebly at any time.
In the event of a service downgrade, a prorated credit will be issued to your Weebly account for the difference in costs between the two services and for the remainder of your original contract term.
This credit will be applied towards future months of service with Weebly and cannot be refunded to you in cash.
Downgrading your account may result in the loss of Content, functionality, or capacity of your account.
We accept no responsibility for any such losses.
13.
Third party services, software and websites; Lack of tacit approval
Weebly is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your use of any third party services, products, software, content or websites, including, without limitation, content such as text, documents, designs, images, clips, photographs, videos , graphics, audio, audio-visual files, messages, interactive and instant messaging, postings, features, files or other materials (collectively, “Third Party Materials”), whether you have linked to or been directed to Third Party Materials via the Site or Service or less.
Weebly does not endorse or assume any responsibility for Third Party Materials and makes no warranty regarding the reliability, accuracy, nature, origin, quality or use of such Third Party Materials.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of any Third Party Materials, including those made available by or through the Site or Service, is solely in accordance with all relevant laws and the terms and conditions of any license or other agreements applicable.
Under no circumstances will Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use or alleged use of the Third Party Materials.
Additionally, Third Party Materials, such as email, e-commerce and payment services, including but not limited to Authorize.net, PayPal, Square and Stripe payment options, may be subject to the Terms of Service and applicable third party privacy policies, and you are solely responsible for reading, agreeing to, and complying with such terms before using any Third Party Materials.
Your use of any Third Party Materials is at your own discretion and risk.
If you do not agree to the third-party terms of use or license agreement, you must not download or use the Third-Party Materials.
The use of Third Party Materials obtained through the Service does not transfer to you any rights, ownership or interest in or to the Third Party Materials other than those defined in the terms of use of the service or in the license of the third party provider.
Any reference on the Site to Third Party Materials does not constitute an approval or endorsement by us of such Third Party Materials.
Third Party Payment Processors: Weebly uses payment processors who partner with us to securely process your personally identifiable payment information.
The use of your personal data by these third party processors is governed by their respective privacy policies, which may or may not contain privacy protections with the same level of protection as Weebly's Privacy Policy.
Payments are currently processed and managed using the third party suppliers indicated below.
We will tell you which payment processors we use to process your payments.
· Authorize.net - Privacy Policy
· PayPal - Privacy Policy
· Square - Privacy Policy
· Stripe - Privacy Policy
· Apple Pay - Privacy Policy
· Android Pay - Privacy Policy
Apple Pay and Android Pay are automatically activated for users who have selected Stripe as their payment processor.
If you do not wish to accept Apple Pay and Android Pay as a payment method, it is your responsibility to deactivate Apple Pay and/or Android Pay.
You can disable these payment options by changing your settings on the Store checkout page.
Your use of Apple Pay and Android Pay constitutes your acceptance of the Apple Pay Acceptable Use Guidelines and/or the Google/Android Pay Terms of Service (API).
14.
Themes
If you wish, you may add website themes ("Custom Themes") to the Service for use by other users.
You hereby grant and agree to grant to us an exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, modify and create derivative works of any Custom Theme offered by you as part of the Service , including HTML code and respective multimedia assets.
15.
Terms of use of the Designer Platform
If you use our Designer Platform Service on behalf of a third party (your “Client”) to design a website (a “Client Website”), your use of the Service will be subject to these additional terms.
A. Your relationship with the Client is strictly between you and the Client.
We will not be a party to any contract between you and your Customer.
The methods and tools you choose to carry out your services are at your absolute discretion and under your exclusive control; however, you agree to perform such services in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry practices and in accordance with these Terms.
B. You assume full responsibility for all Customer Websites created under your account and for each Customer Website's compliance with these Terms.
C. While we intend to allow you to resell the Service under a private brand, such private branding is in no way guaranteed and we will not be liable in any way if you fail to maintain such private branding.
D. If your Customer contacts us, we will direct them to contact you.
If you do not provide assistance to your Customer and if we receive a request from them indicating that you have not provided assistance, we reserve the right to provide assistance directly to them.
E. Payments for your use of the Designer Platform service are calculated on a per website basis.
Each Customer Website created through your account and placed online on a Customer's domain incurs monthly service fees.
These service fees are charged to the credit card you designate for your Weebly account.
F. Service fees are billed monthly for the following month's service based on the aggregate service fees of all Customer Websites.
If a new Customer Website goes live mid-month, a prorated amount will be added to your invoice for the following month.
G. No refunds will be given for any days remaining in the current billing cycle.
H. You acknowledge and agree that, as an Account Holder, you are ultimately responsible for payment for each Customer Website created under your account.
If at any time the billing obligations of any Client Website are not met, we may disable the Client Website until such obligations are met.
16.
Resale of the Service
Without our express written permission, which may be in the form of a separate written agreement with Weebly (such as the Weebly Cloud Agreement), you may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or use any portion of the Service.
Weebly is often used by designers to design websites for third parties.
Such use is expressly permitted by the conditions of the aforementioned Designer Platform.
If you design websites for others using any version of Weebly other than the Designer Platform, each such site must have its own account controlled by that third party, and you may not consolidate multiple client sites under one account that you own. .
17.
Registration of domain names, cancellation of domain names and change of Registrar
The following terms and conditions (the “Domain Terms”) also apply to the domain name registration services (the “Domain Services”) provided to you by Weebly.
Your use of the Domain Services provided by Weebly constitutes your agreement to these terms.
Some service packages include Weebly registering an Internet domain name or renewing your existing domain name (the “Domain Name”) on your behalf.
For purposes of providing and/or maintaining domains, Weebly will act solely as an agent between you and the domain name service provider responsible for assigning the domain name (the “Registrar”), which will be Register.com .
All new registrations and their subsequent renewals will therefore be subject to the general conditions of Register.com present at: http://www.register.com/policy/servicesagreement.rcmx.
Weebly reserves the right to use another domain name service provider at any time, in which case such entity's terms and conditions will apply in addition to these Terms and such other domain name service provider will be deemed to be the "Register" for the purposes of these Terms.
Weebly may provide one (1) free domain name for one year, with a new purchase of an annual or semi-annual subscription plan.
The domain will be listed for the life of your Weebly account, will be registered in your name, and you may keep it if you wish, provided you honor all applicable domain registration fees after the first year.
The free domain name only applies to certain top-level domains (such as .com, .net, and .org) when you sign up for a new subscription plan.
When registering the domain name, you will be required to provide correct and exhaustive data regarding the owner of the domain name ("Registrant") and the administrative contact person.
In any case, the technical contact will be Weebly, Inc.
Before applying for a domain name, it will be your responsibility to verify that the domain name does not infringe the rights of third parties or contravene any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
We may delay the activation of a domain name until we receive payment of the agreed registration service fees.
Weebly is unable to influence the Registrar's assignment of the domain name.
We cannot guarantee that the requested domain names will be assigned to you and/or that the assigned domain names will be free of third-party rights, nor can we guarantee their continued existence.
All information we provide in relation to the availability of a domain name is based on data provided by third parties and refers only to the time of request.
The domain will not be considered assigned prior to its registration in your name - the Registrant - and its inclusion in the Registrar's database.
The initial registration length of purchased domains may vary and registration will automatically renew for consecutive 12-month periods.
Automatic renewal will be billed forty-five (45) calendar days prior to the expiration of your domain (even if that date differs from your Weebly website subscription renewal date).
Of course, you can cancel automatic renewal at any time by turning off the automatic renewal function in your settings before automatic renewal takes effect.
Each domain name you purchase is registered in your name and you may keep it if you wish, provided you pay the applicable fees.
If you purchase a new domain or renew an existing domain and cancel your purchase within the first thirty (30) days by contacting https://hc.weebly.com/hc/it you may receive a full refund.
Your right and title to your domain name allows you to transfer a purchased domain to another domain provider; however, for transferred domains you will not be entitled to a refund of registration fees paid to Weebly.
Regardless of the identity of the Registrant or any other information in your domain name records, all domain names registered through Weebly using your Weebly account are covered by these Terms.
Maintaining accurate and up-to-date billing information is a prerequisite for maintaining a Weebly account.
This data must include the Registrant's full and real name, a physical mailing address (PO Boxes or anonymous addresses are not permitted), a valid email address and a telephone number.
If this information changes, you must inform us without delay in an online update.
Please note that if your billing information, including your current credit card information, is out of date, we will not renew your Domain Services, and your Domain Services may then expire.
Subject to these Terms and those of the Registrar, you may transfer any domain names through us to another domain name service provider by following the online instructions provided by Weebly.
If, due to default by the account holder or the new domain name service provider, we are unable to transfer the domain to the new domain name service provider, we are expressly authorized to have the deleted domain name removed by the domain name service provider upon expiration of the deletion date, without any liability to you or any third party for such removal.
We reserve the right to authorize domain transfers only if you have settled all undisputed claims outstanding against us.
It will not always be possible to recover a domain name after it expires.
Weebly may, in its sole discretion, determine when a domain name may be renewed after expiration and any fees that may apply.
If a domain name expires due to non-payment, Weebly will have the right, in its sole discretion, to: (a) register and use the domain name for such purposes as it deems appropriate; (b) sell or transfer the domain name to any third party; or (c) delete the domain name and allow any new registrant anywhere in the world to re-register the domain name.
Furthermore, you agree that Weebly may recover any unpaid amounts on your account by charging the credit card on file with Weebly.
On some occasions, domain name registrations may be the subject of legal disputes.
If Weebly becomes involved in any legal action over one of your registered domain names, you agree to pay Weebly all costs and attorney's fees incurred and to indemnify and hold Weebly harmless from any third party claims.
If Weebly is served with a judicial or administrative action regarding your domain name, Weebly may, in its sole discretion: (a) block or suspend your ability to use, make changes to, or transfer your registration; and/or (b) check your records with the relevant judicial authority by providing an extract from the register.
You must notify us promptly if you lose your right to a domain name registered by Weebly on behalf of its users.
18.
Email Marketing Service
For email marketing services provided directly by Weebly to its users ("Email Marketing Service"), the following terms and conditions apply.
Use of the Email Marketing Service constitutes consent to these conditions.
Weebly may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Email Marketing Service if you fail to comply with these Terms.
Use of the Email Marketing Service must comply with all applicable national and international laws.
This includes the laws applicable to you and also the laws applicable to Weebly and any recipients to whom you intend to send emails (each a “Recipient”).
Examples of applicable laws are laws regarding spam or unsolicited commercial email (hereinafter "Spam" or "UCE"), privacy, security, obscenity, defamation, intellectual property, pornography, terrorism, national security, gambling gambling, child protection and other applicable laws.
It is your responsibility to know and understand the laws applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service and the emails you generate and send via the Email Marketing Service.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service must also comply with the Privacy Policy applicable to the Email Marketing Service.
Weebly's Privacy Policy is available here.
You are solely responsible for the products and services and all other promotions and Content contained in or referred to in emails sent by you through the Email Marketing Service.
You agree to use the Email Marketing Service in a lawful, secure and professional manner in accordance with industry best practices, which include, among other things, maintaining reliable records.
You are solely responsible for any representations you make and for all consumer service and warranty and support of your products and services.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service must follow all applicable guidelines established by Weebly.
The guidelines below are examples of practices that may violate these Terms when generating or sending emails or messages through the Email Marketing Service:
You are not allowed:
A. Use the Email Marketing Service in violation of the Weebly Terms of Use or any law applicable to you or your Recipients;
B. Use the Email Marketing Service to send Spam.
It is necessary to ensure that all Recipients have expressly authorized the receipt of emails from you, positively providing the so-called. opting in to receive such emails.
All emails and messages sent through the Email Marketing Service must comply with our Anti-Spam Policy, as set out below:
the. Weebly has no tolerance for Spam and has no intention of doing business with any user or company that engages in Spam/UCE activity.
We do not sell or trade personal information included in our opt-in lists.
ii.
An email is defined as Spam if, for example: (a) the personal identity of the Recipient and the context are irrelevant, because the message is equally applicable to many other potential recipients; (b) the Recipient has not granted permission to send the message in a verifiable, deliberate, explicit and always revocable manner; and (c) the transmission and reception of the message confers a disproportionate advantage on the sender.
iii.
Spam is a problem of consent, not content.
A Recipient must provide their "opt-in in a positive manner", i.e. expressly give their consent to receive the message, providing a response to a clear and visible request or requesting the opt-in on their own initiative.
iv.
The U.S. CAN-SPAM Act regulates and establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives Recipients the right to request to stop receiving emails and establishes severe penalties for each violation.
Other international laws and regulations apply to electronic marketing, and while we cannot provide legal advice, we encourage you to review these laws, especially if you live outside of the United States or send communications to recipients outside of the United States. Village.
v. If you receive reports of Spam, if you run into compliance issues, or if Weebly identifies a list of potentially problematic contacts, we will first ask questions to try to understand your business as well as your marketing goals.
If we believe a contact list is not consent-based or is too old or problematic, we will request that it be removed from your account.
In some cases, we will ask you to find another service provider, because our goals are simply not compatible.
vi.
Please refer to our FAQs located in the Help Center for further guidance on writing email responsibly and to review additional tools Weebly uses to protect against unwanted or unsolicited email.
vii.
If you believe a Weebly user is sending unwanted email, you can report it to us at abuse@weebly.com.
C. Use the Email Marketing Service to solicit, collect, or send non-public or personal information about another user or any other person without their prior written consent (or parental consent in the case of a minor), unlawful information, or any other information that you do not have the right to request, collect or distribute;
D. Use the Email Marketing Service to send email that contains or provides links to pornography, other sexually explicit content, illegal goods or services, or any other content that Weebly deems inappropriate in its sole discretion;
E. Transmit any messages, information, data, text, software or images or other items that are not proprietary or legally licensed, or that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable or that may violate the privacy or publicity rights of others;
F. Send unethical, false or misleading advertising, promotions or commercial initiatives and practices through the Email Marketing Service;
G. Post or transmit any material that contains viruses or corrupted data;
H. Use email lists purchased or rented from others;
I. Use third party email addresses, domain names or mail servers without proper authorization;
J. Send email to non-specific addresses (for example, webmaster@domain.com or info@domain.com) or distribution lists, newsgroups, publicly available addresses from the press or other media, or purchased email addresses;
K. Sending emails that result in an unacceptable number of Spam or UCE complaints (even if the emails themselves were not actually Spam or UCE);
L. Disable or omit to include an "unsubscribe" link in each email, which allows the Recipient to be removed from the mailing list.
Each such link must remain functional for at least 60 days after the date of posting, and you agree not to remove, disable or attempt to remove or disable the link;
M. Deactivate or fail to comply with any request by a Recipient to be removed from your mailing list within seven (7) calendar days of receiving the request.
You may not charge a fee, require the Recipient to provide you with any personally identifiable information other than the email address, or cause the Recipient to do anything other than send a reply email or visit an individual page of an Internet site as a condition for honoring a cancellation request.
As required under the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act and other applicable laws, you agree that you are responsible for maintaining and honoring deletion requests following termination of your Weebly account for any reason;
N. Disguise the origin or subject matter of any email or falsify or manipulate the originating email address, subject field, headers or transmission path information in connection with any email.
For each email or message sent by you using the Email Marketing Service, (a) the “from” field must accurately and non-misleadingly identify your identity or the identity of your organization; and (b) the “subject” field of your email must relate to the actual content of the email and must not include any deceptive or misleading content in relation to the overall subject matter of the email message.
You agree that you are the sole or designated sender of any email sent through the Email Marketing Service, under any law or regulation applicable to your use of the Email Marketing Service (including but not limited to U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, the Anti-Spam Act of Canada, S.C. 2010, c. 23 and Directive 2003/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002), and as such you are required to comply with such laws and any other laws applied in other jurisdictions in connection with your use of the Email Marketing Service, and you will be responsible for any violations of any applicable laws.
O. Failure to include in each email your valid physical postal address (which, if located in the United States, may be a valid post office box that meets the registration requirements of the United States Postal Service) or a link to that information.
For Recipients located in the EU, each email must also include the sender's company registration number and VAT number or a link to such information;
P. Include in any email “junk mail,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” incentives (for example, coupons, discounts, rewards or other incentives) or other material that encourages a Recipient to forward the 'email to another recipient; or
Q. Violate the export and import regulations of the United States and other countries.
Some companies allow a higher level of Spam abuse than normal.
Therefore, the Email Marketing Service cannot be used on behalf of some companies and senders.
This includes, but is not limited to, the following:
the. Pharmaceutical products;
ii.
Work from home, earn money online, “get rich schemes” and lead generation opportunities;
iii.
Online trading, daily stock trading tips or stock market related content;
iv.
Content relating to mortgages and loans;
v. Food, herbal and vitamin supplements;
vi.
Gambling-related services, products or suggestions;
vii.
Multi-level marketing;
viii.
Affiliate marketing or any type of “performance marketing,” in which a company rewards or otherwise incentivizes one or more affiliates for each visitor or customer earned through that affiliate's efforts;
ix.
Credit repairs and debt settlement opportunities; And
x. Counterfeit or imitation products that appear to be from another brand.
It is your responsibility to ensure that Content placed in your emails does not breach these guidelines.
Although we have no obligation to do so, Weebly may monitor your account to ensure that you are complying with these Terms and operating within acceptable industry standards.
In our sole discretion, we reserve the right to block emails, remove Content or prohibit the use of the Email Marketing Service if it may be in violation of the foregoing or the Terms (including the SendGrid Terms).
You acknowledge and agree that we and any applicable third parties promoting, uploading, publishing or distributing your emails and Content also have the right to reformat, edit, monitor, refuse, block or remove any of your emails and Content and suspend or discontinue the Email Marketing Service, in whole or in part, permanently or for a certain period.
In no event will any of the foregoing make us liable to you for compliance with any such laws or obligations, for which you are solely responsible.
If you are aware of or suspect any violation of these Terms, please report it to Weebly here.
Weebly will determine compliance with these Terms in its sole discretion and reserves the right to take, without notice, all measures of any nature (legal, technical or otherwise) or prevent UCE and/or any other e-mail, unauthorized message or initiative to enter, use or remain within our network.
We may discontinue the Email Marketing Service and terminate your Weebly account at any time for any reason.
If your account is terminated, we may permanently delete it and all data relating to it.
In order to provide the Email Marketing Service, we currently use SendGrid API (www.sendgrid.com); accordingly, your use of the Email Marketing Service is also subject to SendGrid's terms and policies, as now effective and/or as hereafter effective ("SendGrid Terms"), including, without limitation, the Terms of use and the SendGrid Privacy Policy.
The SendGrid Terms are in addition to these Terms, and you must comply with both as applicable to the Email Marketing Service.
Weebly has no obligation to notify you of any changes to the SendGrid Terms.
We may discontinue any Third Party Services, including SendGrid, in our sole discretion at any time, without notice and without liability to you or any third party.
Such termination or any action by a Third Party Service may affect our ability to make available some or all of the features of the Email Marketing Service, and we will not be liable to you or any third party for any such actions .
We will collect any information you provide to us in connection with your use of the Email Marketing Service, such as contact lists (including email addresses and any other information contained in such lists) and Content posted or used by you to 'Email Marketing Service, or in any other way.
We acknowledge your ownership rights in and to such contact lists (“Customer Information”) and the Content.
We will not sell or license Customer Information without your express prior consent, and we will not use Customer Information for any purpose other than as set forth in our Privacy Policy and these Terms.
SendGrid may also use Customer Information and other information you provide as part of the Email Marketing Service, in accordance with the SendGrid Terms.
You grant us a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, perform and display the Customer Information, solely as required by us for the purposes of providing and managing the Email Marketing Service.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability and suitability of all Customer Information.
You are responsible for maintaining, securing and storing all Customer Information in accordance with applicable law and contractual obligations, including these Terms.
You represent and warrant that you own the rights to your email material and Customer Information that are necessary for us to use the Customer Information in accordance with these Terms.
If you use the Email Marketing Service, you acknowledge that any emails, messages and Content are not intended to be confidential; therefore you grant or warrant that the owner of such Content or the owner of the intellectual property right has granted us (or sublicensed through your intermediation) an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable and worldwide license, with right to sublicense, use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, represent and exhibit such Content or intellectual property rights in any manner or through any means now known or hereafter invented, including related means to our marketing and promotional activities.
To the extent permitted by law, we may reproduce and retain copies of Customer Information where necessary to provide the Email Marketing Service and for internal back-up activities, as well as for any other legal or administrative purposes.
In any case, we will not be obligated to retain copies of Customer Information, emails and messages, Content or other data.
You are responsible for backing up Customer Information.
We make no representation that the content and materials on our website and/or the Email Marketing Service are appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States of America.
If you access the Email Marketing Service from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are required to comply with local laws.
We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to limit the availability, quantity and access to the Email Marketing Service to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction.
19.
Allowance
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Weebly and its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, employees, successors and assigns (collectively the “Secured Parties”) from any and all liability, loss , claim, damages, expenses, costs or demands (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred or made against the Secured Parties by any third party in connection with any claim arising out of or relating to: (a) your use (or use by any individual using your account) of the Service, the Site or the Materials, (b) your Content, (c) any Commercial Products offered by you on or through the Site or using our Services, or (d) your use of the Domain Services.
The foregoing includes, without limitation, any violation of these Terms by you or any individual using your account.
You are required to cooperate, at your expense, as requested by the Secured Parties.
Each Secured Party may, at its discretion, assume the defense and control of any dispute covered by this warranty.
You are not authorized to resolve any dispute involving the Secured Party without the Secured Party's consent.
20.
No Warranties
A. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
B. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS OF DATA, CUSTOMER INFORMATION OR VENDOR DATA, REVENUES, OR ANY OTHER HARM TO BUSINESS RESULTING FROM ANY DELAYS, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE OF INFORMATION, LIMITATION OR LOSS OF THE RIGHT OF ACCESS , BUGS OR OTHER SYSTEM ERRORS, UNAUTHORIZED USE DUE TO YOUR SHARING OF SERVICE ACCESS CREDENTIALS, OR ANY OTHER INTERACTION WITH THE SERVICE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING AND SAVING ANY DATA AND INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PART OF THE SERVICE.
WEEBLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv ) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE RESOLVED.
C. ANY MATERIAL PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED AT YOUR SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK; THEREFORE, YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR ANY LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
D. ANY DATA, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED OR MADE AVAILABLE DURING THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICE ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, SKILL AND ANALYSIS OF TAX, LEGAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONALS.
THE SERVICE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX OR LEGAL ANALYSIS.
YOU ARE REQUIRED TO OBTAIN SUCH ADVICE AND WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO DO SO BEFORE AND WHILE USING OUR SERVICE.
E. THESE TERMS APPLY TO THE SERVICE ONLY.
AS PART OF THE SERVICES WE PROVIDE TO OTHER WEEBLY USERS, WE HOST WEBSITES RELATING TO CERTAIN THIRD PARTIES ("THIRD PARTY SITES").
THIRD PARTY SITES INCLUDE CONTENT GENERATED BY THIRD PARTIES AND ARE NOT UNDER THE MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF WEEBLY.
WEEBLY SHALL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR THIRD PARTY SITES, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ACCURACY, SUFFICIENCY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, TRUTH, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS, LINKS CONTAINED THEREIN, ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES O SOLD HERE.
YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THIRD PARTY SITES IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SUCH SITES.
WEEBLY'S HOSTING OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE DOES NOT IMPLY ANY ENDORSEMENT BY WEEBLY, OR THE PROVIDER OF SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES, OF SUCH THIRD PARTY SITE.
F. NEITHER WEEBLY NOR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, PARTNER OR AFFILIATE WARRANTS THAT THE SITE, SERVERS, MATERIALS OR THE SERVICE, OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, PARTNER OR AFFILIATE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER VIRUSES HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
G. WEEBLY AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICES, MATERIALS OR THE SITE OR THE AVAILABILITY THEREOF IN ALL GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS.
21.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WEEBLY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (b) THE COST OF PURCHASE OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR THE MATERIALS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW SHALL BE TO CEASE USING THE SITE, THE SERVICE AND THE MATERIALS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WEEBLY, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, CONTENT, COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, TITLE WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, OR FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, THE CONTENT , COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY USER GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
22.
Exclusions and limitations
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21.
ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
23.
US Government Restrictions
The materials on the Service are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS."
Use, duplication or disclosure by the United States Government is subject to restrictions set forth in applicable laws and regulations.
Use of the materials by the United States Government constitutes acknowledgment of our ownership rights in such materials.
24.
Arbitration Agreement; Class action waiver
We want to resolve your concerns or issues before a lawsuit is filed against Weebly.
Please contact us at https://hc.weebly.com/hc/en.
We will contact you via email to informally resolve the dispute.
You or Weebly may begin a formal dispute resolution process if a dispute is not resolved within 30 days of submission.
YOU MAY ONLY RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND MAY NOT SUE IN LAW AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER, IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (E.G.
CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR CONNECTION WITH OTHER ARBITRATIONS).
Any dispute relating to these Terms that has not been resolved through our informal process, or as set forth below, will be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration by a single arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”), administered by the American Arbitration Association (https://www.adr.org), in accordance with the contents of this Section and the applicable arbitration rules for that forum.
The Arbitrator will be responsible for determining all issues relating to the arbitrability threshold, including concerns about whether the Terms are enforceable, unreasonable or deceptive, and any defenses to arbitrability, such as waivers, delays, negligence or estoppels.
Subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, you may decide to bring an action through your local conciliation office rather than the arbitration process, provided that the matter remains within the scope of the local conciliation office and proceeds only on an individual basis (and not classy or representative).
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, applies in full.
If you are a consumer bringing an action related to a transaction for personal, household, or family use, any arbitration hearings will be held in your county of residence.
Otherwise, any arbitration hearings will be held in San Francisco, California or another mutually agreeable location.
The arbitration award shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Although an arbitrator may award declaratory relief or injunctive relief, the Arbitrator may do so only against the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief with respect to that individual party's claim.
A decision by the Arbitrator and any related award shall not establish precedent or produce a collateral estoppel effect on any other case or arbitration.
Weebly will reimburse arbitration fees owed to the American Arbitration Association for individual arbitrations administered in accordance with the contents of this section, for all claims brought with total costs less than $10,000, unless the Arbitrator determines that your claims are unjustified.
If you are entitled to recover attorney's fees in a successful action you bring, you may seek to recover those fees from the Arbitrator.
For any action you bring, we will not require you to pay attorneys' fees, even if those fees otherwise apply, unless the Arbitrator deems your action unjustified.
As used in this arbitration provision, references to you and Weebly also include our respective agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, predecessors, successors, and assigns, as well as authorized users or beneficiaries of the Services.
Subject to and without waiving the arbitration provisions above, you acknowledge and agree that any judicial proceeding (except for actions handled by local arbitration offices set forth above) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California, or the federal court for the Northern District of California.
If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Either party may litigate solely to seek injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Service, or to enforce intellectual property rights (for example, copyrights, trademark rights, trade secrets or patent rights) without first engaging in our informal dispute resolution process or arbitration.
If this arbitration agreement does not apply to you or your claim, any judicial proceeding shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California.
You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in San Francisco, California.
REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR THESE TERMS MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE ACTION, UNDER PENALTY OF DEFINITIVE FORFEITURE FROM THE ACTION.
25.
Information for California Users
We want to help you solve your concerns and problems.
Contact us at http://hc.weebly.com and we will be happy to help you.
You can also contact us at Square, Inc. (
dba Weebly) 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, California 94103 USA.
Additionally, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service who are California residents are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs of California can be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd.,
Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
26.
Other general provisions
We may provide notices to you via email or postal mail.
The Service may also provide you with notice of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service.
If you are a resident of the United States and Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly are governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in San Francisco, California.
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, Ireland and any other country except the United States, Canada, Japan and Australia, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly are governed by the laws of England and Wales .
If you are a resident of Japan, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly are governed by the laws of Japan.
If you are an Australian resident, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly are governed by the laws of the State of Victoria.
If Weebly fails to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms, this shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms).
You may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other services, third-party content, or third-party software.
If any provision of these Terms or incorporated documents is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision in question, and the other provisions of these Conditions will remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose , under penalty of definitive forfeiture of the action.
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
You acknowledge and agree that you are waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or representative proceeding.
Furthermore, under no circumstances may the claims of more than one person be consolidated in any form of a class or representative proceeding or otherwise.
27.
Violations
Please visit our Abuse page to report any violations of these Terms.
