Terms of Service
What do the Terms contain?
This index is intended to help you find your way around our Terms of Service (Terms).
We hope this guide is useful, but we still recommend reading the Terms in full.
We welcome you to YouTube.
This section defines our relationship with you.
It contains a description of the Service, defines our Agreement and mentions the service provider.
Who can use the Service?
This section defines precise requirements for using the Service and categories of users.
Use of the Service
This section explains your rights regarding the use of the Service, as well as the conditions to which such use is subject.
It also explains how we can make changes to the Service.
Content and behavior
This section pertains to users who provide Content to the Service.
It defines the scope of permissions you grant by uploading your Content and includes your agreement not to upload any Content that infringes someone else's rights.
Account Suspension and Termination
This section explains how you and YouTube can end this relationship.
Information about the software in our Service
This section explains details about the software in our Service.
Other legal terms
This section includes our commitment to provide you with the service.
Also explain that there are some things we will not be responsible for.
Contract Information
This section contains further important details about our agreement, such as what to expect in case we need to change these Terms or what law they are subject to.
Terms of Service
Date: January 5, 2022
TERMS OF SERVICE
We welcome you to YouTube.
Introduction
Thank you for choosing to use the YouTube platform and the products, services and features available within it (collectively referred to as the "Service").
Our Service
The Service allows you to discover, watch and share videos and other content, provides a place where people connect, inform and inspire others around the world, and is a platform for distributing original content from creators and advertisers, large and small.
You can find comprehensive information about our products and how to use them in the Help Center.
Among other things, you can find information about YouTube Kids, the YouTube Partner Program, and YouTube purchases and paid memberships.
You can also find out how to watch content on other devices, such as a television, game console, or even Google Home.
Service Provider
The entity providing the Service in the European Economic Area and Switzerland is Google Ireland Limited, a company incorporated and operating under Irish law (Registration Number: 368047), with registered office at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ( identified as "YouTube", "we", "us" or "our").
Within these terms, references to YouTube's "affiliates" mean other companies within the Alphabet Inc. group.
Terms in force
Your use of the Service is subject to these terms, the YouTube Community Guidelines and the Policies, Safety and Copyright section (collectively, the "Agreement").
Your Agreement with us also includes the YouTube Advertising Policy if you advertise or sponsor the Service or include paid promotions in your Content.
Please read this Agreement carefully and make sure you understand it.
If you do not understand or fully accept the Agreement, you will not be authorized to use the Service.
Who can use the Service?
Age requirements
You can use the Service if you are at least 13 years old; children of all ages can use the Service and YouTube Kids (if available) with the permission of a parent or legal guardian.
Authorization from a parent or guardian
If you are under the age of 18, you need the permission of a parent or legal guardian to use the Service.
Please ask them to read this Agreement with you.
The parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18, providing the child with permission to use the Service, is subject to the terms of this Agreement and responsible for the child's activities on the Service.
You can find tools and resources to help manage your family's YouTube experience (including how to allow a child under 13 to use the Service and YouTube Kids) in the Help Center and on the Family Link website. Google.
Companies
If you use the Service on behalf of a company or organization, you confirm that you have the authority to act on behalf of that person, who accepts this Agreement.
Use of the Service
Content of the Service
The contents of the Service include video, audio (e.g. music and other types of audio), graphics, photos, text (e.g. comments and scripts), branding (including trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos), interactive features, software, metrics and other materials (collectively referred to as "Content").
Content may be provided to the Service and distributed by our users and YouTube is the hosting service provider for such Content.
Responsibility for Content rests with the person or entity providing it.
If you come across Content that you believe does not comply with these terms, for example because it violates the Community Guidelines, please report it to us.
Google account and YouTube channels
You may use parts of the Service, such as browsing and searching for Content, without having a Google Account.
However, a Google Account is required to use some features.
With a Google Account, you can like videos, subscribe to channels, create your own YouTube channel and much more.
To create a Google Account, follow these instructions.
To have access to additional features, such as uploading videos, inserting comments or creating playlists, you need to create a YouTube channel.
Here are some details on how to create your own YouTube channel.
To protect your Google Account, you need to keep your password confidential.
We recommend that you do not reuse your Google Account password for third-party applications.
Learn more about how to keep your Google Account secure, such as what to do if you become aware of unauthorized use of your Google Account or password.
Your data
Our privacy policies explain how we process personal data and protect privacy in the context of using the Service.
The YouTube Kids Privacy Policy provides further information on our YouTube Kids-specific privacy policies.
We will process audio or audiovisual content uploaded to the Service in accordance with YouTube's Privacy Policy, except where such content has been uploaded for personal or home use only.
Further information.
Access rights and restrictions
You can access the Service and use it to the extent that it is made available to you, provided that this is done in compliance with this Agreement and the provisions of the law.
You can view or listen to the Content for personal, non-commercial purposes, as well as show YouTube videos via the YouTube Embedded Player.
The use of the Service is subject to the following restrictions.
It is not allowed:
Access, reproduce, download, distribute, transmit, display, sell, license, alter, modify or use any part of the Service or the Content, except (a) as specifically permitted by the Service; (b) with prior written permission from YouTube and, if any, their respective rights owners; or c) in the ways permitted by applicable law.
Circumventing, deactivating, fraudulently using or otherwise obstructing the Service (or attempting to take such action), including security features or features that (a) prevent or restrict copying or otherwise using the Content; or (b) impose restrictions on the use of the Service or the Content.
Access the Service using automated means (such as robots, botnets or scraping tools), except (a) in the case of public search engines, in accordance with YouTube's robots.txt file; (b) with prior written permission from YouTube; or (c) in the manner permitted by applicable law.
Collect or use information that could identify an individual (for example, collect usernames or facial images), except where that individual has given their permission and the cases listed above in section 3.
Use the Service to distribute unwanted promotional or commercial content or to send unsolicited or bulk requests (spam).
Causing or encouraging inaccurate measurements of users' genuine engagement with the Service, such as paying or providing incentives to individuals to increase views, likes or dislikes of a video or the number of subscribers of a channel, or to otherwise manipulate metrics.
Misuse any reporting, challenge or appeal procedure, for example by submitting unfounded, harassing or futile content.
Run contests on or through the Service that do not comply with the YouTube Contest Rules and Guidelines;
Use the Service to view or listen to the Content for any purpose other than personal and non-commercial (for example, you are not allowed to publicly show videos or stream music from the Service).
Use the Service to: (a) sell advertisements, sponsorships or promotions placed on, around or within the Service or Content in ways other than those permitted in the YouTube advertising policies (such as correct product placements); or (b) sell advertising, sponsorship or promotions on any page of any website or application that exclusively includes Service Content or where the Service Content forms the primary basis of such sales (for example, selling advertisements on a web page on the which YouTube videos are the only content with value).
Reserve
Any rights not expressly granted by this Agreement remain a right of YouTube or their respective rights owners.
This means, for example, that using the Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the Content to which you have access (including any brands used or displayed within the Service).
Develop, improve and update the Service
YouTube is constantly modifying and improving the Service.
As part of this continuous evolution of our digital content and services, we may make changes or changes (to the whole Service or a part of it) such as adding or removing features and functionality, offering new services or digital content. or the withdrawal of the old ones.
We may also modify the Service for the following other reasons: To adapt to new technologies; To reflect increases or decreases in the number of people using a particular product, service or feature; To respond to major changes in licensing and partnerships with third parties; To prevent illegal or harmful activities; To resolve legal, regulatory or safety issues.
In particular, we sometimes make updates required by law, that is, changes that make sure that digital content, services or products remain compliant with the law.
We make these updates to our digital content and services for security reasons and to ensure they meet the quality standards you expect, such as those described below in the Legal Guarantee section.
We may automatically install updates that address significant security risks.
As for the other updates, the user can choose whether to install them or not.
Before modifying or discontinuing the offering of any part of the Service, we consider your interests, your reasonable expectations and the potential impact on you and others.
We modify or discontinue the offer of any part of the Service only and exclusively for valid reasons.
If a change adversely affects your ability to access or use the Service, we will notify you by email with reasonable notice, including a description of the changes, timing information, and your right to terminate your agreement with Google if the changes create more of a minor problem, except for urgent situations such as the impediment of illegal or dangerous activities, adaptation to legal requirements or resolution of safety and operability problems.
We will also offer you the option, subject to applicable laws and regulations, to export your Content via Google Takeout.
Content and behavior
Upload content
If you own a YouTube channel, you can upload Content to the Service.
You can use the Content to promote your commercial or artistic activity.
If you choose to upload Content, you do not have permission to publish Content on the Service that does not comply with this Agreement or the law.
For example, Posted Content must not include any third party intellectual property (e.g., copyrighted material) unless you have permission from the third party or some other type of legal permission (including by means of any exceptions or available limitation to copyright or related rights provided for by European Union law).
Legal responsibility for the Content you post on the Service rests with you.
We may use automated systems to analyze Content and detect violations and illegal behavior, such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Rights you grant
All ownership rights in your Content belong to you.
In short, what belongs to you remains your property.
However, we still require that you grant certain rights to YouTube and other users of the Service in the manner described below.
License YouTube
When you provide Content to the Service, you grant YouTube a global, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and licensable license to use such Content (including its reproduction, distribution, modification, publication and performance). for the purposes of the operation, promotion or improvement of the Service.
Grant the license to other users
You also grant each other user of the Service a global, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to access your Content through the Service and to use such Content (including the reproduction, distribution, modification, publication and execution thereof. ) only to the extent that this is permitted by a functionality of the Service.
License Term
The licenses you grant are valid until the Content is removed in the manner described below.
Once the Content is removed, the license will terminate, unless otherwise required by the management of the Service, the use of the Content permitted prior to removal or by law.
For example, if you remove Content, YouTube is not required to (a) withdraw Content used by other users within any limited offline viewing functionality; or (b) delete copies that we must reasonably keep for legal reasons.
Right to monetization
You grant YouTube the right to monetize your Content within the Service (and such monetization may include displaying ads on or within Content, or charging users for access to Content).
This Agreement does not entitle you to any payment.
Effective June 1, 2021, any payments you are entitled to receive from YouTube under any other agreement between you and YouTube (including, for example, YouTube Partner Program payments, for subscriptions to the YouTube channel or for Super Chat messages) will be treated as a royalty.
Where required by law, Google will withhold taxes from these payments.
Removal of Content by You
You can remove Content from the Service at any time.
You also have the option to make a copy of your Content before removing it.
Be sure to remove your Content if you no longer own the rights required under these terms.
YouTube Removal of Content
If we have reason to believe that one or more of your Content (1) violates this Agreement or (2) could harm YouTube, our users or third parties, we reserve the right to remove any or all of such Content.
We will inform you of the reason for our action, unless we have reason to believe that this communication: borne by YouTube or our affiliates; (b) may compromise an investigation or the integrity or operation of the Service; or (c) could harm a user, other third parties, YouTube or our affiliates.
More information on reporting, policy enforcement and the procedure for appealing can be found on the troubleshooting page of our Help Center.
Community Guidelines Warnings
YouTube operates a "warning" system for Content that violates the YouTube Community Guidelines.
Each warning comes with various limitations and can result in the permanent removal of your channel from YouTube.
A full description of how a warning affects your channel can be found on the Community Guidelines Warning Basics page.
If you think a warning was issued in error, you can appeal here.
If your channel has been restricted due to a warning, you cannot use another channel to circumvent the restrictions.
Violation of this prohibition constitutes a material violation of this Agreement and Google reserves the right to close your Google Account or your access to all or part of the Service.
Copyright protection
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online in the YouTube Copyright Center.
If you believe your copyright has been infringed on the Service, please notify us.
We respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the steps outlined in the YouTube Copyright Center, where you can also find information on how to resolve a copyright strike.
The YouTube rules provide, in the right circumstances, for users who commit repeated violations to interrupt access to the Service.
Account Suspension and Termination
Closing done by you
You can stop using the Service at any time.
You can also delete the Service from your Google Account; this operation involves closing the YouTube channel and removing your data, of which you can however download a copy before deleting.
Termination and suspension by YouTube
YouTube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Google Account or access to all or part of the Service if: (a) you have materially or repeatedly breached this Agreement, (b) we are required to do so to comply with a a legal requirement or court order, or (c) we have reason to believe that conduct involving liability or harm to users, other third parties, YouTube or our affiliates has occurred.
Notice of Termination or Suspension
We will inform you of the reason for YouTube's termination or suspension unless we have reason to believe that this communication: (a) may violate the law or the directives of a law enforcement authority; (b) may compromise an investigation; (c) may compromise the integrity, operation or security of the Service; or (d) may harm users, other third parties, YouTube or our affiliates
Effects of Account Suspension or Termination
If your Google Account is closed or your access is restricted, you may continue to enjoy certain elements of the Service (such as viewing only) without having an account and such use will continue to be subject to this Agreement.
If you believe the closure or suspension was done in error, you can appeal using this form.
Information about the software in our Service
Downloadable software
When the Service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the YouTube Studio application), unless the software is governed by additional terms that provide a license, YouTube grants you a personal, global, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-transferable license. exclusive to use of the software provided by YouTube as part of the Service.
This license is for the sole purpose of allowing you to use and enjoy the Service as directed by YouTube, in the manner permitted by this Agreement.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease any part of the software, or reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of such software, unless the law prohibits such limitations or unless expressly authorized in writing by YouTube. .
Open source
Some software used in our Service may be offered under an open source license, and some of the content provided under an open source license may override some of these terms.
If so, we will make this license available to you.
Other legal terms
Legal guarantee
If you are a consumer in the EEA and have accepted the Terms of Service, the EEA consumer laws provide a legal guarantee covering digital content or services provided by Google.
Under this warranty, we are responsible for any lack of conformity detected by the user: Within two years of the one-time supply of digital content or services (such as the purchase of a movie); At any time during the "continuous" provision of digital content or services (such as a paid membership).
Your national law may provide an even longer duration guarantee.
Your rights under these legal warranties are not limited to any other commercial warranties provided by Google.
If the user wants to claim a guarantee, he can [contact us] ..
Disclaimer
By law, consumers have certain rights that cannot be excluded or altered by a contract.
Nothing in this Agreement affects the rights you may have as a consumer.
Except as expressly stated in this Agreement or required by law, (see the Legal Guarantee), YouTube makes no specific promises regarding the Service.
For example, we make no further promises regarding: the Content provided through the Service, the specific features of the Service or the accuracy, reliability, availability of the Service or its ability to respond to your needs or the fact that all published Content will be accessible or archived on the Service.
Limitation of Liability
For all users.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to exclude or limit any party's liability for: death or personal injury; fraud; misleading or fraudulent representation; or any liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, YouTube and its affiliates will not be liable for: Losses not caused by YouTube or its affiliates' breach of this Agreement; Loss or damage that was not, at the time of entering into this Agreement between you and YouTube, a reasonably foreseeable consequence of a breach of this Agreement by YouTube or its affiliates; Content uploaded by any user or the defamatory, offensive or illegal behavior of any user.
For Business Users Only: If you use the Service as part of your business, business, artistic or professional activity ("Business User"), such use is also subject to the limitations of liability set out below, to the extent permitted by applicable law: YouTube will not be liable for the loss of profits, revenues or data or for the loss of expected opportunities or savings, for indirect losses or punitive damages (in all cases, regardless of whether or not such losses were foreseeable); The total liability of YouTube and its affiliates for claims originating from or related to the Service is limited to the greater of: infringement and (b) € 500.
Third party links
The Service may contain links to third-party websites and online services not owned or controlled by YouTube.
Having no control over such websites and online services, YouTube assumes no responsibility for them.
We encourage you to pay particular attention when you leave the Service and to read the terms and privacy policies of the websites and online services of third parties that you visit or use.
Contract Information
Modification of the Agreement
We may amend this Agreement, (1) to reflect changes relating to our Service or the way we operate, for example if we add new products or features or remove old ones, (2) for legal, regulatory or safety-related reasons, or (3) to prevent abuse or harmful situations.
If we change this Agreement substantially, we will give you at least 15 days' notice by email and the ability to review the changes, except (1) in the case of the launch of new services or features, or (2) in urgent situations such as avoid continuing an illegal activity or meeting legal requirements.
When we notify you of the changes, we provide the new version of the terms outlining the material changes.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you must remove your content and stop using the services.
You can decide to terminate your relationship with Google at any time by closing your Google Account.
Continuation of the Agreement
If you stop using the Service, you will still have to comply with the following terms of this Agreement: "Other Legal Terms", "Agreement Information".
In addition, the licenses granted by you will remain valid in limited cases as described under "Term of License".
Separation
Should any of the terms of this Agreement prove to be unenforceable for any reason, such unenforceability will not extend to the other terms.
Transfer
YouTube may transfer this Agreement in whole or in part to an affiliate company or, if YouTube is sold, to a third party.
Waiver
If you fail to comply with this Agreement, our failure to promptly take action will not be construed as a waiver of any rights we have (for example, the right to take action in the future).
Current legislation
If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, this Agreement, and with it your relationship with YouTube under it, will be governed by the laws of your country of residence and legal proceedings may be brought in local courts.
Specific approval
With this Agreement, you specifically approve the following terms: "Changes to the Service", "Suspension and Account Termination" and "Limitation of Liability".
EEA Instructions on Withdrawal
If you are a consumer residing in the EEA, as of May 28, 2022, the EEA Consumer Law gives you the right to withdraw from this contract as described in the Model Instructions on the EU Right of Withdrawal, provided right away:
Right of withdrawal
The user has the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reasons.
The withdrawal period will expire 14 days after the day of the conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, the user must inform us of his decision to withdraw from this contract by means of an unequivocal declaration (eg.
a letter sent by post or email).
You can contact us by email at account-withdrawal@google.com, by calling +35 31800832663 (country specific phone numbers below) or by writing to Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street , Dublin 4, Ireland.
The user can use the attached model withdrawal form, but this use is not mandatory.
You can also electronically complete and submit the model withdrawal form or any other unambiguous statement on our website (g.co/EEAWithdrawalForm).
If the user uses this option, he will receive a confirmation of receipt of such withdrawal by durable means (eg.
via email) without delay ..
To meet the expiration date of the valid withdrawal period, it is sufficient for the user to send a communication concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
Effects of withdrawal
If the user exercises the withdrawal from this contract, he will receive a refund of all payments sent, including shipping costs (except for the additional costs incurred by the user's choice of a type of shipping other than the cheapest standard shipping offered by us), without undue delay and in any case no later than 14 days after the day on which we were informed of the user's decision to withdraw from this contract.
The refund will be made using the same payment methods chosen by the user for the initial transaction, unless the user has explicitly requested otherwise; in any case, the user will not have to incur any costs following this reimbursement.
Model withdrawal form
(The user is invited to complete and return this form only if he wishes to exercise the withdrawal from the contract)
- A Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublino 4, Irlanda, [account-withdrawal@google.com]:
- With this communication, I declare to exercise the withdrawal from my sales contract for the provision of the following service, __________________________________________
- Order's date, _____________________________
- Name of the consumer, _______________________
- Consumer address, _____________________
- Consumer's signature (only if this form is notified on paper), ___________________
- Data _______________
Contact Google to opt out of these terms
Country Telephone number
Austria                       0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria                     0800-14-744
Cechia                       800-720-070
Cipro                          800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Denmark 80-400-111
Estonia                      800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Germania                  0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Iceland 800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italia                         800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein            0800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxembourg 800-40005
Malta                        800-62-257
Netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 800-410-575
Portugal 808-203-430
Romania                  0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia                   080-688-882
Spain 900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
Effective January 5, 2022 (view previous version)
