Www.booking.com https: / / / content / terms.pl.html? aid = = = & & 356980 label gog235jc-1fcbqoggjcbxrlcm1zsdnya2hxiaebmaejuaehyaep2aeb6aeb-aemiaibqaiduakf0rcabsacadicjdg0ntjlngy2ltlhytmtndzkys05otg1lwvmmta5njcznzi0mdgcbuacaq sid fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61 & % & lang = = tmpl docs 2fterms-and-conditions en & = 1 & lang = _ soz click other; = de lang _ changed; cdl = 1
2021-01-23 14:58:24
Trade conditions
Contents
Code of practice
Admission to trading conditions
Trading conditions:
Definitions
Scope and nature of the services
Price price guarantee the lowest price and programme crossed genius
Privacy and cookies
Charges lack for customers-pay only service providers tourism
Credit card or bank transfer
Prepayment, and other important principles niedojazdy reservation removing
(Further) correspondence
Ranking programme for facilities, and stars, preferred opinions guests
Surrender
Intellectual property rights
Appropriate law, jurisdiction and settlement of disputes
About Booking.com and companies cooperating
Code of practice
Our mission is to facilitate the people of the world, offering them the best facilities, discovery as well as the site and to the public in najwygodniejszy way attractions
To achieve this objective, in our work, we will be guided by the following good practices:
We care about client: we offer our platform and customer service in more than 40 languages.
Actively helping in uncovering the world: we offer more than 1.5 million sites in each standard, depending on the different needs of exit from the hotel, by motels, b & b... objects, hostele
Wherever our clients want to go.
Actively helping in uncovering and other attractions products tourism service providers.
Any payment on the price of admission tickets (we are), of purchase or rental of products and services to which tourism tourism is used our payment system.
Helping our clients: our customer service is available in more than 40 languages and is working 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
The needs of our customers, our platform is we created so that they meet expectations of users and was like in use. najwygodniejsza
Councils listening our clients: immutable (guys who actually we are giving opinions reach residence).
We rich in content, user friendly website and guaranteed the best available price.
We're levelling the
Admission to trading conditions
The conditions and provisions which may be altered, shall apply to all our occasional services, which are available directly or indirectly (by our distributors) online or by telephone. mailowo
Using searching, and using our (mobile) website or any computer system and / or when through any of the platforms (reservation collectively referred to as " the platform "), you understand, and they read confirm the following conditions and provisions (including accepted privacy statement).
Websites, their contents and infrastructure, as well as the reservation system (including support payments for online facilities) available on these service web sites and through our website are owned and managed and delivered by Booking.com b.
V.
And be made available only to member personal (b2c) use, in accordance with the non-commercial terms and conditions set out below.
Cooperation service providers of tourism is determined by separate the terms and provisions relating to the cooperation of the commercial (b2b) with each of the tourism service providers.
Any supplier of tourism services shall be professional in relation to provide their product / service Booking.com through (both with the cooperation of a commercial nature Booking.com (b2b) and individual (b2c)).
Supplier tourist services may have, publish and / or accept their own require appropriate-in addition to rules and important information provided on our side-conditions (for the delivery or use) or the rules in force at the facility in the use of, access or implementation of tourist (which may include surrender or limitation of liability).
Definitions
" Booking.com, " " us, " " we " or " our " means Booking.com b.
V.,
Company with limited liability, established in accordance with the law, with its seat located at the netherlands: Herengracht, amsterdam, the netherlands, 597 1017 ce. "
Platform ' means (mobile) website and application by which shall be made available, and which are the property, the service tourism are controlled and managed, held and / or by hostowane Booking.com. "
Tourism product " means the various products and services, which can be ordered, acquired purchased paid, hired, supplied, reserved combined and consumed by a client from service providers of tourism.
" Service provider ' means a supplier (e.g. tourist accommodation
Hotels, motels, apartments, b & b), the owner of the object attractions (e.g.
Parks, museums, tour), transport (e.g.
Car rental, voyages, coach, transfers), tour operators tour, and any other travel insurance products and services related to travel, which from time to time shall be made available for reservation of tourism services on the platform (b2b or b2c).
" Service ' means those purchase, order, (assisted) payments or service reservation via the internet different products or services offered or by that from time to umożliwionych Booking.com time supplier tourist services, in the platform. available
" Reservation tourist services ' means order, acquisition, pay or reservation of tourism.
1.
Scope and nature of the services
Platform we (company Booking.com b.
V.
Afiliacyjni and its partners and distributors) internet platform through which we deliver travel, according to the nature of the business of the supplier, i.e.
B2c b2b or may advertise, introduce, sell, promote and / or offer (if applicable) of their products and services to contract, purchase, rental and reservation by which visitors platform may discover, search and make their reservations, purchase or compare up, i.e.
Tourism services.
Using tourism services (e.g.
Reservation tourism by service) tourist services when state in direct (legally binding) are the contractual relationship with the service provider, in which the reservation or tourist shall purchase respectively the product or service.
Since where will the reservation services tourism, we are acting only as an intermediary between the state and service provider, providing relevant information on the reservation tourist services to tourism related service provider tourist and sending you e-mail on behalf of the supplier's tourist services confirming reservation.
Booking.com not (ip), not and does not offer any rents sells the products or services (related to travel).
Providing our tourist services, information that we have received from the service providers is a tourist.
Suppliers tourist services, who bring about and encourage tourism product on a platform shall have access to our systems and, through which are required to update extranet all prices / charges, accessibility, the terms and conditions and other relevant information that appear on our platform.
Although trying to professionally and extremely carefully provide our tourist services, we are not able to check and ensure that all the information we supplied are accurate, complete and correct.
Not we can also be held liable for any errors (including substantive and language), and for any errors and / or temporary interruption (partial) involved in the functioning of our platform, repair, maintenance or updating our platform for inaccurate, misleading or incorrect information, and for their none.
Any supplier of tourism services throughout the remains responsible for the accuracy, complexity and correctness () (including descriptive information prices / charges, rules and procedures and the availability of) displayed on our platform.
Our platform is not and should not be regarded as a recommendation or an indication of the level of service quality assessment (stars) or option accommodation of any of the tourism service providers (or made available by him facilities, facilities, vehicles (major or additional) products or services) available on our platform, unless explicitly indicated otherwise.
Our tourist services are available only to personal and non-commercial use.
Therefore is not the rule of law are our parties, appear on its website content () to these parties, deep links, use their deep-link, copy, use special programmes to scan content, presented, collect and disseminate any content or information, software, reservation tickets, products or services available on our platform in any objectives and activities of commercial or competitive.
2.
Price price guarantee the lowest price and programme crossed genius
Prices offered by the tourism service providers on our platform are highly competitive.
All price for tourism product shall include vat / sales tax and all other taxes (subject to any changes in the tax / unless our) and the platform or in an email proving reservation / on the ticket stated otherwise.
Fares shall be those for a person or group and are subject to a designated date (if applicable) on the ticket.
Supplier tourist services has the right to local charges and taxes (including charge tax tourism) in the case is / urban or appeal reservation. niepojawienia
Sometimes on our platform are available lower prices for a residence permit, product or service, however, prices offered by the tourism service providers may be tightened special conditions and restrictions on, for example, the lack of opportunities cancellation and return the money. reservation
Please detailed verification of the description of the product, services and conditions in terms of in / on the reservation before making a reservation.
We want to pay the lowest possible price for the chosen product or service.
If after a reservation for the selected object, on our platform, you will find on the internet on the same terms, the same hotel on the same site at a lower price, we we our price, evening the difference between the price and the price of lower our existing under the terms of the principle of ' the. " Wyrównujemy
This does not apply in the case of products and services not related to the accommodation.
Currency calculator available on our website is for information purposes only and should not be regarded as a reliable and accurate.
Actual prices may differ from those that have been calculated by currency calculator on our website.
Obvious errors (including literówki) are not binding.
All special offers and promotions are clearly identified.
If they are not clearly marked, you can not defend their rights in the case of obvious irregularities or errors.
The genius
Price genius is downward price on in respect of certain types of participating facilities offered rooms / facilities.
Price genius is intended for members of the programme genius firny Booking.com.
Programme genius is available for any person holding account in the field.
Are not charged any charges states.
To become a member, that's enough to achieve two (2) stays within two (2) years.
Membership and the genius specific member and may not be transferred to.
Membership may also be linked to specific campaigns or, for some time and ogłaszanymi promocjami carried out by the company under its sole discretion Booking.com.
Programme genius currently offers two (2) levels according to bookings on the complex membership, and each level is associated with Booking.com on selected objects and / or different zniżkami options selected (10 % or 15 %).
Levels membership may be varied and be altered, according to the sole discretion of Booking.com.
Company Booking.com reserves the right to the revocation and cancellation of membership in the genius of any person its violations, such as the failure to comply with these conditions and / or the use of invalid cards.
Booking.com also reserves the right to revocation and cancellation of membership in the genius to each person who may be inappropriate behaviour, such as the use of violence, threats, harassment, discrimination, whether fraud in relation to the company behaviour obscene (or its employees and its representatives) Booking.com and / or premises (or their staff and representatives).
Genius prices can not be combined or used with other (unless it agrees zniżkami object or will be otherwise indicated).
Company Booking.com may for any reason, without warning and at their own discretion to (partial) amendment, curtailment or modifications to the structure or in any other programme genius feature of (including
In level / s the operator or his genius status.)
Membership programme genius is linked to the account on your platform and not or will not be in will expire Booking.com another way, as long as it does not, you're gonna cancel wound up, you do not remove don't shut up or not it in another way. dezaktywujesz
Company Booking.com also reserves the right to " " or off in a different way of an inactive deregistration accounts without informing its user.
Inactive account is defined as the account to which there has been no reservation for more than five (5) years.
If off your account, you won't already have benefits of programme genius.
Reactivate himself by eligible can reservation by his own Booking.com.
The partnership
Booking.com can display tenders which do not come directly from the tourism service providers, but which are offered by the joint venture, for example, Booking.com
By another platform (offer partnership).
Offer partner will be clearly stated and shown on the grounds of other regular originating from tourism service providers and tenders directly will be subject to special conditions set out below, unless on our platform will be found otherwise:
Prices wyświetlanymi: according to the information on our platform.
Payments in advance: in a safe manner through the pay time of reservation. Booking.com
There is no change: when you will not be made reservation make any changes in the personal data or details of the reservation.
Requests for amendment may be addressed directly to object, but there's no guarantee their approval.
Prohibition combined with other offers: other, discounts and do not apply promotions prize in case of such reservation.
No opinion: there is no possibility of issue an opinion on guests our platform.
3.
Privacy and cookies
Booking.com respects your privacy.
See with our policy of privacy and the policy for in order to obtain additional information.?
4.
Charges lack for customers-pay only service providers tourism
Unless otherwise specified, our services are free of charge for customers, because, unlike many others not married charges our nor tourist services to the additional charges (for any doliczamy reservation).
Suppliers tourist services will pay the state an amount laid down in tourism services (and relevant booking taxes, levies and charges, unless they are included in the price (if applicable)).
Suppliers tourist services pay commissions (a small proportion of prices of the product, acting Booking.com (e.g.
Prices peace)) after the customer has benefited from the service or product suppliers of tourism services (e.g.
After guy had (and paid) to be their residence).
Supplier tourist services may increase its ranking by increasing the amount of the commissions (raise the visibility of) paid.
To increase the visibility (by payment of more in exchange for better commissions ranking) lies with the service provider tourist and can be used in different situations and for the different products.
Algorithm ranking will take into account when determining the default increased commissions ranking.
Strong partners end up paying more in exchange for better a ranking.
Only those service providers who have tourist trade relations with (resulting from the agreement), will be Booking.com visible on the platform (for the promotion of b2b and / or their product), b2c
Booking.com platform is not open (as amazon or ebay), where users can offer products (no platform ctc); does not allow to entities other than business on Booking.com sell their products to or through Booking.com.
5.
Credit card or bank transfer
If applicable, and applies, some providers of tourist offer reservation tourist services, in the case of the option which payment for her (complete or partial, in accordance with the rules applicable to payment of the service provider) is implemented directly to providers of tourism tourist services at the time of booking tourist services using secure payment methods offered by online (in terms of bank that payment) of the person making.
For certain products and services (via the external processor payments Booking.com assists) payment for the relevant products or services (i.e.
Offers service) on behalf of and on behalf of the support the payment service providers of tourism (never works and does not operate Booking.com as registered seller).
Payment is made directly from credit card credit / debit safe or bank account and transferred to the account of the object through a provider accommodation of an external processor payments.
All payments us on behalf of and on behalf of the assisted by service providers will in any case were payments (tourist or part of) the reservation of a product or service in settlement (final) due to the price (or betaling bevrijdende such parts thereof) and you can not to claim the refund paid such measures.
Rates non-repayable) or for some (service providers may require tenders special tourist payments in advance (if applicable) by credit card or mobile and, therefore, the credit card may be ordered to pay the (sometimes without the possibility of reimbursement or preautoryzowana) at the time of reservation services for tourists.
Please thoroughly examined details (reservation) the product or service in terms of such conditions, prior to the reservation services for tourists.
Booking.com shall not be liable for any (authorised, (alleged) unauthorised or incorrect) load by the service provider, nor any amount paid tourist service providers to regain tourist (including, prepayment or) by means of load causing appeals niedojazdów credit card.
In cases of fraud related to the credit card or its use by a third party, the majority of banks nieautoryzowanym and cards companies is responsible for this risk and shall bear the costs related to fraud or use, which can sometimes be deducted an (normally of about.
Eur 50 or their equivalent in local currency).
Where bank or credit card company operating an amount after the transaction has been concluded by our platform, nieautoryzowana due to the selection of the reservation, we will not value by the bank amounts up to eur 50 potrąconej (or the equivalent in local currency).
In order to obtain compensation for losses incurred, must be reported fraud (in accordance with the rules and credit card issuer procedures) and immediately be in touch with us.
Us proof that burden should be provided (e.g.
Extract of company serving credit card) of
Has compensation only for credit card and reservations made by secure server paid, and the transaction took place in Booking.com nieautoryzowana result of our negligence or during the use of our secured server error.
6.
Prepayment, and other important principles niedojazdy reservation removing
Reservation tourist services in tourism service providers when accept state the conditions set by that supplier of tourism services for using the facility, and reservations and niepojawienia also all additional conditions (commercial) (including the additional important principles set out by the supplier of tourism services and made available on our platform and the small print domestic service providers tourist), which rules may refer to the state, as well as residence reservation or services provided and / or products offered by object (trading conditions in force in the site can be obtained directly from the facility in question).
General rules concerning the removal and the facility in the existing reservations niepojawienia each supplier of tourism services are available on our platform in part with information on the service provider tourism, in the process of making reservations of tourism services and e-mail confirming reservation or other document (if applicable).
Please note that in the case of certain price or special tourist services can not be changed offers reservation or off.
Applicable tax / fee tourism can be downloaded urban by the service provider, even if a reservation is cancelled or tourist guy doesn't show up on site.
Please investigate the data (reservation) of the product or service prior to the reservation tourist services whether such rules do not apply.
Reservation where is required advance or (complete or partial) payment may be cancelled (no request for payment or prior warning), if due (other), the amount for a reservation can not be collected in its entirety within the period set payments, in accordance with existing service provider tourist payment rules on the reservation.
Rules appeal reservation and may vary depending on the category prepayment room.
Please exactly consultation with crucial information small print (subject to inventory category rooms, at the bottom of the supplier of tourism services on our platform) and data contained in the confirmation reservation in to check that in the case of the service provider tourist do not apply additional rules (e.g.
Regarding minimum age guests, deposit to cover potential damage, aid for reservation block possibility of appeal additional beds, lack of breakfast, animals are, lack of free honour credit cards).
Delayed responsibility for payments, the introduction of incorrect data bank credit or debit card, null credit card / debit or inadequate measures on a guy and such situations shall not give rise to bear return any (), unless the amount of non-repayable przedpłaconej service provider tourist agrees or reimbursement complies with the rules on prepayment / payments and using reservation in the site.
If you want to check or improve its reservation tourist services may cancel that state do in accordance with the instructions provided in an email proving tourist services. reservation
Please bear in mind that, depending on the rules of the service provider for cancellation reservation / payments and tourist prepayments on site, cancellation of reservations are guests niepojawienia may be associated with the need to pay additional fees or you may not have the right to reimbursement of przedpłaconej / refund the amount paid.
Suggest that before are familiar with the rules on the reservation in detail booking / cancellation payments and the guests in force prepayment to the site. niepojawienia
It is also important, you to remember making payments on time, within the time limits in force in the case of the reservation.
If aware that member on report delayeth or they get the arrival of the state in place of the next day, just tell service provider that his staff knew when tourist member expected not canceled nor charges niedojazd naliczył reservation.
If need state aid in contact with the service provider, you can rely on our tourist chapter customer service.
Booking.com company is not responsible for any consequences or related cancelled or delayed arrival fees charged by the service provider of tourism.
7. (
Further correspondence)
When reservation tourist services you express consent to send to the state (s) e-mail messages that you may receive shortly before the date of arrival to the object.
This message will include information on the state, as well as travel to another type of offers and the information related to the reservation of tourist services and the purpose of the journey (including offer third parties to previously chosen by the state).
Express you agreed to sending to the state (ii) e-mail after after arriving with a request for service providers tourist and tourism services to assess and (iii) the e-mail, which you will receive after the residence on site.
This message will contain request for the issue of an opinion on the site.
In order to obtain information on other possible forms of contact with you, we are asking for consultation with our policy of privacy and policy on cookies.
Booking.com shall not be liable for any correspondence with the service provider tourist on its platform and through her.
You can not claim any rights on the basis of any request for service providers tourist correspondence with object or acknowledgement of any correspondence or request (in any form).
Booking.com can not guarantee that any request or correspondence is (properly and in a timely manner, read or met by the supplier) distributed tourist services or that will be filled in or made its conditions.
In order to duly complete and ensure their reservation tourist services should be given a valid email address.
Not bear responsibility for inadequate or incorrectly entered and we have no obligation to their e-mail addresses (verify), or for incorrect telephone numbers (mobile) or credit cards.
Any claims or complaints against or for tourist services should be directed Booking.com immediately, while always at the latest within 30 days from the established date the use of the product or service (e.g.
Date wymeldowania).
Claims complaints or, to be submitted after the deadline may be rejected and the 30-day then with such claim or applicant complaint must waive their right to any compensation (in respect of damage or the costs incurred).
Given constant updates and correction of prices and availability of, strongly behavior screenshots when making the booking, we suggest that, if necessary, have materials supporting position.
Information for customers (with the european economic area): we are the first to inform us of any complaints through our division of the customer.
If problem remains unresolved, you can use the platform online dispute resolution of the european commission.
This platform can be found at http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr.
8.
Ranking programme for facilities, and stars, preferred opinions guests
Our purpose is to display the relevant search results by creating spersonalizowanego, default tourism service providers on our ranking the platform.
Scroll can be, filters and sort by use and thus alternative ranking order to be able to impact on the presentation search results, in order to obtain order ranking based on other criteria.
Default ranking to generate results, in a process we use many algorithms is constantly evolving.
Booking.com identified the following parameters, which are closely linked to the finding by the user related service provider and thereby he gave them a priority in the tourist formulas (main parameters): personal history of search index, " from the " user clicks on service providers of tourism (" search party "), the number of reservations in relation CTR to the number of visits on the service provider tourist on the platform (" conversion '), the gross value (including appeals) and net (excluding appeals) reservation service providers of tourism.
Conversion CTR and may have an impact (various factors, including the assessment of the independent) (as well as its object both pooled result components), accessibility, rules, (competitive) price, quality content and some of the characteristics of the service providers of tourism.
Percentage premium paid by the supplier of tourist services or other obtained by us benefits (e.g.
By trade arrangements with the service provider or tourist) may also have an impact on strategic partners default, as well as data on ranking timely payment service providers of tourism.
Supplier tourist services may also affect its ranking by participating in a certain programmes-with, such as the project genius, change-special offers programme for partners and preferred tool to raise the visibility (in the last two cases, the supplier tourist services pays us a higher fee).
Object displayed by ownership of stars is not granted by Booking.com Booking.com.
Object itself acknowledged to the number of stars or it is granted by an independent third party przydzielającą) stars. (objectively
Offers are displayed in accordance with the number of stars (from the lowest and the highest or than the highest to the lowest) which suppliers provide Booking.com.
Depending on the (local) rules and the possibility of the number of stars is either by an independent third party allocated (), for example, by an official organisation) (it is granted or hotels assessment based on the opinions of offering accommodation, regardless of the objective criteria.
Booking.com does not impose a formal commitment to allocate the number of stars and not verify.
Reflects how object is the number of stars against a background of legal requirements (if applicable) or, if there are no regulations on background (adopted) market standards in or industrial aspects such as the price, facilities and services available (these requirements and the standards may vary depending on the country and organisation).
In order to facilitate customers to find the right site their preference for travel, can Booking.com meeting, which is determined by attributed to the assessment of the quality and displayed alongside selected sites in the form of Booking.com yellow tile.
In order to establish comparable set of criteria, quality assessment is based on many (more than 400) characteristics which can be divided into five main categories: (i) through the facilities / services offered by object on, (ii) the object, Booking.com i.e.
Volume options accommodation, the number of available rooms and visitors may object, (iii) and the number of people settled in image quality added by object, (iv) the average rating of the facility and specific assessments, e.g.
For purity, which is particularly helpful for visitors in evaluating the quality of facilities and (v) the anonymous historical data (e.g.
To assess the number of stars granted facilities).
We use these functions, in order to obtain models based on the statistics.
Based on these data input is carried out, an analysis based on teaching space, with the result that quality evaluation (between 1-5, displayed using 1-5 yellow tiles next to the name) is automatically calculated and storage facility granted.
Only guys who reach residence in a facility will be invited by Booking.com to express their views on his residence in that facility and to grant it an assessment for the various aspects of residence or receive request to express their views even during their stay.
Ready opinion guy (including evaluation while) which has been issued may be (a) loaded on an appropriate service providers with information on the side of the tourist facility in the sole purpose of informing the (future) customers of the member's opinion on the (level) services and service providers, as well as the quality of tourism (b) (wholly or partly) used at the discretion of (for marketing purposes, promotion or Booking.com in order to improve services) and placed on our platform or on social media platforms, newsletters, special operation, applications or through other channels belonging to managed, used or controlled by Booking.com.
In order to offer and maintain the latest (and thus the most recent) opinions, they may be added for a limited period (three months) after implementation of the stay and, every opinion will be available for a limited period (36 months) from the date of its publication.
Default ranking opinion is by date of opinion, and add displayed for several additional criteria (such as the language in which was written opinion or comments to), while the views of users who opinion [always] shall transmit these detailed opinions (called " reporters ") may be included on the forefront of the ranking.
You have the possibility to choose between different rankingami and (e.g. filters
Sortując after type, date, language opinion on whether the customer assessment).
Booking.com allows service providers to respond to the tourist opinion.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right, and improving rejection disposal without cause, if they violate the rules adding our opinion.
Booking.com does not provide any additional benefits for issuing an opinion. customers
Survey should be seen as a questionnaire and it does not contain any (further) tenders and calls of any kind.
Booking.com endeavours to monitor and remove opinions, which contain words, personal data or information on stolen vulgar things.
Booking.com does not accept the opinion:
Containing words and colour sexual and hate speech vulgar, discriminatory, containing threats or using violence
Przywołujących names, containing attacks towards staff handling object
Calling for illegal activities (such as drugs or prostitution)
Showing internet addresses, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card details
With reference to the political situation
Both Booking.com, and tourism service provider have the right to termination of cooperation with any reason (including in the event of breach of contract or bankruptcy) with due regard for the period of notice agreed by both parties.
9.
Surrender
In accordance with the constraints in these conditions and provisions, as well as in accordance with applicable law, we are only responsible for the direct damage that actually incurred in connection with the non-compliance by us from the to provide services, and that the total amount is equivalent to the total cost of the reservations set out in an email proving regardless of tourist services (reservation, whether it was a one-off, or recurring situation)
Nevertheless as referred to in the law, neither we nor none of our representatives, directors, employees, officials, agents, partners, distributors, our concession holders affiliated agents and none of the other actors involved in the design, sponsorship, promotion or in any other way release website and its contents shall not be liable for (i) any punitive, direct or indirect damage and loss of exceptional in production, loss of earnings, the loss of income, losing the contracts, loss or damage to goodwill or reputation, injury, (ii) the total any kind of incompatibility associated with (descriptive information (including prices), availability and that the service provider tourist classification) has made available on our platform, (iii) the services provided and the products offered by the service provider tourism or other business partners, (iv) any incurred by the member (direct, indirect or punitive), loss or costs, in accordance with the damage resulting from or related to the use, failure to exercise or delays on our platform and for (v) any injury, death, property damage, or other (
Booking.com does not correspond to (and renounces the), for the use of any liability, the quality, relevance and efficiency of the correctness of the tourist and does not provide any guarantee claims and conditions, both in default, as well as other laws, including implied guarantees commercial legal title, guarantee or suitability of the inviolability of.
You are acknowledge and accept that the relevant service provider tourist sole responsibility for tourism product (including for guarantees and statements provided by the service provider tourism).
Booking.com is not distributor or of tourist salesman.
Complaints and requests for a product tourist (including for offered (special) price policy or specific / promotion customers) must be sent to the service provider demands of tourism.
Booking.com shall not be liable and renounces for such complaints and its demands.
Irrespective whether fee tourism product is withdrawn () was taken directly by the supplier tourist services, whether we process payments for tourism product, then we are facilitating service provider tourist is the party responsible for withdrawal, discount, the transfer or pay taxes due for the relevant authorities room / reservation.
Booking.com is not responsible for withdrawal, discount, transmission or payment of relevant authorities prices and taxes due for the tourism product.
Booking.com never works or is not working as an official salesman).
Photos adding / images in our system (for example, while adding opinion), and that you have copyright gwarantujesz proposing to those pictures / images and you agreed to use by Booking.com added by / images to website you pictures (also its), applications and mobile version of the content of promotional materials (online / offline) and publications in so far as it considers appropriate. Booking.com
Originate Booking.com, global irrevocable, unconditional and niewyłącznego lifetime of law and the authorisation to use, duplication, presentation, distribution, licensing, communication and making available the pictures / images to the extent that it considers appropriate. Booking.com
Adding these pictures / images, full legal and moral responsibility for any take legal claims, which is raised by any third parties (including
Owners facilities) following publication and the use of these pictures and images by Booking.com.
Company Booking.com is not the owner added by you / nor is for them pictures images responsible.
Responsibility authenticity and the added photos and the ownership rights to him rests with the person who eats added, and not on Booking.com.
Booking.com renounces all responsibility for published pictures.
Person added image, ensures that it does not contain any viruses, horses or files, and its contents of the trojan infected does not have a pornographic, illegal, obscene, offensive or inappropriate and does not affect any rights of third parties (e.g.
Intellectual property rights, copyright and rights of privacy).
Where a photo / image does not meet the criteria set out above will not be published or may be (permanently) disposed of by at any time, Booking.com without prior notification.
10.
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, the software necessary to our services and the available and / or used in our platform, as well as all intellectual property rights (including copyright) concerning the content and the information contained in materials on our platform belong to the companies Booking.com b.
V.
And its tourism service providers.
Booking.com has exclusive rights (intellectual property) to (appearance and solutions, including infrastructure) on the platform on which are made available services (and the opinions of guests and translated pages) and prohibits the copying of content of the release (hyper) links and deep, publication, promotion, sale of links or use in any other way content from the (including the guests and translated pages) without the express written approval of the content.
Upon (partial or full use (translation)) content (including opinion guests) or holding by member of intellectual property rights to fragment platform (translation) content or views, those rights in full to are Booking.com.
Unlawful use of parties or any of the activities described above constitute a material breach of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and rights to databases).
11.
Appropriate law, jurisdiction and settlement of disputes
As referred to by the applicable law, the following conditions and provisions, as well as provided by the us services governed by the law applicable in the netherlands.
Anyhow person benefiting from our services to which can be considered as not related to her professional activities (hereinafter " client "), may have recourse to the laws in force in the country of his habitual residence (i.e.
Provisions which, in accordance with the choice of applicable law, shall be valid regardless of the classification of choice; hereinafter called the " provisions in force ').
All disputes arising from these conditions and provisions, as well as in connection with the services provided by the us will be settled only by the court competent for the city of amsterdam in the netherlands.
Regardless of the provision on the jurisdiction, may also bring proceedings relating to put in place proper client laws before the court of his residence and proceedings against customer may be brought only before the court of his place of residence.
Information for customers (with the european economic area): we are the first to inform us of any complaints through our division of the customer.
If problem remains unresolved, you can use the platform online dispute resolution of the european commission.
This platform can be found at: http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr.
Original english version of the general conditions and provisions can be translated into other languages.
Translation is carried out by company employees, and therefore, you can not claim any rights on the basis of translation conditions and provisions.
In cases of doubt regarding the content or interpretation of these conditions and the provisions or in case of non-compliance or discrepancies between the english version, and any of the language versions of these conditions and provisions, the reference point is always english version, which is, as far as laid down by the legislation in force, the final and conclusive.
English version of the conditions and provisions is available on our platform (after selecting english language).
It may be to the request, sent after previous expressed on the writing.
If any of the conditions and provisions is or becomes invalid, feasible or, still remain bound by the non-binding all the other terms and conditions.
Order invalid in such a case is still at the full rate, in accordance with applicable enforced law, and the country will be at least recognition like void, impossible or provisions, taking into account the conditions and the content of the non-binding provisions.
12.
About Booking.com and companies cooperating
Tourism service is provided by Booking.com b.
V.,
Company with limited liability, acting in accordance with the dutch law, established in Herengracht, ce, amsterdam, the netherlands 597 1017, and is registered in the chamber of commerce in amsterdam under 31047344.
Number in the vat it. Nl805734958b01
Booking.com is established in amsterdam in the netherlands, and is supported by the affiliated group (" the cooperating companies ') throughout the world.
Cooperating companies provide only support a Booking.com.
Some designated for that purpose the cooperating companies provide services client (only by telephone).
Cooperating companies do not own the any platform (do not control, do not manage and does not deal with maintaining platform).
Cooperating companies are not allowed to service tourism, represent or signing contracts on behalf of, any Booking.com for and to Booking.com.
You do not (any legal or contractual) links with companies cooperating.
Cooperating companies are not empowered to act or not function as agents for service. Booking.com
Booking.com does not recognise as their registered offices (including any any of the cooperating companies), other than the headquarters of the companies in amsterdam.
