The user
Electronic arts
Last update: 17 may 2018.
Welcome to the ea.
This agreement regulates access and use of software, such as the software to computer games contained disk cd or collected, offered by ea and its subsidiaries (" "), as well as the related updates ea, updating and functions as well and functions and services online mobile devices, websites and their content provided by ea and / or events on live organised by or in connection with the ea (including referred to as " services ea ").
This agreement shall be concluded between the operator and the ea set out in paragraph 14 below.
When using the services ea, these conditions. user accepts
Otherwise shall not be installed or use of services ea.
People certain countries also agreed to express agreement on arbitration and surrender the right of collective redress contained in paragraph 15 in respect of all disputes with ea.
Contents
The ea
License
Content and powers
Access to services and update ea
Your '
The rules of procedure
Products for the pc
Termination and other sanctions
The use of data
Other software applications useful and tools
External actors
Disclaimer under the guarantee; the limitation of liability
General conditions
Amendment to this agreement
Disputes to binding arbitration proceedings
Extra conditions for playstation ®
1.
The ea
To access and use of many, including online gambling services ea, is required account ea.
To create an account ea, must be correct e-mail address and give true and accurate information.
User must be entitled to benefit from the services to which is made registration and ea must be resident in the country in which the use of services ea is permitted.
To create an account ea, it should be at least 16 years (or other minimum age in force in the country of residence).
For users who have completed the appropriate minimum age, but do not yet have 18 years (in force in the place of residence or age of majority), they are required to acquaint themselves with this agreement, together with one of the parents or carers.
That parents and caregivers must bear the responsibility for the actions users below 18 years in the course of the use of services ea.
Ea recommends that parents and caregivers are aware of the tools available in the equipment, which allow parental control their children.
Responsibility activity associated with a user bears ea.
Account ea the user may be suspended or removed if another person using it to activity affecting the provisions of this agreement.
User may refrain from accounts ea at any time.
User can also dispense with subscription services at any time. the ea
Contact chapter customer service ea at / en / to dispense with help.ea.com account ea.
Request user, in order to perform may collect fees or costs incurred, ea if it is allowed by law, as well as any amounts owed to other service providers or suppliers of content.
2.
License
Services ea are and not licensed user. sold
Ea provides personal limited, from being an unalienable user and licensing of a non-exclusive odwołalnej ea, for which it holds services access to use, provided compliance with the non-commercial of this agreement.
The user can not obtain access to the service ea, content and powers (as set out below), nor can it copy them, unless it is modify or distribute explicitly authorised by ea or permitted by law.
If existing law provides otherwise, without the explicit consent ea can not play or out of service user ea and in any other way to use source code or other data.
Ea licensor or any other rights, they own ea the rights to use, of the ownership of and to reap the benefits of rights as well as any related services ea, intellectual property rights, and these rights to reserve.
3.
Content and powers
Ea services include content and powers.
Content includes software, technology, text, posts on lookout, forums, posts,, news, links, widgets profiles e-mail, music, sound, graphics, photographs, film, code, as well as any material audible and visual or other materials emerging or issued within the services and the appearance of our websites and ea.
Content also includes content drawn up by the user (" "). '
' Content, in forums and shall include the names players posts and other content posted to ea content profile created by users in this service ea.
In accordance with paragraph 5 below, the entire contents is owned by ea or its licence for the ea and shall be subject to either licencjodawców her. licencjodawców
Powers that law, which for user to ensure license ea access or use of the items in online or offline services ea.
Examples powers include access to additional or increased functionality on digital content (including services or blocked mode for many players); subscriptions; assets; keys or virtual, the product codes or authentication codes off-block online; achievements in the game; points, coins or virtual currency.
Those items coins and currency shall be laid down as a " virtual currency virtual including. " ea
Once digital currency ea from us or our partners, the users receives a personal authorised, limited, and licence odwołalną an inalienable niewyłączną access and choice of allowances to ea clearly he made available.
Virtual currency has no monetary value and can be for ea her to buy only our products and services.
Virtual currency ea can not be sold, rotated, provided or exchanged on the cash.
It may be only used for available powers to services ea.
Virtual currency ea shall not be returned and user shall not be entitled to reimbursement of expenses for unused virtual currency ea.
After use digital currency for entitlement, rating is not ea may be subject to recovery, exchange or reimbursement.
Users living in japan are required to use all the digital currency within 180 days of its acquisition of ea.
User at its own expense provides equipment and connection to the internet and is required to access charges and use of services ea.
4.
Access to services and update ea
Ea does not guarantee that any services ea, or will be available at all times, content rating in all geographical locations or for a limited period, or that it will continue to offer the services, content rating for a specified period or ea.
Ea does not guarantee that the services may be available for all apparatus, ea via internet service or in terms of connectivity to the supplier or in all geographical locations.
Without notifying the user, ea can to change or modify it occasionally ea, content or powers services.
These updates and adjustments may be required in order to further the use of services ea.
Ea may update or certain parameters in order to keep in balance reset the match and use of services ea.
Such updates or " " may exacerbate the status in the world of resety game and have an impact on forms, game, team or other powers controlled by the user.
5.
Your '
User bears responsibility for the content. '
' Content, which can not be sent infringe intellectual property rights outside bodies or law, break provisions of this agreement or the law of privacy or the right to the publication of the external actors.
Ea may, at its own discretion, delete, edit, or block the content for any reason, including ' the legitimate claims that the breach of the provisions of this agreement. the contents of the '
Ea did not have any responsibility for content, for their removal or no remove it, as well as any other content.
Ea does not work previously all content and does not support or does not approve any ' content available under the services ea. '
For setting up the content, user and its licencjodawcom ea grants ' and,,, global licensees non-exclusive bezterminowej subject to licensing of marketable use, making available, keeping sub-licences,, modifying, creating works of derivatives, reproduction of a public presentation and or otherwise transmission and distribution of the display content or any part thereof by any means it or form, as well as in any medium or forum, whether it is now known data or is not yet, without notification, payments or rights of every to the user or assign an external body.
The user can also provide all other users who have access and may make use of its content in the service, the right to ea ' use, copying, modification, display, presenting, as well as the creation of works of derivatives other means transmission and dissemination content under or through services ea ' without notification, the granting of rights or remuneration for the user.
6.
The rules of procedure
For access to or use of services ea, confirms that there will be no user:
Affect legislation, rules or regulations.
Interfere or disrupt the operation of services or any server or the network, used to ea service or services, which includes attempts to break into ea or violations of the security services ea.
Use any software or programme, which is harmful, it intervenes in either interferes with the action of services or other computer or property, which ea includes attacks type dos, spam computer transmission computer viruses, burglary worms, horses, cleaning agents, programmes, of the trojan spyware and malicious files bombs. for
Interfere with or interfere with the use of services by another player ea.
Includes interfering with the normal development of this game, chat or discussions in the services ea, for example by
Use vulgar or language, expressing herself, excessive napastliwego obelżywe (use only uppercase), shouting spam, or multiple enter. floodowanie push
Nagabywać plague, at,, use or act towards other spam zawstydzać players against their will, e.g.
Through repeated sending unsolicited manner, or making advances of a personal nature or speech on racial, sexual orientation, religion, nationality of cultural heritage, etc.
The language of hatred is not tolerated.
Create content or organise or participate in any ' groups, or which are aktywnościach inadequate, offensive, gildiach, obscene, threatened, hateful, napastliwe offensive, obscene, vulgar, minorities, violate laws pornographic affecting or anyone's privacy are unacceptable from other justified.
Publish posting, sent or distribute content, or substance which are illegal or ' which the user has no right to without a spread.
Publish posting,, or any content, such as sent disseminate topics, names, aliases, player, or other materials, the names of awatary or information which deems reasonably and objectively (ea) as appropriate, hateful, offensive, it's considered blasphemous, constituting a threat napastujące, obscene, to zniesławiające clearly sexual nature, affecting the law or privacy, vulgar,, obscene or unlawful. obelżywe
Posting news for purposes other than personal communication.
Prohibited messages include advertising, spam list, financial and other types of łańcuszkowe pyramid or activity of a commercial nature. solicitation
Podszywać under another person or false suggest that it is a worker or a representative of the ea.
Incorrectly benefit from aid in the game or service buttons to be false declarations to staff complaints sent ea.
Attempt obtained or information concerning an account or other password tryin ' private information from other persons within services ea.
Use robots, spiders or other mechanisms or processes, in order to obtain automated access to that website for any purpose or copy any available there materials.
Use or distribute programmes or tools, such as " illegal ' programmes, programmes type " automatic ', programmes of " macro " cheat or applications, programmes using utility gaps in systems, programmes to deceive, or any other programmes or tools to, amend or cheating in games. włamywania
Modify any files or any other service elements ea without the explicit consent to their ea. modifying
Use programmes benefiting from the gaps, programmes to deceive, functions, errors or problems in project documented the ea services.
Use and disseminate false, including software or content ea digital currency ea.
Attempt involve ea by any, which is not controlled service or authorised by ea.
Sell, buy exchange or otherwise or transfer of ownership of its account ea transfer propose, its access to services, content related to his account ea ea, including digital currency ea and other powers, both within the ea services, as well as on websites ea owned by third parties, or in connection with transactions carried out outside the game, unless by explicit agreement (ea.
Use ea services in the country where the ea are not authorised for such services on offer under the existing legislation on export control.
If ea service requires that " or " created " user username player " to represent him in the name of the game and online, should not be used his real name, and can not be used user name or names player, which are used by someone else, or which ea considers or offensive or somebody else's right. vulgar affecting
Take other actions substantially interfering on, honesty and respect for each other in a game of the service ea.
Use information about users, which are accessible to the public in a given service (e.g. ea
In ranking), for the purposes of unrelated to the service, including for attempting to identify users in the real world.
Promote, support or engage in any unlawful activity described above.
Where user or the user of his account ea such rules and does not rectify the non-conformity after upon receipt of a warning, ea will be able to take appropriate action, including cancel the user access to certain or all services ea, content or powers or block account as set out in paragraph 8 ea user.
In case of serious infringements ea may take these activities without prior warning.
Serious violations, in particular, promote, encourage or participated in the hakowaniu or (including powers or selling accounts ea digital currency and objects) without the consent of ea, extreme harassment and threatening to illegal activities taking.
If possible, ea informs of the action taken in response to violations of the user of those rules, or breach of this agreement.
In the case of the use of certain services may apply additional rules of conduct. ea
If another user, which contravenes any of these rules, please report this action to using the function " aid ' ea or " report ' in the appropriate abuse, where available, or service ea, please contact the chapter of technical assistance at help.ea.com / en /.
Ea may, at its own discretion, monitored or record internet activity or content as part of the services and may remove content from any services ea ea.
Please note that communication and content of the service are public ea user ' and are visible to others.
Recourse to the services subject to protection of personal data files and ea ea available at privacy.ea.com / en cookie, which is incorporated by reference to this agreement.
7.
Products for the pc
This section shall apply to services ea to play for the pc (" the products '). pc computers to ea
To access and use the services of ea linked to the product for computers, the user can be ea pc first required to make registration using the product code attached to product on computers. ea pc
Technical conservation measures and content
Ea uses certain measures to protect technical or to prevent piracy and illegal copying content or the use of products for the ea pc.
Products ea for pc computers in activation is used online applications, as well as they can benefit from the origin technology protection of sony dadc austria ag's Denuvo.
List games, in which it is being used technology can be found at Denuvo https: / / / / legal. www.ea.com pl-pl
Account ea, including the acceptance of this agreement and protection of personal data and files available at cookie ea / en, installation applications origin (privacy.ea.com https: / / / / about), accept www.origin.com pl-pl agreement user and origin connection to the internet is the conditions required for authentication of the pc and verify a user licence of computers ea on initial activation of the ea through equipment (computers pc unique " " or " authentication "). Uwierzytelnij
During authentication shall be reviewed in product code supplied with the product to the ea pc.
Authentication is limited to one account for product code, which means, ea that there is no possibility of transfer to computers pc. ea
Ea can confirm licence user by subsequent authentication online.
Is unlimited number of equipment, which may be achieved authentication of on pc, but can not be ea computers run and access of ea on for more than five unique pc computers devices within 24 hours.
All attempts to circumvent, exemptions or infringement of these technical conservation measures can make product on computers may cease to function properly ea pc, and this licence will be cancelled as a result of a breach of the user.
Please caution product code, as it may be needed for installation of computers for other devices. the ea pc
This technology can disrupt the operation of certain applications, such as that may be used in order to debugery circumvention technology access control.
Monitoring
Ea uses technology to detect and prevent fraud in specific connection with the use of products for the ea pc.
These are described below.
, You can visit a website https: / / www.ea.com / to find out which pl-pl / legal technology is used for each product ea on computers pc.
Punkbuster.
Ea can benefit from technology company inc., even balance Punkbuster Anti-cheat
User may choose to install programme during the installation of ea for pc computers Punkbuster.
After program is installed and connect to the server game online Punkbuster using this scheme, it will be monitored in order to detect ram memory computer programmes with other illegal operating simultaneously on computers pc and any modification of the ea of files for pc computers ea which allow or facilitate fraud other illicit programme is another program or file (e.g. "
Addon ', " mod ', ", " " hack, " " trainer '), which according to cheat ea (and) allows or facilitates the beliefs of all kinds of fraud (ii) allows a user or modify breaking into the interface, environment and / or action game in a way that they are not specifically authorised by ea or (iii) captures, " " or otherwise collects information coming with or through the game.
After odinstalowaniu product on computers pc, programme will remain ea sleep on the computer user. Punkbuster
Punkbuster programme should be implemented to uninstall executable available at https: / / www.evenbalance.com / downloads / pbsvc / pbsvc.exe.
Technology ea to counter fraud.
Ea can use their own technologies to combat fraud.
After connect online with the server game, these technologies will activate and monitor match, files linked to a product for the pc game ea and ram memory of a computer.
These detect fraud and other technologies concurrently with the prohibited programs running computers pc and any modification of the ea of files on computers pc providing or facilitating ea fraud.
If any of these technologies to combat fraud detects a fraud,, including the name we can collect the relevant information user accounts, information on detected other illegal programme and on pc modification files of ea date and time of detected.
Cancel licence and can also account in the case of his fraud. ea user
After removal of the user is from game server, these technologies to combat fraud are dezaktywowane.
Dezinstalacja
Products ea pc may be at any time in the settings game odinstalowane applications origin.
Dezinstalacji after in the computer can remain some saved locally files.
They removed the name of the game in the folder " manually wyszukując my papers " (pc) or by using the search files (mac).
8.
Termination and other sanctions
This agreement shall remain in force until its termination by the user or ea.
Ea can block access and use of ea or where it is found that the user account ea breached provisions of this agreement or that there has been in a different way to illegal, improper or fraudulent use of services related to the account of the user. ea ea
If possible, ea of such termination. notifies user
Block due to access to your account user may lose user name and the name of the ea player.
If user has more than one account ea, then, depending on the type of infringement may ea or abuse, to block all accounts and all related rights user ea.
If account is blocked, the user will not be ea user have access to his account ea or may be prevented from taking powers and access or use of services ea again.
When ea user accounts under this agreement, its licence will also be annulled.
Instead termination of the contract, and before its solution may delegate user warning, suspend or ea change his to access specific services ea or to his account ea, or cancel his powers at remove or devices, delete or delete account ea affecting the content of this agreement or prevent the user access to certain services ea.
Where by ea any of the actions described in this paragraph, the user will not be entitled to reimbursement of expenses (subject to statutory rights to reimbursement of expenses) or to compensate for the powers or convert them into cash, or other form of recovery.
Ea may at any time to block any service, with at least the 30-day period of notice ea via e-mail (if available), within the framework of the services or through the website with updates ea services (ea) (https: / / / /). www.ea.com pl-pl service-updates
When online service our game will not be updated and we can not guarantee that our games on mobile devices will continue to be available for download using services (or other services in the cloud) icloud.
When webservice game accessible via the service can be removed without informing her icloud user.
If user considers that any action against his account or the equipment has been taken as a result, mistakes, please contact the chapter of technical assistance at help.ea.com / en /.
Paragraphs 5, 9, 11 to 15 of this agreement shall remain in force after that contract terminated.
9.
The use of data
During the use of services by the user can collect and ea store data from its ea computer or facilities, including information on the computer or device and operating system (such as ip address and equipment), information on the use of service identifier ea, and use, where the systemic and statistics game equipment (e.g. outermost
Statistics user to protect in the game, you can put randomly generated identification number in ea memory chain key equipment of the user.
The identifier will be removed after devices). zresetowaniu
The use of services offline these data will be stored ea on a user-given device and sent to the ea after a successful with an internet connection by a device.
Ea shall use this information to carry out business activities, improve their products and services, the provision of services to the user and for the purposes of communication with the user (including for marketing purposes), for the provision software updates, dynamic content delivery, to provide technical assistance on the software, as well as to solving the problems related to errors and improve comfort and pleasure otherwise user.
If user makes use of online services, may also collect, use, store ea, to transmit and make public the statistical data on the game (including results, and to achieve) and also identify rankings content, which have been developed and made available by the other players.
User data shall be collected, used, stored and sent by the ea inc.
Based in the united states in accordance with the protection of personal data and files cookie available at / ea privacy.ea.com of
10.
Other software applications useful and tools
Services ea may require or allow collection of software, update or amendments to the software, or other programmes service or tools from or her on a computer console ea licencjodawców or a device of the user.
These technologies can be differentiated for individual platforms and service performance may vary depending on the ea computer and other equipment.
User is aware that these technologies may require specific update in order to further the use of services ea.
Updating some of these may contain or functions, to which blocked content access is possible only after an extra charge.
User agrees to automatic installation of available update services ea.
Niezainstalowanie available update might lead to the services, including products on computers ea ea, will become unfit for use pc.
11.
External actors
In certain services can be an opportunity to play on servers not ea owned or controlled by ea.
Ea does not control these services and shall not be liable for the use of services ea through them by the user.
These services outside bodies may require the user additional or different conditions and restrictions.
Services ea may contain hyperlinks to websites external actors.
Site other firms may hold different data or to give users ' personal data query.
Ea has no control over these websites and online is not responsible for their contents nor for the collection, use or disclosure of personal data.
12.
Guarantees; the limitation of liability
If you live in the european economic area (eea) or switzerland services ea will be made available with due diligence.
Besides ea makes no promises nor does not grant any guarantee in respect of services ea.
If user lives outside the eea and switzerland, services are made available in the form of licensed and ea (" as is "), a user uses them at their own risk.
As far as possible permitted by applicable law does not provide any clear, the alleged or ea statutory guarantee, including warranty, the alleged guarantee, guarantee a satisfactory quality, guarantee POKUPNOŚCI suitability for any purpose, guarantee rights of other entities, or guarantee not harming stemming from the operation, use or practice.
Ea NIEZABURZONEGO using the product or service does not guarantee that the service; ea will meet the expectations of the user; action service without ea disturbances or errors, defects, damage, loss of interference, or viruses, or burglaries that services will cooperate or will be in line with other ea programmes.
Ea does not provide any assurances or guarantee in respect of all the products and services of other entities offered in the shop origin.
See https: / / / / help / / help.ea.com pl-pl account, in order to obtain more information on / electronic-arts-warranty-policy the charter guarantees and other rights of consumers in the country of residence laid down by law, as well as the user https: / / / / help / / help.ea.com en-au account, in order to obtain information about the rights of / electronic-arts-warranty-policy of consumers living in australia.
If you live in the eea or switzerland, ea and employees, and trading partners do not bear to ea licensor user liable for any loss or damage resulting from the acts or infringement by the provisions of this agreement the user or incurred as a result of acts or omissions of other entities (or anyone else) to which the ea has no effect.
If user lives outside the eea and switzerland, to the fullest extent authorised by existing law and employees, and trading partners licensor ea against the liable for any ea do not bear the losses, which are not due to a breach of this agreement by ea, or for indirect damage, by-products or follow-up, as well as compensation SANKCYJNE measurable.
Types excluded damage include, amongst others, financial losses (such as loss of income or profits), the cost of goods or services substitute or stop activities, loss of data, the distortion of the reputation, computer malfunction or malfunction of a computer.
This limitation of liability applies to all claims arising out of this licence or services or connected with them, irrespective of the ea the legal basis of the claim (contractual liability, DELIKTOWA, or other), statutory objective.
This limitation of liability shall remain in force even in a situation where ea should have to know about the possibility of phasing out or such damage.
User can claim compensation only through the direct damage in any amount not exceeding amounts actually paid for the service ea.
Ea does not limit its responsibility for fraud, grossly negligent or intentional, action as well as death or injury.
Because some legal systems do not permit such exceptions or limitations responsibility, some of them or their whole may not relate to the user.
If user bought a copy of the natural services in retail store in the united states ea steady state and does not accept the conditions of this agreement, and also not installed, or does not use the service, it may be, or ea listed in thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place purchase, acting in accordance with the instructions for the reimbursement available at https: / / help.ea.com / / help / / electronic-arts-warranty-policy / pl-pl account.
13.
General conditions
All contracts
This agreement, together with any other conditions on the use of services by the user, ea ea constitutes the agreement between the holder and ea.
Any amendments or modifications to the contract shall be in writing and the signature to be void. ea
Nieskorzystanie ea of any rights under this agreement will not constitute waiving that right or any other law ea.
Where any part of this agreement will be considered ineffective, all other parts of this agreement, to preserve their full effect.
Applicable law
If user lives within the eea, switzerland, brazil, hong kong, mexico or russia, (and) this agreement is an agreement between the operator and the swiss company registered in the register, ea sàrl entrepreneurs in geneva under number, established in place du 8 Ch-660-2328005-8 Molard 1204, geneva, switzerland, (ii) to this agreement and the use by the user of services are applicable law's country of residence of the user ea; and (iii) is explicitly agree that, in the case of a user all claims and proceedings arising from this agreement or the use of the services or related ea will have exclusive jurisdiction courts of the country of residence of the user.
If lives in the south korea, user (s) this agreement is an agreement between the operator and swiss company registered in the register, ea sàrl entrepreneurs in geneva under number, established in place du 8 Ch-660-2328005-8 Molard, geneva, switzerland; (ii) 1204 to this agreement and the use by the user of services apply legislation ea (excluding korean contained therein conflict-of-law rules); and (iii) is explicitly agree that, in the case of a user all claims and proceedings arising from this agreement or the use of the services or related ea will have exclusive jurisdiction courts korean.
If you live in the united states, canada or japan, (and) this agreement is an agreement between the operator and electronic arts inc.,
209 redwood shores parkway, redwood city, ca, usa; (ii) to 94065 of this agreement and the use by the user of services apply the law of california (ea (excluding contained therein conflict-of-law rules); and (iii) is explicitly agree that, in the case of user all claims and disputes which are not subject to the following provisions of the referral, exclusive jurisdiction to settle all claims and proceedings arising from this agreement or the use of the services or connected with them will have courts ea federal or state appropriate for san mateo county, california, and also agrees to private property these courts terms user.
If user in the lives of any other country, (and) this agreement is an agreement between the operator and the swiss company registered in the register, ea sàrl entrepreneurs in geneva under number, established in place du 8 Ch-660-2328005-8 Molard, geneva, switzerland; (ii) 1204 to this agreement and the use by the user of services apply the law of california (ea (excluding contained therein conflict-of-law rules); and (iii) is explicitly agree that, in the case of user all claims and disputes which are not subject to the following provisions of the referral, exclusive jurisdiction to settle all claims and proceedings arising from this agreement or the use of the services or connected with them will have courts ea federal or state appropriate for san mateo county, california, and also agrees to private property these courts terms user.
United nations convention on agreements international sales of goods (vienna, 1980) will not apply to this agreement or to any dispute arising from this agreement or associated with her.
Exports
User undertakes to comply with the provisions of the united states and other provisions in force governing export export, as well as undertakes not to send services or to destinations covered by foreigners ea export ban provided for in those provisions.
User also confirms that it is not a person with whom under such law export prohibition of commercial transactions ea has.
14.
Amendment to this agreement
Ea may periodically change in connection with the provisions of this agreement and the user should checked frequently its current wording.
Players ea, for this agreement before, who have accepted version of the changes will apply 30 days after the publication on terms.ea.com /.
Further use of services by the means accepting these changes. ea
After acceptance by the user of the version of the agreement in the future we will not introduce significant changes of its wording without obtaining explicit consent of the user.
If user will be asked to accept substantial changes the wording of this agreement and withholds its assent to the new entries can not continue to use the service ea.
15.
Disputes to binding arbitration proceedings
This paragraph refers to all those and consumers, who have accepted conditions of this agreement.
None quebec, russia, switzerland, it's inhabitants of eea member states, brazil, mexico and south korea.
By acceptance conditions this contract the holder and clearly right to trial, ea ZRZEKAJĄ before the grand jury and the right to participate on the collective redress.
This paragraph contains provisions for a simplified way resolve any disputes between the operator and the ea.
User most of the problems can solve quickly and in a satisfactory manner by login using his account for the interface of technical assistance at ea / en / help.ea.com.
If ea will not be able to solve the problem, and ea agree notified user follow the procedure described in this paragraph in order to resolve any disputes between the operator and the ea.
This paragraph is an agreement between the operator and the relevant representatives of workers, and is valid ea subsidiaries, legal predecessors, beneficiaries and successors in title of the user and ea cesjonariuszy.
This arbitration clause confirms transactions in trade and therefore launch interpretation and implementation of the provisions of this paragraph shall be governed by the federal law arbitration.
This paragraph shall be interpreted in a broad sense, and will keep its effect after termination of this agreement.
Claims to arbitrage
Any disputes and claims arising from this agreement, any service ea and its marketing or the relationship between the holder and ea or associated with them (hereinafter together called " disputes ") will be settled only through a binding arbitration.
This includes also claims arising prior to the conclusion of this agreement by the user.
Disputes only outside the provisions of this paragraph are claims (i) on the infringement or date business secrets, protection of copyright, trademarks or patent rights user, ea or; (ii) if the user licencjodawców ea lives in australia: intended to enforce laws rights of consumers by virtue of legislation; australian and (iii) brought before the court conclusive as a simplified scheme.
Informal negotiations
Before user and ea matter to arbitration, first attempt to put any dispute over a period of at least informal resolution of 30 days.
Such informal negotiations begin upon receipt of the written notice the one hand, by the other party (" notice of dispute ').
Notice dispute must: (a) contain the name or the full name and contact information of the applicant; (b) describe the nature and the basis for claims or dispute; and (c) identify specific requested compensation.
Ea shall send notice of dispute on clearing or by e-mail address of the user.
User sends notice of address: dispute electronic arts inc.,
209 redwood shores parkway, redwood city, united states, attention: ca 94065 legal department (to the legal department).
Binding arbitration
If user and can not resolve the dispute by ea informal negotiations, any party may refer the dispute to the final and settlement in the way of binding arbitration exclusive.
Any decision one part of the dispute in the arbitration proceedings shall be final and rozsądzeniu binding for the other side.
Procedure arbitration shall be governed by the rules of the american association (arbitration commercial arbitration " aaa ") and, where necessary, additional procedures used in consumer disputes (the aaa on consumers '). ah
Both sets of rules are available on the website of aaa at www.adr.org.
Charges arbitration and its participation in the remuneration paid by user arbitrator regulates aaa. staff
Where appropriate, they are limited by the aaa for consumers.
If arbitrator considers such costs too much, or if you notice to the above shall send to ea the address to which shall be sent a notice of the dispute, informing them that is not able to bring charges required to initiate arbitration, the ea will pay all fees arbitration and will cover all relevant expenditure.
Arbitration may be carried out in person, by the presentation of documents, by telephone or via the internet.
Arbitrator will order in writing and shall give reasons, if a party so requests.
Arbitrator must comply with the applicable law.
Otherwise each of its judgment may be challenged.
User ea and may bring the matter to the court in order to extort arbitration proceedings pending the arbitration or suspension endorsement, amendment, cancellation or a ruling on the decision taken by the arbitrator.
Restrictions
User ea and agree that any party may submit a claim against the other party only on my own behalf and not as a reason or member of the group in a possible dealing with collective redress.
Arbitrator won't and any other person claims claims user as well will not carry out any dealing with collective redress.
Arbitrator may give a ruling or act security for claims only declaratory single for compensation, and only in the starającej the extent necessary to ensure the legitimate specific claim that page. redress
Specific order if it is not successful, then the whole arbitration clause shall be considered invalid.
Jurisdiction of local courts
If you live in the united states, arbitration shall take place at any legitimate place for user. convenient
For people living outside the united states arbitration shall be initiated in san mateo county, california, in the united states of america, and the user and agree to the jurisdiction of the man in this court ea in order to extort arbitration proceedings pending the arbitration, or the suspension of the endorsement, amendment, cancellation or a ruling on the decision taken by the arbitrator.
Compensation
If on claims brought against the ea will give a judgment for the benefit of the user for reasons of arbitrator substantive and compensation of monetary value greater than that referred to grant the last written the proposed agreement tabled by ea before the transfer to an arbitrator, is written applications: ea
Pay user to 150 % of the amount damages to be awarded in the arbitration proceedings, up to a maximum of 5000 usd over the amount of such compensation; and
Will user charges paid by the user to arbitration aaa.
Amendments to this arbitration clause
Ea will not introduce substantive amendments of this arbitration clause without obtaining explicit consent user such changes.
16.
Extra conditions for playstation ®
For purchases in the playstation store in europe
Content purchased through the store means that it has been made available in the game purchased from companies sony interactive entertainment network europe limited (" ") and is subject to conditions to provide services SIENE in force in the network, which may be the playstation network read at the playstation ™ store.
Use rights should be checked every purchase since they may vary depending on the item.
Unless otherwise indicated, content available in any store in the game is covered by the same classification made available as a game.
Web.archive.org https: / / / web / 20180724071100 / http: / / tos.ea.com / / / us / en / legalapp WEBTERMS pc /
