Staff
Welcome on facebook.
For services, ceilings and video messages when you click here there will be a contract, and other information, a summary of here which transfer requires the european code of electronic communications.
Facebook creates technologies and services, which enable users of networking, building communities and expanding.
This regulation regulates the use by the user from facebook, and other products offered by us Messengera functions, applications, services, technology and software (hereinafter products or products), except in the case of facebook, which sometimes we find that apply separate provisions (and not this regulation).
They provide users with facebook ireland limited.
Not we toll facebook or other products and services covered by this regulation.
Instead companies and organisations they pay us for display advertising their products and services.
Using our products, user agrees to show him advertising, which we believe will be for him interesting.
Use personal data, in order to determine which advertising user to show him.
We don't sell users ' personal data or information which is not available reklamodawcom reklamodawcom allow direct identification users (such as name, e-mail address and other contact details) without the express consent of the users.
Instead advertisers can tell us what kind of customers want to show their advertising and those in people who may be wyświetlimy advertising them interested.
We reklamodawcom reports on the effectiveness of advertising, through which can understand how you react to customers more easily their content.
For more information see section 2 below.
Our rules concerning the data explain how we bring together and we are using personal data of users in order to identify certain advertising that users watch and provide as all other described below services.
User may also at any time, go to the settings, in order to verify possible options on how the use of its data.
1.
Provided by us services
Our mission is to enabling people to exercise building communities and to each other. their approach
As part of this mission provide users to products and services described below:
Give users can benefit from them in a personalised: benefits from facebook in a unique user: from posts, relations, events, advertising and other content to be displayed in or on our platform video, after Aktualnościach observed and other functions, from which the user can have access, such as the most popular, whether or not the search. marketplace
We use the data on the-for example, the contacts made elections or elected settings nawiązywanych and content and activities carried out in our products made available and beyond-to allow users to use them in a personalised.
We users with individuals and organisations on which they care about: we are helping re-users to find and making contact with persons, groups, firms, organizations and other users, on which they care in all products of facebook, which they use.
We use the data, to give users and other suggestions, e.g.
Indicate group, which may add, events, which may take part, the parties which may or may send a message, which observed programmes which could watch or those who may wish to conclude knowledge.
Stronger ties better communities and we are convinced that our services are most useful when users refer with those groups and organizations, knowledge on which they care about.
Give users the opportunity to express their views and mobility issues that are important to them: facebook offers many opportunities express itself and talks with friends, family and other people about what user important-for example, by making available change status, photographs, films and relations in all products, from which the user uses, facebook that message friends, the creation of events or groups or adding materials to profile.
We, too, and still we are developing new ways of using by users of technologies, such as
Reality enlarged or films, to enable them to 360 developing and providing more interesting and distinctive content on facebook.
Helping users in uncovering, products and services, which may content attract attention: we show, and other materials sponsored offer users advertising to easier to be found content, products and services offered by a number of companies and organisations benefiting from service facebook and other products facebook.
We explain it in more detail in section 2 below.
We cases harmful effect and we protect and support our community: users community on facebook, only if the form feel secure.
'S special teams all over the world and we advanced technical in order to detect cases of misuse of our products in relation to other persons harmful effect, and the situation in which we can help in promoting or the protection of our community.
If know what this type of content or activities, we will take appropriate steps-for example, we will propose aid content, block access to certain functions, we will withdraw, block account or we will law enforcement agencies.
Udostępniamy data to the other companies in the case of facebook misuse or harmful effect by a person from one of our making use of the products.
Using advanced technologies in order to provide safe and derive and functional services each: we use and derive advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence, systems machine learning and augmented reality-so that users could safely benefit from our products irrespective of the physical ability or geography.
Such technologies help e.g.
Persons with visual impairment to find out what or who are those photos or films made available on facebook or Instagramie.
We also developed and communication technologies, network in order to allow more people to connection to the internet, in areas with limited.
Derive also automated systems designed to improve our ability identify, and remove dangerous and activities which may harm our community that break the rules and the integrity of our products.
We improve our possibilities to develop research services: we are, checking and improvement of our products.
Qualifies as the analysis of the data that we have on our users and understanding of use of the data by users, for example by products analyses and tests and dealing with the problems with the new functions.
Our rules concerning the data explain how we use data in order to promote these studies for the development and improvement of our services.
We consistent and efficient ways of using products companies: our products help users in connection with searches facebook and touch with those groups, companies, knowledge of organisations and other users, who are for them's main.
We our systems so as to how they use is coherent and efficient in various products, of which the user uses. facebook companies
Use data on persons, which, for example, is interested in on facebook, user to facilitate the establishment of contact them on instagram or and communication with the company messenger users observed on facebook are we through. Messengera
Enabling global access to our services: so that we can use our service on a global scale, it is necessary to storage and distribution of content and data centres data and throughout the world, including systems outside the country of residence of the user.
Such infrastructure is supported or controlled by facebook, inc.,
Facebook ireland limited or their related parties.
2.
The method of financing our services
Instead pay for the use of facebook and other products and services that we offer, through the use of facebook products covered by this regulation to facebook user agrees display for whose promotion in his advertising products companies and beyond pay us firms and facebook organisations.
Use personal data of users, such as information on their activity and interests, in order to display users advertisements, which are for them more interesting.
Privacy users of the service is a key element functioning of our system of advertising.
It allows us accurate and useful advertising without providing users display information about them. reklamodawcom
We don't sell users ' personal data.
We reklamodawcom for the transmission of such information as their objective business and we kind of audience, which they show advertising (for example, those aged years, which like driving bike) 18-35.
Then their advertising in people who may be we're concerned.
We reklamodawcom also reports on through which it will be easier effectiveness of advertising them to see how customers respond to their content on facebook and beyond.
Reklamodawcom provide general information, for example, and information on demographic interests (for example, about the fact that advertising was displayed by a woman in a number of between 25 and 34 years, who lives in madrid and interested in it), to facilitate their understanding of their customers.
Is not available information, which allow direct identification user (such as name or e-mail address, which allow contact with the user or to determine who is) without the express consent of the user.
For more information on action advertising on facebook here. find
Generate and use personal data of users in order to provide them with services described above.
More information about the way in which generate and use data can be found in the rules on users of the data.
Got control of types, as well as on advertising and being watched advertisers information on the basis of which we advertising for you.
For more information.
3.
Commitments user to facebook and our community
Provide these services to the user and other persons as part of our mission.
In return, the user takes over the following commitments:
Who can benefit from facebook
Our community is safer and more responsible when for comments and actions are real people.
So we demand from our users:
Use name again, they use every day.
Give accurate information about;
Creating only one account (own) and use for their own purposes; the timeline
Nieudostępniania password, another use their facebook account nieumożliwiania and own account on facebook to another person nieprzenoszenia (without our consent).
We try to facebook is accessible to all, but may not benefit from it:
Persons under the age of 13.
Persons convicted of sexual offences;
Persons whose account previously on grounds of infringement our rules or principles we blocked;
Persons with a ban on receiving our products, services or software under the existing rules.
What may be made available and to do on facebook
Want users benefited from facebook to express ourselves and sharing of content that are important to them, but not at the expense of safety and welfare of others or integrity of the community.
User therefore undertakes not to be involved in the operation described below (nor facilitate and does not support other in making another such activities):
The user can not use our products to act, nor to provide content that:
Break these rules, standards and other community regulations and rules applicable to the exercise by the user from facebook;
Is illegal, misleading or discriminatory fraudulent;
Infringe the rights of another person, including its intellectual property rights.
The user can not send viruses or mean or action which could take code block, overload or distort or appearance of our products. smooth operation of the compromise
The user can not obtain access or collected data from our products way (without prior approval) or automated our attempt to obtain access to the data, to which no collection consent to access.
, We can remove or block content that violate the above.
You remove content on grounds of infringement made available by the user community standards, we'll notify about this user and facebook we'll tell him, which is to apply for a another review, unless a serious and persistent breach of this regulation is allowed or these measures may put us or other persons on the legal responsibility, harm our community users, or impair the integrity or to any of the threaten our service, systems or products for when we have technical limitations or when we've got a prohibit such behaviour.
In support of our community we encourage users to or behaviour which, according to the notification of the content of the users, violate their rights (including intellectual property rights), or our rules of procedure and.
We can remove or restrict access to your content, services or information, if we deem it necessary in order to avoid legal consequences from facebook.
Licences granted to us by users
Consent to the use of content produced and made available by the user:
Made available or sent some of the content, e.g.
Photographs or films, may be protected by intellectual property rights.
User holds intellectual property rights (copyright or trademarks) to any content, which creates or made available on facebook or in other products, which are facebook.
No provision of this regulation does not prevent the user rights to its own content.
User can share their content to any person and at any time.
However so that we can provide our service, we need from the user specified (referred to as " licence ' of legal) on the use of such content.
This serves only the provision and improving our products and services, as described in section 1 above.
Particularly when providing, publication or transmission content of intellectual property rights in our products or of related to user it provides us, that includes the right to non-exclusive licence of marketable, free and global grant sub-licences to use, use and dissemination, modification, activation, copying, reproduction or public display, translation of its content and creating on the basis of works derivatives (in accordance with the selected user privacy settings and applications).
This means for example that providing photo on facebook, user shall consent to us, and making it available to other users storage copying (in this case too, according to your his account), for example
Providers operating our or other products that facebook service user is relying.
License will expire when an content of our systems. user
User may remove the various components of the content or content of all at the same time removing account.
For more information on disposal account.
Before removing account user may take a copy of its data at any time.
After removing the content will no longer be seen by other users, however, may continue to be present in any other place in our systems, where:
Incapable of immediate removal due to technical constraints (in which case the content will be removed at the latest within 90 days of their removal by the user);
Content user have been used by other persons under license and these people, they don't remove (in which case the licence shall last until) or remove the content;
Remove immediately the content would make our ability to:
Examination activities and establish unlawful or breach of our regulations and rules of (for example, statements or misuse of our products or systems examination);
Fill legal obligation, such as preservation of evidence; or
Demands judicial or administrative authority comply with law enforcement authority or public administration;
Where content will be maintained for a period of no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which they have been retained (exact duration of will be determined individually.
In each of those cases a licence will apply until full remove the content.
Consent to the use of the name of the user, photos and information about the activities undertaken in relation profilowego to advertising and sponsorship content: user consent to the use of grants us without any consideration of its name and photograph and information about the activities undertaken by him profilowego on facebook in advertising, tenders and other sponsored content that we're in our products or in connection with them.
For example, we can show that he is interested in user friends like page created by the owner of the event or reklamowanym brand, who paid us for display his facebook page. advertising
That type of advertisement may watch only persons who have obtained consent of the user to display the actions taken by him on facebook.
For more information on settings and preferences for advertising.
Consent to update software used or received by the user: if you take our software or uses it, gives us permission for downloading and installing available software updates.
Restrictions on the use of our intellectual property
If user uses the intellectual property rights, which we have covered by content and is being made available in our products (for example, provided by the us images, projects films or sounds that user added to set up or made available by yourself content on facebook), any entitlement to these content (but we're not to the content of the user).
User can only use our copyright or trademarks (or similar indications), if their use has been admitted directly in our guidelines on the use of marks or issued by the us written authorisation.
To modify, creating works or other derivatives, these attempts to obtain from us dekompilacji source code is required our written consent (or authorisation under license open source).
4.
Additional provisions
Updating our rules of procedure
Constantly doskonalimy our services and we are developing new functions, in order to offer our community users and better products.
Therefore can every now and then, so that the updated rules of our services and duly reflect the practice.
Change admit only if entries will be inadequate or incomplete and regulation only if changes are justified for the user after taking into account its interests.
Report user (for example, by e-mail or through our products) changes in the regulation of at least 30 days before their introduction and we will allow consulting them before will enter into force, unless such changes are required by law.
When updated rules will enter into force, it will be binding for the user for further use of our products.
We hope that the user will continue to benefit from our products; however, when will not accept the updated regulation and will no longer wanted to belong to the community of facebook, may at any time to remove himself.
Suspension or closure of accounts
Want facebook was a place where users are fine and may safely to express themselves and to share thoughts and ideas.
Where it is found that the user is allowed a clear, a serious or persistent violations of the provisions of this regulation or of our principles, including, in particular, our standards communities, we can suspend or permanently block user access to his account.
We can also suspend or exclude user account for persistent violations of intellectual property rights of others by him or if we have a legal obligation.
If we take such measures, we'll notify about this user and we'll tell him what has to apply for a verification, unless such procedure may expose us or other persons on the legal responsibility, harm our community users, or impair the integrity or to any of the threaten our service, systems or products for when we have technical limitations or when we've got a prohibit such behaviour.
For more information about what the user can do if locked, how can you in touch with us accounts and, if it considers that we've just blocked his account by mistake.
You delete account or if we shut them down, this regulation shall cease to apply as the agreement between the us and the user, however, the following provisions shall remain valid: 3.
3.
1.4.
2 to 4.
5.
Limitation of liability
No provision of this regulation does not exclude our responsibility for death, injury or mislead due to negligence or affect our laws user rights.
Put due diligence to provide products and services and in maintaining safe and bezawaryjnego environment.
Assuming dołożyliśmy due diligence, don't we are liable for damages due to breach by this regulation or by us our other action for damages, which the user and facebook could not reasonably be foreseen at the time of acceptance of these rules and for events beyond our reasonable control.
Disputes
Trying to establish clear rules, in order to limit the number of disputes with users and possibly completely avoided.
If it's come to dispute, it's nice to know right now, where it can be resolved and what provisions will apply.
If user is a consumer and resides in a member state of the european union, the provisions of that member state will apply to any claim or dispute user action in connection with this regulation or with facebook products (" "), a claim facebook user may require an examination of its claims in any of the competent court in the member state having jurisdiction to settle the claim.
In all other cases, the user acknowledges that the claim be addressed by the competent court in the republic of ireland and that the irish law regulates these rules of procedure and any claims notwithstanding conflict-of-law rules.
Other provisions
These rules of procedure (formerly called a statement on the rights and obligations) constitutes the contract between the holder and ireland limited as regards the use by facebook user of our products.
It replaces all previous agreements.
Some offered by us products are also complementary conditions.
If they make use of such products, the user will have the opportunity to adopt additional conditions, which will become part of our agreement with him.
For example, if the user has access to our products or make use of them for commercial purposes or business, such as the purchase of advertising, the sale of products, the development of applications, the management group or party or their business using our services measuring has adopted our trading conditions.
Publication or dissemination of content containing rules on music. music is required our
If conflict between any extra conditions and this regulation, extra conditions shall apply to the concerned by the non-compliance.
Where any record of this regulation, other entries unenforceability retain full force.
Inability to enforce this regulation is not considered a repeal of its provisions.
Any additions to or derogations from this regulation shall be in writing and our signature.
Is prohibited any rights or obligations arising from the transfer of this regulation to other persons without our consent.
User may designate an (the guardian), which will be managed by its account account, when it will receive the status of " in memoriam. "
About disclosure of user accounts, which has acquired the status of " in memoriam " may apply maintonly accounts or person as designated by the user in an important will or other document of this type, where the user has expressed a clear desire to disclosure in the event of his death or loss of the capacity content to act.
This regulation does not give any rights to third parties.
All of our rights and obligations arising from this regulation may be by us in the case of a merger, takeover or freely carried over the sale of assets or legal action or otherwise.
User acknowledges that, in certain circumstances, we can change the username for his account (for example, if someone makes to her right or if that name will prove to be with the real name of user unbound uses every day.
If necessary, we'll notify the user in advance and explain the situation.
Always we encourage users to send opinions and other suggestions for our products and services.
Must nevertheless bear in mind that we can use it without any restrictions or obligation to pay remuneration of users and not, we have the obligation to maintain them in confidentiality.
5.
Other rules and regulations as may be applicable for user
Standards communities: these are all guidelines describing our standards on the content of published by the user and its activity on facebook and in other products facebook.
Trading conditions: those conditions apply also when the user has access to our products or dispose of them in any commercial purposes, including advertising or business, on our platform, the use of service applications our services measuring management group or party to companies or selling goods or services.
The insertion rules on facebook: those rules provide forms of advertising content admitted by the partners in products for facebook.
Conditions benefit from the system: they are conditions for advertising samoobsługowego creation, sending or supply of advertising or other commercial or activities or through system samoobsługowego sponsored content of advertising.
Rules for parties, groups and events: these principles apply in cases where a party or management group or event on facebook or in the use of the facebook for transmission of information on promotion or its management.
Rules platform facebook: they are guidelines describing rules for using by users of our platform (e.g.
Creators application on the platform or operators in the use of plugins social websites or).
Payment terms for applications: these conditions apply to creators applications benefiting from payments for services creators facebook.
Community staff for payments: these are the conditions for payments made facebook or through it.
Trade rules: these are the rules on offer by users guidelines describing products and services on sale on facebook.
Resource centre brand: these are the rules on facebook guidelines describing the trade marks, and screenshots use logotypów facebook. service
Rules on these principles apply in the case of music: publication or release on facebook content containing the music.
Rules for a live broadcast: these rules apply to all the data transmitted in facebook live. content
Staff communication services for users in the eu, the eea and the united kingdom: rules of procedure concerning services messages, and video made in ceilings products can be found here and here, as facebook with eu legislation.
Date of last revision: 20 december 2020.
