The use of google
Last modified: 30 april 2014 (display versions of archives)
Welcome to google
Thank you for the use of our services and applications (" services ").
The service is provided by the google inc. ("
Google "), whose headquarters are located at 1600 amphitheatre, mountain view, ca 94043 parkway, usa.
When using the services, user accepts these conditions.
Please it read.
Services vary widely, so sometimes may continue additional conditions or requirements for specific products (including age limits).
Content additional conditions is available in the relevant services and if the user is using these services, additional conditions form part of the agreement between the operator and google.
Use of
User must comply with any rules set out in the framework of the services.
Services must not be used in the wrong way.
For example, can not impede their activities or try to access otherwise than by interface and instructions provided by google.
Services may be used only in a authorised by law, including the provisions in force concerning export control and re-export.
, We can suspend or discontinue services user, if it isn't he obey our terms and conditions, or if we are to conduct an investigation relating to the alleged incorrect concerned.
Recourse to the services does not give any user intellectual property rights to services or to available content.
Materials originating from services must not be used unless their owner at that it is in the licence or provide otherwise permitted by law.
These conditions do not result in the granting of the right to use any user brands and logo used in services.
Must not be removed, the or edit any legal information services or in connection with displayed in them.
Services are made available to certain content not belonging to google.
Sole responsibility for these materials, which are made available be borne by the.
Check content we can in order to determine whether they are illegal or break our rules.
If we find that the material is incompatible with those principles or the applicable law, we can take him out or refuse its display.
This does not mean, however, that we always content, therefore you should not take such an assumption.
Associated with the provision of the service user may receive from us notices of services, administrative and other information messages.
User may decide not to receive some of these messages.
Some of our services are available on mobile phones.
Do not use of this type of service in a way that it difficult or impossible to follow the rules relating to the safety or of road traffic rules.
Your account google
The use of certain services may be needed account google.
User can create an account google itself or obtain them from the administrator, acting, for example, on behalf of the employer or the educational institution.
When using " google " account allocated by the administrator may apply other or additional conditions and the administrator has access to this account and may them down.
To ensure the safety of its " google " account, there should be a confidentiality password.
For what is happening in the account google or via the always corresponds to its owner.
Password should not be used in other applications to " google " account companies.
If detect unauthorised use of their own password or follow the account those instructions.
The protection of privacy and copyright
Policy privacy google explained treatment users ' personal data and the protection of privacy in the use of his services.
Using services user accepts that google may use the data in accordance with its policy of privacy.
We respond to the notification of the alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and accounts of people who have committed repeated usuwamy infringements, in accordance with the procedure laid down in the digital millennium copyright act in force in the united states.
Udostępniamy information to facilitate copyright owners to manage their intellectual property online.
If user considers that its copyright were by someone, and would like to inform us infringed, in our help center information on how the transmission of notifications, there as well as those google for response to such notification.
Materials user services
Certain services shall enable, transmission, supply, recording, wgrywanie storage, send and receive the content.
User retains all holdings intellectual property rights for these content.
In short, the property user remains.
Wgrywając providing recording, by sending, stocking send or materials for or through services away user google (and her colleagues) grants worldwide licences for exploitation, an important provision, storage,, modifying, transmission, publishing, reproduction of a public presentation and display and the dissemination of such materials, and also for the creation of on the basis of studies (works, for example by a translation of adapting or other changes in order to ensure better side of services).
User under that licence grants rights for a limited to maintaining and upgrading of the services and the promotion of the creation of new.
License will remain in force, even when you will no longer benefit from services (for example registration of a company on google maps added).
Some services may exist how to access placed in their content and to eliminate them.
Also in certain services are conditions or settings, which reduce use by us content sent to scope of these services.
User shall have the necessary rights to provide this licence all material, which shall forward to the services.
Our automated analyse (including e-mail) in the heading to offer personalised services such as search results functions, advertising and spam and malware individual detection.
This analysis we when sending or receiving and recording of content.
Google may in their services, including in advertisements and other materials of a commercial nature, can display the name profile, profile picture and the activities carried out by the owner for of " google " account " google " account or applications other companies combined with a google (such as a click + 1, published opinions and comments) we respect in terms of restrictions providing or settings elections users visibility " google " account.
For example, can be so chosen settings to name and user do not arise in advertising. photo
More information on how to use and storage of content by google can be found in privacy policy and of the conditions of additional associated with specific services.
If user will send a proposal on the services, we can use the opinion or this information without any obligations imposed on him.
Information on software services
If service requires the use of of software or contains download, it may be automatically software on a user-given device when updated will be made available, the new version or function.
Certain services can allow adjustment user settings automatic update.
Google grants user, throughout the world, free personal important, and non-exclusive licences to use software made available nieprzenoszalnej by google as part of the services.
License aims to only to allow use of provided by google user services in a manner allowed under these conditions.
User can't copy, modify, spread, sell or any part of the services or attached software, dzierżawić as well as must not be analysed retroactively any such attempt software or segregation its source code, unless the law forbids the use of this type of restriction or the user is our written permission.
Think highly of open source software.
Some programmes included in may be offered by the licence open source content of which will be made available to the user.
License open source may contain provisions that clearly replace some of these conditions.
Modifying and relief services
Constantly change, and we perfect services.
Can add or remove functions, as well as suspended or completely service. end
User may at any time no longer receive services, we want, however, that this does not happen.
Google may also at any time to stop service user or add or create related new restrictions.
We believe that the user data they belong to him, and that it is important to provide it with access to them.
If deciding on the end of the service, in situations where possible and justified in advance the report about users and collection of information from the service in question. we will also enable them
Guarantees and an indemnity
Services provide using legitimate in terms of trade level of expertise and commitment.
We hope that the use of them will be pleasant.
Nevertheless can not in relation to the services make some promises.
Google and its suppliers and distributors shall not any concrete commitments related to the services, other than those explicitly set out in the terms and conditions of additional.
For example, we do not define any of their obligations in terms of content located in services, specific functions, reliability or availability of services, as well as the possibility of comply with the user's needs.
The service is provided " in such a state as they are. "
In some jurisdictions provided for, for example, the need to give certain guarantees implied warranty commercial value, suitability for any purpose or not harming rights.
To the extent permitted by law excluded all the guarantees.
Responsibility for the service
If it is allowed by law, google and its suppliers and distributors are not responsible for lost income or profits, data, financial losses, indirect damage, specific, secondary or, as well as moral compensation for the damages moral.
To the extent permitted by law overall responsibility google, its suppliers and distributors for answering any claims under these conditions, including for all implicit guarantees and is limited to the amount paid us a warranty by the user for the use of services (or, if we decide to, limited to the provision of services user). of us
In any case, google, its supplier or distributors are not responsible for any loss or injury, which can not be predicted using the justified measures.
We are aware that in some countries the user can have the right as a consumer.
If user makes use of the services for personal purposes, the provisions of these conditions or additional conditions do not restrict any consumer rights, which can not be surrendered under the agreement.
Use of a service in the company
If google services are used for company, this company accept these conditions.
Company undertakes to protect and safeguard company google, its associated entities executives, representatives of workers and against any claims, and actions that arise from the use pozwami of services or breach of these conditions or are associated with them.
This includes protection against any responsibility and expenditure arising as a result of claims, loss, damage lawsuits, judgments, the costs of litigation and fees for legal services.
Information on these conditions
Can modify these conditions and any additional conditions concerning services, for example, to take account of the changes introduced in law or services.
Should be checked regularly these conditions.
Zmodyfikowaniu information on conditions will be published on this side.
Zmodyfikowaniu detail additional conditions will be published in an appropriate service.
Changes are not back and enter into force not earlier than 14 days after publication.
However changes for new functions or services introduced for legal reasons shall enter into force immediately.
If user does not accept the modified conditions services must stop using it.
Where there is a contradiction between these conditions and additional conditions in a particular continue to apply additional conditions.
These conditions describe the relationship between google and the user.
They do not cause rise to any rights the recipient, a third party.
If the user will not comply with these conditions, and we will not be taking appropriate action immediately that does not mean that we waive any our own rights (for example, allowing us to take action in the future).
If that condition can not be enforced, this will not have any impact on other conditions.
Courts in some countries do not apply the state of california in the case of certain types of disputes.
If user lives in one of these countries, then in situations where excluded the possibility of the state of california, disputes related to these conditions shall be governed by the law in a given country. subject
Otherwise user accepts that any dispute, which emerged from these conditions or services, or in connection with them shall be governed by the law of california in the united states, with the exception of conflict-of-law rules in force in that state.
Similarly, if the courts in a particular country does not allow the user to consent to jurisdiction or courts in santa clara, jurisdiction territorial county california in the united states, in case of disputes in the scope of this is local jurisdiction or territorial competence of the user.
Otherwise all claims arising from these conditions or services, or associated with them will be considered only in the federal court or state county santa clara, california in the united states.
User google and agree to personal jurisdiction of these courts.
Information on how to make contact with google can be found at contact.
