Conditions for the use of services GRINDR
Welcome applications on mobile devices (" software ') of a company llc (" Grindr Grindr, " " we " in all Grindr varieties), on or in any grammatical or other mobile network service or applications representing ownership, offered by controlled or present or future Grindr "). (including " services Grindr
For reasons of clarity, all references in this document for the " services " shall take into account " software. " Grindr Grindr
Users accessing services, charge, use, and they are buying Grindr / or them (including or individually " user have all subscribed to " in all its forms shall be or " users ' in all its forms shall be) must comply with the following conditions for the use of services (this " agreement ").
This agreement is a legally binding agreement between the holder and GRINDR.
This agreement must be read carefully before resorting to services GRINDR.
Through access to services, their collection, use, buying GRINDR and / or subscription confirms that read and understand the user of this agreement and agree on compliance with them.
If the user does not consent to this agreement, should immediately discontinue use of services GRINDR.
Paragraph 21 of this agreement contains provisions governing the settlement of disputes between the holder and GRINDR.
Contract arbitration in particular contained in that paragraph, with few exceptions, requires for settling disputes between user and by binding and final arbitration GRINDR unless you resigned from this possibility.
Additionally: (1) the user will be able to seek redress from us only in the individual, excluding class actions; and (2) the user waives the right to investigation legal remedies in court and hold a hearing involving the grand jury.
For more information on the arbitration agreement, the possible effects of the arbitration agreement and the abandonment of the arbitration agreement is set out in paragraph 21.
User living in european union member states, the united kingdom and the selected countries outside the usa should be familiar with special conditions intended for users of international (" "). the special conditions
User living in the countries listed in the special conditions may have additional rights or selected parts of this agreement, for example.
Arbitration agreement may not end. it
Recommended user has its own a copy of this agreement.
User may receive a copy of this agreement by sending a message on the e-mail address: help @, the conditions for the use of services: grindr.com-agreement.
Restrictions on the age and security.
Use of services by adolescents is prohibited.
No person below the eighteenth (18) years of age (or the 21st (21) year of life in areas in which the age of eighteen (18) years is not age) can not directly or indirectly PEŁNOLETNIOŚCI display, be in possession of or otherwise use the services of GRINDR.
User must be a adult in light of the law.
This user declares and guarantees that must now finished eighteen (18) years or more (or twenty-one (21) years in areas in which the age (18) years does not constitute the age of 18) and can legally enter into PEŁNOLETNIOŚCI and follow through the commitments contained in this agreement.
Security.
GRINDR shall not be liable for the use of services by the user or the activities of other users, GRINDR which user shall make available information or contacts.
GRINDR does not work or reliability users. past that
GRINDR should review the information provided by users for their identity, health, fitness or other information.
GRINDR shall not be also responsibility for action or legal consequences use by the user of services in locations where may be included in the sample criminalisation of or restrictions personal contacts.
User must take an informed decision regarding the use of applications in its location and assess any associated potential negative consequences.
Important claim on the data on warning: location.
Services GRINDR are intended for use only as a private individual services using the user's location the possibility.
Services that can not be used as a system for users in emergency situations, or location rely on these services with a view to.
Their services can not be used while driving, service of the vehicles or in connection with any dangerous environment in connection with another requiring reliable action or use, in which the failure or lack of precision of applications or services could lead directly to death, GRINDR injuries or a serious damage or damage to property.
Services GRINDR are not recovering family members, or are not intended for tracing the fleet of any other to commercial or corporate.
Are now available to other products capable of such objectives.
Users international.
Use services outside of the u.s.
Whatever residence user services controls and offers from the company Grindr united states of america, and Grindr use of a service by the user governed by the law of california in the us.
Grindr makes no assurances that services Grindr are suitable for use in other locations or are in accordance with the law in other jurisdictions.
Users deriving access to the services or of them in other locations beneficiary Grindr do it at its own risk and bear the responsibility for the conformity of these actions with local law.
User agrees to transmission and processing of their data in the states of america, and in any other jurisdiction in the world.
For more information on how we gather, we use and we can be found in data our privacy policy.
Special conditions.
Users living in the selected countries, including in the member of the european union and the united kingdom, may have an additional rights or selected parts of this agreement may not relate to them in accordance with the legislation in force in the jurisdiction of the user.
More information is available on the part of the special conditions for the users of international.
English.
In order to improve the quality of services and for the convenience of users can provide translations of this agreement and international Grindr versions of services in the local Grindr.
This agreement is drawn up in english and, in so far as its translations are not compatible with version of english, english version will prevail.
Similarly Grindr, reserves the right to improve translation errors in and similar errors resulting from the availability of the language versions of this agreement and services Grindr.
The account registration and use of accounts by the user.
The account registration.
User formed by account for any service (user account ") and " Grindr providing us with information, is obliged to verify the correctness of such information.
User must immediately inform us of any change of such information.
Accounts are intended only for personal use.
To never use the account of another person.
Without written consent to the user must not buy, sell, Grindr rent or access to its user accounts nor their dzierżawić username.
User will not be made available or provide otherwise user accounts or his credentials.
Security account.
User overall responsibility for the maintenance of confidentiality their passwords and accounts.
User overall responsibility for any action place on his account.
User undertakes immediately of any cases of unauthorised use of its account Grindr or other event of security breaches.
We won't be held responsible for any loss, damage, commitments, expenditure or legal expenses, which the user may incur with use of his password or by another person, even accounts without his knowledge.
We do not have the obligation to keep records of user accounts.
Grindr is not obliged to record-keeping user accounts or any data or information to the user may for convenience store through the accounts and / or services Grindr.
Services Grindr do not serve the storage of the data.
User sole responsibility for the implementation of the backup their data (e.g.
Place recording in a separate contact details of persons through services) known Grindr
Privacy policy.
Collection, use and made available by us of personal data and other information concerning the user is subject to our privacy policy.
User agrees to the collection, storage, use and dissemination of such information in accordance with our policy of privacy.
Modifications services.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right, at its own discretion, to modify, add or suspension of action or any parts of services Grindr at any time, for any reason and without any responsibility towards the user, except in cases provided for in this paragraph 6.
So we reserve the right to modify, add at the same time or suspension action services, if necessary, without informing Grindr in order to comply with the rules, protection or the enforcement of rights or responding to crises or avoid them.
If important changes in services which: (a) reduce the premium of such services available to the user and functionality premium (b) are compulsory (i.e.
Require user software updates to their introduction); user Grindr may close their account within 10 (10) days since the introduction of such change (according to the provisions in paragraph 11.
(2) and reclaim proportionate for unused premium. services advances
So we reserve the right to counting, at any time, fees for access to all services or parts and price changes, Grindr at any time, provided that any changes do not affect service charges for premium, for which the user already paid.
GRINDR ownership and property rights.
Services Grindr are owned and operated by Grindr.
Services Grindr, content, interfaces information, system, video, graphics, computer codes, products, software compilation albums, services, including applications for mobile devices, and all other elements of the services (including " materials ") Grindr are protected by copyright laws for the protection of the united states, graphic design, patents and trademarks, international legislation and conventions and all applicable intellectual property rights and the rights of ownership and applicable law.
All material contained in the services are owned by companies or of its Grindr Grindr subsidiaries, or related and / or external licencjodawców.
All trademarks, signs service and trade names displayed in services are owned by companies or of its Grindr Grindr related and / or external licencjodawców.
Except express authorisation by in this agreement, the user undertakes Grindr do not sell, disseminate, copy, adjusted, a position to license issued publicly nor conducted forwarded publish, edit, materials, set up on the basis of works swiftly derivatives or not to use them.
Guidelines use; the use. no behaviour and use.
Guidelines user profile available at http: / / GRINDR www.grindr.com / / (" the guidelines ') together community-guidelines subsequent amendments are hereby incorporated into the agreement by reference.
Read carefully the with the guidelines before resorting to services Grindr.
We remove content published by the user and to block his account.
Non-treatment Grindr for any reason or because may at any time remove the content of the user or require the user to removal of such content (as defined below).
Any infringement of the guidelines or this agreement by content, as specified by the user may cause blocking of a user account and Grindr suspension of access to user services Grindr.
User understands acknowledges and undertakes to comply with the following conditions on unauthorised actions and uses listed below:
User will not benefit from the services or any information services in many Grindr, so that the plague, persecuting, Grindr ubliżać,, or other users; cheat threaten szaklować prejudice or other users ' rights, or privacy collected, attempt to collect, store or disclosed without permission locations or personal data relating to other users;
User not to publish on its website in services, pornographic or profilowej Grindr derogatory materials; harmful
The user will not benefit from the services for commercial purposes or purposes other than Grindr private, e.g.
For sale or advertising of goods or services.
User will make use of services for private purposes, non-commercial and only Grindr they may be used only in the manner and for the purposes specified by Grindr;
The user will not benefit from the services to the illegal purposes; or supporting Grindr in breach of local, national or international, including provisions relating to offences, illicit substances or controlled intellectual property and other property rights, data protection and privacy and the control of exports and imports;
User will never be posting on its internet materials containing videos, audio, profilowej photographs or images people aged under eighteen (18) years.
For materials containing videos, audio, photos and images of people over the age of eighteen (18) years is required explicit consent of such persons;
Unwanted offers the user will not presented nor will send proposal advertising or mass mail services to other users Grindr.
We are talking about unsolicited information advertising promotional or other unwanted materials, mass commercial news containing a request for advertising message to additional persons, communications, requests to provide gift or the signature, surveys, requests for participation in interviews or tests;
The user will not be for another person or entity, provided false information concerning the links with any other person or entity nor will obtain access to the accounts of other users;
User does not give most sources, the nature or the content of the information provided the light through services Grindr;
The user will not display applications or data on any external display Grindr profilowych or monitor or in any other place public;
User will not be removed, blocking, destroying or interfering in tangled in another way in security services and functions to prevent or limit the use or Grindr copying content accessible through the services or functions restrictive scope for the use of Grindr services; Grindr
The user will not in any way affect services or knowingly use by comfortable Grindr any user, including will not be sent or otherwise disseminated viruses, or other malicious software worms;
User will not be published, storing, send, he nor any information or material, which has a rational person would consider unacceptable minorities, offensive, obscene, scandalous szkalujące pornographic harassment,, embarrassing, worrying, vulgar, threatening the hateful, on grounds of race or offensive or offensive on a different basis against ethnically group or a single person, deliberately confusing, or otherwise false, even if such material or its inadequate dissemination would be compatible with law;
User will not be published, storing, send, he nor any information or material which violate disseminates patents, trade marks, trade secrets, copyright or other rights of any other person;
User does not benefit from services together with products, systems or applications Grindr installed in vehicles or otherwise combined or to vehicles or to other komunikującymi way steering, setting location, expedition, travelling in real time, route determination of fleet management or other similar applications;
User does not benefit from services in connection with the work in an environment of high Grindr risk requiring action or where reliable in compliance with the failure or lack of precision of the applications or services Grindr can lead to death, injury or physical damage or damage to property;
User will not try to gain unauthorised access to services, or any parts thereof, other accounts Grindr, computer systems or networks combined with the services or any part thereof Grindr through attacks, extraction or otherwise hakerskie password nor will influence or tried to affect the correct functioning of services, or to any actions to be implemented in services Grindr Grindr;
User will not be examined, nor he services or any vulnerability skanował system or network; not Grindr will use boots, spiders, or other ways to access the automated scraperów services for any purpose without the express written consent Grindr Grindr; will not be exemption functions or any other means pomijał headers robots preventive or restrictive access to services; will not in any way nor Grindr in any form would services; will not be used or constituted the or any other product of services komunikującego applications allowing for access to the content or information or Grindr other users without written consent; nor will make use of the modified Grindr version, including to obtain services Grindr unauthorised access to services; and Grindr
User shall not affect the possibility of another person in the comfy using services nor will support and encourage Grindr implementing any function in this agreement. prohibited
Services premium; shopping.
Services premium.
Selected service, e.g.
Grindr Xtra or unlimited, may be made available only after Grindr set up a user account and payment of a fee (the " premium ") services
Through such account user can access services premium for a limited period which will be automatically renewed.
Validity accounts, the period of extension, and the total cost of each service will be completed in the premium or in another space reserved for services Grindr present service offers premium.
Premium services are automatically renewed.
Services premium are automatically renewed on a continuous basis at the end of the subscription period and valid renewal fee will be charged automatically in accordance with method payments (plus taxes), without the need for any appropriate action by the user.
User acknowledges and agrees that service is automatically renewed until their premium cancellation by the user or their suspension in accordance with this agreement or by GRINDR expiration of this agreement.
Rules cancellation services premium.
User may refrain from services premium at any time subject to the conditions of this agreement.
To refrain from services premium, according to the instructions should be followed in services. GRINDR
Not NALICZAMY any charges for resignation from services.
Instructions abandonment of services can be obtained by sending e-mail for premium address help @ grindr.com.
Test services premium.
Services premium may occasionally be made available free of charge on Grindr probationary period (" the probationary period " or " premium "). test services
It should be remembered that this agreement covers also any probationary period.
When registering for a trial period user may be obliged to indicate the data credit or debit card.
In this case, the credit card or debit only if the user will be borne by the user not to resign from services before the end of the probationary period.
If we turn to the user to specify the data credit or debit card, and the user not to resign from services before the end of the probationary period, then we can transform the probationary period in paid subscription and charged to credit card or debit user fee at the start of the probationary period. the abonamentową
Test premium services are not accessible to users of the service premium or users who had already benefited from free trial period, and then annulled it before payment of a fee for the services of premium.
Shopping.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to improve errors (by changing the information which is displayed in the services or by informing the user about error and Grindr enabling him to cancellation submitted) or contract at any time and updating of the information without prior notification.
Grindr at their own decides on whether or not the sole discretion of the user of the contract. cancellation
All sales are final.
Codes promotion.
Grindr may occasionally at their own discretion offer codes promotional capable of discounts.
Codes promotion can not be transferred, exchanged for cash or credit or be deducted from previous purchases.
Code can not be traded for cash.
Codes also can not be used together with other promotional offers or rebates.
Codes should be exchanged before the expiry of their period of validity (as far as is given).
Can not be obtained new codes for promotional place lost.
Each client receives one code promotion.
Codes promotion are cancelled, where the law prohibits their application.
Grindr may at any time and at their own discretion to complete or amend offered promotional programmes.
Payments shall not be reimbursed.
Unless expressly provided otherwise in this agreement (including in paragraph 24.
If user is a resident of the united states, and in selected special conditions, if the user selected countries) is a resident of all payments paid to a conclusive and shall not be refunded. Grindr
Cancellations shall take effect from the next, in which the due date falls trading period, unless expressly provided otherwise in this agreement.
Taxes.
Unless otherwise specified in the time of the purchase, no payment for does not include any taxes, fees or Grindr duties imposed by the tax authorities and the user is responsible for the payment of all such taxes, fees or duties.
Mikrotransakcje sometimes user may acquire limited, personal, scope and a licence to an inalienable sub-licences some additional functions to use odwołalną only within the service (collectively referred to as " Mikrotransakcjami ") Grindr.
Grindr reserves the right to charge fees at their own discretion for the right of access to additional functions or use them and / or may distribute additional functions chargeable or not.
Grindr may at any time to manage, regulate, control, modify or delete Mikrotransakcje and / or the additional.
Balance functions additional user account is not a real balance displayed or does not reflect the registered value, but is a measure of the scope of any licence user.
Additional functions are not covered by charges no use, but for the user for license will expire in accordance with the terms of this agreement with Mikrotransakcji when we stop our services or the closure of the provide Grindr liquidation or otherwise user accounts.
Grindr waives any liability against the third party where or any of these rights. Grindr will
The provision of additional functions for use in the service is a service that starts Grindr immediately after the approval of such Mikrotransakcji.
All MIKROTRANSAKCJE realised through services are sunk. and irrevocable GRINDR
User confirms that there is no obligation to refund of any GRINDR reason and that the user does not receive money or other remuneration for unused additional functions after the closure, regardless of whether the accounts it was on a voluntary basis or accidentally.
Use of services by the user.
User acknowledges that access to the selected service can only be obtained by taking a software Grindr Grindr on mobile device.
You can view their content (including records chatrooms) user only after the withdrawal of software and registration of the account. Grindr
GRINDR reserves the right, but there is no obligation, monitoring the use of services by the user, including the registration process GRINDR or sent or received messages, and access to information on the location and the profiles and the use of these other users of information by the user.
GRINDR also reserves the right to (a) block user access to services or the use of them, including GRINDR to information on the location and profiles (b) other users of the closing of the account user for any reason without any notification and obligations relating to the user.
Reimbursements have only in the cases expressly referred to in this agreement.
User overall responsibility for contacts with other users, and for all the content and materials transferred to services Grindr.
User agrees that Grindr will not be held responsible for any loss or damage suffered as a result of such contacts.
Grindr reserves the right, but there is no obligation, monitoring of disputes between the user and other users.
Grindr has no control over content and their profiles user account.
Grindr shall have the right, but is not required to monitor such content for any purpose.
User acknowledges that the sole responsibility for the entire contents and materials transferred to services Grindr.
Refusal benefits and the suspension of services by GRINDR.
User may close down its account at any time and for any reason by carrying out the instruction given at services. Grindr
Following cancellation account this contract shall be terminated with immediate effect, except in the cases provided for in paragraph 25.
4 below.
If user accounts for settlement is set, the user can dispense with cyclic services premium of a user account at any time.
Access accounts will remain unchanged over the trading period or the period for which payment has been paid.
Grindr may be suspended or closed user account on services or access or use by the user with Grindr services or any part thereof if Grindr Grindr considers that the user profile or user behaviour in the content of the services undermines our conditions for the use of services or Grindr user otherwise violated this agreement, or in any other reason, at its own discretion, with the exception of paragraphs 11.
4 and 11.
5 below.
Grindr, may at any time to remove all or part of user accounts or user defined below). (content
User agrees that the closure of access to services or user accounts or part thereof may Grindr take place without prior notification (except in the cases provided for in paragraph 11.
4 below), and the user agrees that it will not be held responsible for such closure of Grindr and reimbursements shall only in the cases expressly referred to in this agreement (including in paragraph 11.
5 below).
Can, for example, because of the longer inactivity de-activate user account.
Without reducing our own rights, then we reserve the right to remove all content with user services after the closure or cancellation of a user account. Grindr
Information about any suspected fraudulent, insulting or unlawful activity that may be based on the user of services block the use may be provided to the relevant law enforcement authorities. Grindr
Such constitute additional measures to which company steps may be entitled under the law of Grindr or equity.
If user paid for service premium, access to the services or Grindr doręczy termination of a user account with at least 30 days Grindr advance, unless the content of the user profile or maintenance service user undermines our conditions for the use of services or Grindr user otherwise breached, in which case this agreement may immediately suspend or exclude access to Grindr services Grindr or user accounts.
If user paid for service premium and the user access to services or Grindr closed user accounts, Grindr will Grindr amount of the fee for unused premium services, proportionate provided that if Grindr access to services or user accounts will close Grindr on grounds of infringement by the user our conditions of use of services Grindr will be entitled to paid for services Grindr withholding quotas.
Where this is required under the law (e.g.
In great britain) stop such amount, which covers only Grindr all costs and other losses as a result of infringements, which may bear Grindr mean that the reimbursement of costs not will have.
User confirmed and agrees that google, apple or other external supplier (as appropriate, depending on the platform from equipment and operating system used by the user) may be registered in the field of transactions involving services. the Grindr
User may require the surrender in such a case costs for which are entitled under this agreement through application app store, google play or other platform (depending on the case).
If the user is convinced that the company suspended or closed his account, wrongly Grindr may contact with us at any time, writing on address help @ grindr.com.
The content of the user.
Services Grindr allow the user and other users to file content and materials (e.g.
Pictures ideas, concept notes or) to creative suggestions and other users (" the content of the user Grindr ") and preservation, production and / or the publication of such content in services and in other user Grindr users.
User sole responsibility for their own content of the user and for consequences arising from the provision or published.
In relation to the content and ensures that the user declares user: (i) owns or has required licenses, rights, and permits the use and authorises Grindr consents to receive all of intellectual property rights and other property rights related to the content, in order to allow the inclusion and the use of user content user as provided for in the services and this agreement; and (ii Grindr) has written permission and / or consent every possible to identify the person mentioned in content to use her name and the name or the user image of so as to enable the inclusion of and use of the content of the user as provided for in this agreement, and services Grindr
For reasons of clarity retains all the ownership rights related to the user content of the user.
User notes that during the use of services Grindr will have access to content from different sources, and the user is not responsible for the accuracy, utility Grindr, security or intellectual property rights associated with such content of the user.
User also takes note of and confirms that may have access to inaccurate, or unacceptable content, user. dirty obscene
Grindr not accept responsibility resulting in connection or resulting from the content of the user.
Grindr does not accept responsibility for active monitoring content in terms of user content. '
If Grindr at any time decide at their own discretion monitor content, the company will not take the user Grindr responsibility for the content of the content of the user, will not be required to amend or delete inappropriate content and will not be held responsible for user behaviour user originating content of the user.
Grindr furthermore not directed and had no control over content content provided by other users user.
Grindr does not provide any guarantee clear or implicit, regarding the content of content user or their accuracy or reliability.
Nevertheless Grindr reserves the right to prevent the user content and to their editing, sharing user or for any reason and limiting the disposal at any time.
Content user are owned by originating them subject to licences for this content user Grindr resulting from the user of this agreement.
The user can not provide, display or duplicate content user except in cases of another person allowed under this agreement.
User this grants and declares that has the right to grant non-exclusive, and unpaid, Grindr irrevocable full licences for reproduction, dissemination, opłaconej world public display and presentation, the development of works and other works and other derivatives incorporation into the use and exploitation of the content of the user (by an unlimited number of), exclusively for the incorporation of the content of the sub-licensing thing user to services and otherwise permitted under Grindr of this agreement.
User renounces the (and will irrevocably) all claims and claims regarding zrzeknięcie moral rights or other rights on by their content of the user.
In addition, in connection with the sale of its assets user this grants or Grindr right to sell or transfer the contents of the user Grindr for a third party.
For more information on the use of collection, or making available information, including the content of the user is the user in the privacy policy. Grindr
Exporter Grindr opinions or suggestions for service users (" ") this shall provide opinions Grindr land register, covering the whole world Grindr irrevocable licence (along with the grant sub-licences) to benefit from such an opinion and related information in a way that Grindr considers appropriate.
Grindr will treat opinions transmitted by the user as a non-confidential and non-proprietary. Grindr
In any case is not obliged to compensate for the user forwarding an opinion Grindr.
User undertakes not to submit any information or ideas which user Grindr is treated as confidential or proprietary or for which is expected to compensation.
Parties, products, services; external link.
Services Grindr may contain links to other websites or services available in advertising or otherwise (" site ") exclusively for external convenience of users.
Grindr wouldn't any of these related parties nor any information, materials, products or services included in the other related sides or sides by other available related parties.
Grindr does not provide any assurances, clear, moreover, or in the information materials, products, implicit or services included in the relevant sides or by not provided.
Access related parties and the use of them, including information, materials, products or services included in the relevant sides or by not provided takes place on the exclusive risk of the user.
Do we have no such external websites and this agreement shall not apply to companies whose Grindr is not the owner or which does not control or the operations of persons who are not employed or operated by Grindr.
User should always check the conditions of use of external websites.
Correspondence or commercial activities carried out by the user, with which contact with its advertising customers has been established in services or through these services or participation in Grindr operation organised by such shall take place only between the holder and the advertisers reklamodawcą.
User agrees that the company will not be held responsible for Grindr any loss or damage suffered as a result of such activities as a result of the presence of such services or advertisers. Grindr
Parties other than Grindr may provide services via the services and sell Grindr.
Not bear responsibility for analysis or assessment of such transactions or composition of the tender to such products or services, and we can't guarantee the availability of any such offers.
Grindr does not accept the responsibility for, activities or products content offered by any such third party.
User should carefully read the personal privacy and other conditions the use of third party.
Connecting user services through the use of external application (" external applications ") user Grindr acknowledges and agrees that may provide the content of the user to external websites Grindr or external application by developed and maintained by such site interfaces api external or external applications.
Grindr has no responsibility for the content of the user of the services to websites transmitted or external application or external Grindr for the use of content in any external or user website external application.
User should refer to the conditions and use personal privacy external websites or external application.
Grindr shall not be liable for functions, content, or other materials available on external or external application or does not promote and not directed functions such content or materials.
Grindr does not work, controls or not, moreover, promote and not directed sites or external external application.
User tending to external websites or external application does it at its own risk and agrees that the use of external websites or takes place on a " external application as it is " (" as-is) without any guarantees provided to the " external websites or and external application this agreement does not apply to the use by the user from any site external or external application.
User acknowledges and agrees that, in providing services, may combine Grindr Grindr user and information on the location for the content of the user accounts in services with external sources of information and external Grindr applications.
In so far as the content of the user contains personal data (as defined in the user privacy policy), transmission of such personal data shall be contained in the privacy policy.
Advertising.
Company Grindr and all its licensee may display and other information located at publicly advertising content of the user.
User is not entitled to compensation for any such advertising.
Way mode and the scope of such advertising may change without notice or commitments to the user. Grindr
License the end user.
Mobile device.
Using software requires a mobile device conforming to the services Grindr Grindr.
Grindr does not guarantee that the services will be compatible with the mobile user. Grindr
User shall bear all the fees paid in connection with the use of services on a mobile, including charges Grindr for text messages, roaming charges and fees for the transmission of data.
Ambiguities for on associated with the provision of services, fees charged, check with your network operator Grindr cellular prior to use the services of Grindr.
Licensing.
With provided that the conditions of this agreement, this grants, the inalienable and user non-exclusive Grindr licence (and) the use of odwołalnej copies code software for a user account skompilowanej on a mobile being Grindr solely owned by the user or by the user to personal and non-commercial use leasingowanym, and (ii) the use of services (other than software) to Grindr personal and non-commercial use by Grindr user defined by, according to the information transmitted periodically public Grindr by Grindr.
Restrictions.
The user can not: (i) adjusted, or have engineering services for retrospective dezasemblować dekompilować, with the exception of the extent to which Grindr, such a restriction is explicitly forbidden by law without the possibility of a contractual; (ii) cancellation,, to borrow, are, wypożyczać dzierżawić to sub-licence, or otherwise provide services to a third party, or use the services of Grindr in order to enable sharing or the provision of temporary Grindr other similar services to third parties; (iii) have a copy of the services; (iv) remove, dodging Grindr, block, destroy or otherwise interfere in the security services, to prevent or limit the use or functions Grindr copying content accessible through the services or in the scope of the use of restrictive functions Grindr services; or (v) to create extensions Grindr, related products or products which may interact with services, unless such a restriction is clearly Grindr prohibited by law without the possibility of contractual withdrawal; or (vi) disposed of copyright information and other proprietary rights held in services Grindr.
Updates.
User acknowledges that can offer updated versions of the services and Grindr Grindr can automatically update the services from which the user uses Grindr version on their mobile device or otherwise.
User authorizes such automatic updates on their mobile device and agrees that all such updates will be subject to the conditions of this agreement.
User agrees that it will not be held responsible before a user, by Grindr any such updates.
Open source.
In so far as services benefit from codes of open source or Grindr codes, which can be used by external actors in the context of such codes of open source or Grindr codes outside bodies are subject to possible licensing agreements authorising their exploitation. eula
None of the provisions of this agreement should not be interpreted as restrictions on the rights arising from the current licence for such end-user of open source software or as giving rights such conditions. replacing
For more information, please contact with us at legal @ (message stating " subject grindr.com open source ").
Proprietary rights.
This licence granted under this agreement is not a sale of services or copies thereof, and the company Grindr, its partners or suppliers retain a whole Grindr rights, titles and associated with the services (shares and all their copies). Grindr
Any attempt to transfer user any rights, or an obligation arising from this agreement is the ineffective, with the exception of cases in which this agreement expressly states otherwise.
Grindr stipulates all rights, which were not expressly granted to the operator under this agreement.
Trademarks, signs and logos service.
Name logos and associated with the services are owned by Grindr Grindr.
The use of these marks is not permitted without prior written approval and authorisation Grindr.
All rights reserved.
The end-users.
Services Grindr are intended for use by individuals, and not the government institutions.
If Grindr agrees to use the services on behalf of the government of the united states, or their representatives Grindr government of the united states will benefit from services without authorisation, then use, duplicating Grindr, modify, production, distribution and presentation, disclosure services (or their parts) by representatives of the Grindr the united states government is subject to the restrictions laid down in this agreement and in the relevant provisions DFARS 227.
7202-1 (a) and 227.
7202-3 (a) (1995), DFARS 252.
227-7013 (c) (1) (ii) oct (1988), 12. far
212 (a) (1995), far 52.
227-19 or far 52.
227-14 (alt (iii).
In other cases, nothing in this agreement or any other provision is not user rights to government services referred to in this agreement are broader than law Grindr.
Export controls.
Services Grindr originate from the united states and be subject to the laws and regulations of the us regulations on exports.
User must not be exported or repeated services to specific countries, export Grindr persons and entities subject to exports from the usa. now we
Grindr may be subject to rules on services, imports and exports in force in other countries.
User undertakes to comply with all the american and foreign provisions relating to the use of services Grindr.
Stores with applications.
User acknowledges and agrees that the availability of services depends on the third party, from which Grindr user services, for example, has been Grindr
Android market or apple app store (every one of them named " shop with "). applications
User acknowledges that this agreement is concluded between user and, and her isn't a shop party Grindr with applications.
In each store, may have different conditions for the use, for applications which user must consent before withdrawing services. Grindr
User undertakes to comply with all the conditions relevant applications and license shop user to use the services depends on the implementation of such conditions. Grindr
An indemnity and there is no guarantee for the user. GRINDR
Selected local and national rules do not allow limiting the guarantee implicit.
Where these provisions apply to the user, some or all of the above claims, exceptions or limitations may not apply and the user can provide additional rights.
For such users lays down limited exceptions in " special conditions for users international. "
Services GRINDR and any software, services or applications in combination with services or made available through them they are transferred, GRINDR as far as possible permitted by law, in the state in which they are located (" as is "), on available, and with all the errors and without any guarantee, the explicit or tacit.
Company GRINDR, its suppliers, related companies and exclude any guarantees, explicit or implicit licensor, including implicit guarantees holding legal title, suitability commercial suitability for any purpose and a lack of infringement of property rights.
Company GRINDR, its suppliers and licensor can not guarantee that functions included in services will act in a continuous and free GRINDR from mistakes that defects or services that will eliminated or server, through which are GRINDR is provided free of viruses or other harmful components.
Company GRINDR, its suppliers and (including the licensor GRINDR licensor shall not grant any guarantee wireless network operators) nor shall assurances on the use or the results of the use of information on the location or other services in the field of GRINDR m.
In.
Their safety, accuracy, integrity or reliability.
User GRINDR (and not or its supplier or licensor) assumes the cost of any services or the equipment required to gain access to services GRINDR.
User acknowledges and agrees that the collection and / or receiving otherwise materials or data via the services takes place at the discretion of the user and the GRINDR its risk.
For GRINDR with responsibility. security and
User undertakes to exempt the company and its related companies, contractors (Grindr, workers representatives, suppliers and) with responsibility for all claims licencjodawców, actions, procedures, loss, costs, damages and other kinds of responsibility, including for the costs of legal services, by a third party arising from, or associated with dochodzonych (a) the use of or the misuse by the user information on the location or other services in general, (b) any tampering by Grindr user rights of another person or entity, (c) any alleged breach of this agreement, or to the user (d) the use by the user services in order to another user or personal meeting Grindr in order to determine the physical location and participate in the event takes place in the real world.
Grindr reserves the right to take, at the expense of the user, independent defence and in the case of any claims before takeover of exclusive control which the user is required to defend, and agree to cooperate with the user Grindr for defending against such claims. Grindr
Such commitment to defend and exemption from liability shall be interpreted in the fullest laws and retains the permitted legal force after the expiry of or the denunciation of this agreement and the use by the user of the services. stop Grindr
GRINDR limitation of liability and compensation for the user.
Selected state, local and national rules do not permit the limitation of liability.
If these provisions apply to the user, some or all of the provisions below may not relate to it.
For such users lays down limited exceptions in " special conditions for users international. "
User acknowledges and agrees that, as far as possible permitted by applicable law, in any circumstances, including negligence, the company at the purpose of this paragraph GRINDR (18 it includes also its affiliates, contractors, workers representatives or external partners or suppliers) will not be held responsible before user for any damage special indirect effects, criminal connected with the expectations in terms of performance of the contract, or associated or resulting from damage follow-up SANKCYJNE: (a) use by the service user; (b) the disclosure of the display, GRINDR or storage by information on the location of the user; (c GRINDR) use or impossibility use by service user; (d) in general services GRINDR GRINDR (including software) or systems providing services GRINDR GRINDR; or (e) any other interaction with GRINDR or any other service user, even if the company GRINDR or an authorized representative GRINDR have been informed of the possibility of such damage GRINDR.
User agrees that the limitation of liability as set out in this paragraph shall remain legal force on termination or expiry of this agreement and, to the extent permitted by law, in the fullest will apply, even if limited a precautionary measure as set out in this agreement will be considered not fulfilling their main destination.
User acknowledges and agrees that, as far as possible permitted by applicable law, in any circumstances, including negligence, the company at the purpose of this paragraph GRINDR (18 it includes also its affiliates, contractors, workers representatives or external partners or suppliers) will not be held responsible before user for any damage special indirect effects, criminal connected with the expectations in terms of performance of the contract, or associated or resulting from damage follow-up SANKCYJNE: (a) use by the service user; (b) the disclosure of the display, GRINDR or storage by information on the location of the user; (c GRINDR) use or impossibility use by service user; (d) in general services GRINDR GRINDR (including software) or systems providing services GRINDR GRINDR; or (e) any other interaction with GRINDR or any other service user, even if the company GRINDR or an authorized representative GRINDR have been informed of the possibility of such damage GRINDR.
User agrees that the limitation of liability as set out in this paragraph shall remain legal force on termination or expiry of this agreement and, to the extent permitted by law, in the fullest will apply, even if limited a precautionary measure as set out in this agreement will be considered not fulfilling their main destination.
In any case, total responsibility company (or its related companies, contractors GRINDR, workers representatives or external suppliers for any damage) LICENCJODAWCÓW, losses and the grounds for claims under or in connection with this agreement or use by the user services (regardless of whether the responsibility GRINDR this is a, (including under contract DELIKTOWY), or other) does not guarantee negligence exceed the amounts paid by the user for access to the services during the twelve (12) months GRINDR prior to the date claims or, depending on the amount of fifty dollars, which of these amounts is higher.
This paragraph 18 is not intended to exclusion responsibility, which can not be excluded under the current legislation GRINDR.
Confirmation benefits of the conclusion of an agreement with GRINDR.
User acknowledges and agrees that the company submitted a bid for services in accordance with the GRINDR GRINDR and include CENNIKIEM this agreement, by relying on objections guarantees and limitations set out above. liability
User also acknowledges and agrees that reservations guarantees and contained in this agreement reflects a reasonable limitation of liability and equitable sharing of risk between the user and that reservations guarantees and limitation of liability and GRINDR contained in this agreement are the main basis for conclusion of the agreement between the user and GRINDR.
GRINDR could not provide services for reasonably economically GRINDR user without such restrictions and reservations.
Waiver of claims.
In fullest law permitted the user, i hereby resign and renounces and indefinitely would alleviate the company (and its managers, employees, Grindr representatives successors in title and) from any past, current and cesjonariuszy future claims, disputes, differences of opinion, demands, the rights, obligations, responsibilities, all kinds of actions and actions (including for causes damage to the health, exhaustion, identity theft, death, loss of emotional or damage to property) which result or directly or indirectly, or are associated wniknęły directly or indirectly from (1) any interaction with other users of the service, their action or omission or with Grindr provided by them content (2) the parties, user or products and third party lines included in the services or by not provided. Grindr
Disputes; consent to arbitration.
User Grindr and that any agreement or which may arise from the mutual relations disputes arising for use by the user services or access to them or date, Grindr interpretation infringement, enforcement or termination of this agreement or otherwise associated with Grindr (including " contentious issues ") will be settled provided for pursuant to the provisions in paragraph 21.
Informal settlement of disputes.
Where there is a dispute user and agree that, before taking a Grindr formal steps will contact us user at legal @ and send us a short written description dispute grindr.com along with their contact details (including e-mail address the user related to account user if the dispute concerns such accounts) and will wait the amount sixty (60) days, during which we will attempt to an amicable settlement to any sticking points with the operator.
Applicable law.
User Grindr agree that any provided for and sticking points subject, without taking into account standards conflict-of-law rules, the united states, including the federal law federal law, and (in terms of an arbitration or limited federal law) rights in the united states, with the exception of california situation explicitly set out in special conditions.
Arbitration.
User Grindr and agree that this agreement and any part of it confirms a transaction, and federal law nature of the trade międzystanowego applies in any situation and regulates the arbitration interpretation and enforcement of the rules of arbitration and arbitration.
Any contentious issues covered by these rules need to be judged on a case-by-case basis by binding arbitration maintained by the american Arbitration association, " aaa ", in accordance with accepted the arbitration consumer (e.g.
Meetings personal or or video conference unless this is tele- appropriate and allowed in order to reduce travel costs).
User Grindr and agree that an arbitrator does not resulting from collective redress nor leads arbitration claims made by individuals or combines, on behalf of individuals.
User Grindr agree that an arbitrator and, rather than any federal, state or local or international court, the agency shall have exclusive competence to deal with disputes related to the interpretation,, or the formulation of this agreement, stosowalnością feasibility, including any claims alleging nullity or the possibility of cancelling all or any part of this agreement, or claims that a defined claim is subject to arbitrage.
User Grindr agree that the judgment and based on decision arbitrator may be issued by any the competent court.
Decision arbitrator to the user or Grindr.
User Grindr agree that in and cases in which the height of the demands of more than 5 000 decision will take into account the findings and conclusions, which are essential arbitrator based on adoption of the decision.
Arbitrator issue decisions concerning the substance claims in accordance with applicable law, having regard to justice, and takes into account the universal principles of all measures to protect the parties considered by the law.
Arbitrator is not bound by earlier decisions in which they participated other users, arbitraży must, however, take into account any decisions concerning the same user to the extent required by the applicable law. Grindr
User Grindr agree that decision and shall be final and binding, and the decision of the arbitrator based on this decision may be issued by any the competent court.
Security claims and the judgment declarative.
With the exception of the provisions of paragraph 21.
6 below, will determine all issues such as liability on the basis of an arbitrator the eligibility of claims brought by the user or may grant the security claims or judgment and Grindr only for the benefit of the declarative claims and only to the extent necessary security seeking to secure the claim from.
In so far as the user is security public (i.e. claims or Grindr
Security claims, whose main purpose is to ban prohibited acts which may be in the future risk of damage), entitlement to such security public claims and its scope must be resolved before a court of competent jurisdiction, and not in aviation by arbitration after the party seeking security claims public first received a favourable sentence in the arbitration proceedings.
The parties agree that the legal proceedings concerning any matter security claims shall be suspended pending the outcome of the public of any individual claims subject to arbitrage. merits
Exceptions to the agreement on arbitration.
In this agreement shall be provided for only two exceptions to arbitration:
First exception: if any party reasonably accepts that the other party in any way infringed or threatened took action of intellectual property rights on the other hand, in violation of the party whose rights have been infringed, it may request a security claims or for interim measures to any of the competent court.
In addition, each party retains the right to seek redress at the
Small claims for civil litigation or claims in terms of properties such courts.
The party responsible for the costs of the arbitration.
User Grindr agree, and that registration fees official and salary will be paid pursuant to the principles of aaa, arbitrator unless this agreement for arbitration provides otherwise.
Future changes in the arbitration agreement.
Subject to any different provisions of this agreement and agree that, if the user Grindr in the future will change this agreement for arbitration Grindr, such an amendment will not apply to the claims for which has already been initiated legal proceedings against the prior to the date of entry into force of such amendments Grindr.
Such an amendment will have, however, apply to any other litigation or claims under the arbitration agreement which resulted, or may arise between the holder and Grindr.
User who does not consent to amended conditions may close their account within thirty (30) days after the publication of such notification, with the result that there will be no associated changed conditions.
Forum for legal disputes.
Unless user and agree otherwise and except Grindr described in paragraph 21.
6.
2 (court of
Civil small claims), if this agreement for arbitration is considered to be against the claim or dispute or a specific nieobowiązującą following a decision of the user of the withdrawal of the arbitration agreement, following a decision or of a judicial, or in the situation of the arbitrator, while you are foreign to which there is no user of this agreement for arbitration, the user's purpose of complying with (as far as legislation does not provide otherwise), that any claim or dispute which arose or may arise between the user and must be settled only by the state Grindr or federal district in los angeles, california.
User Grindr and agree to surrender exclusive choice of partnership, in the courts of los angeles, california, to resolve all claims or disputes.
User may decide not to arbitration.
Users GRINDR may reject new records concerning the arbitration agreement (" waiving '), by sending us e-mail containing such a waiver to address ARBITRATIONOPTOUT @ GRINDR.
Com notification (" ") or to address for correspondence: resignation llc, po box, west Grindr 69176 hollywood, ca 90069.
GRINDR has received a notification of resignation within thirty (30) days from the date of acceptance of the conditions of this agreement.
Current users may send the notification of the abandonment of arbitration GRINDR within thirty (30) days from the date of publication of the new conditions.
Procedure abandonment of arbitration.
To refrain from the referral, the operator must send us by e-mail your name, address (street, town, postal code), address, the e-mail addresses / associated with concerned user account / accounts retirement and valid driving licence user on digital image crude address: arbitrationoptout @ grindr.com.
This procedure is the only way to resign from the arbitration agreement.
If user dispenses with the arbitration agreement, all the other parts of this agreement and the part relating to disputes (including paragraph 19 (acknowledgement of the benefits of conclusion of the agreement with Grindr) and paragraphs from 14 to 18 (14-advertising; 15-license of the end-user; 16-an indemnity; there is no guarantee for the user, 17 Grindr-the security and for with responsibility, and 18-Grindr limitation of liability and compensation user)) will continue to Grindr apply against the.
Resignation from the arbitration agreement does not affect the other or future the arbitration agreement, as the user may conclude agreements with Grindr.
User renounces the selected rights.
By complying with this contract the holder renounces the any rights that may NIEODWOŁANIE have (i) in connection with judicial process (other than in court on.
Civil small claims as outlined above), (ii) to act as representative, as raised by private legal in the public interest or as any other representative or to participate as a member of the group in respect of collective, in any judicial process arbitration or in other proceedings contributed capital against and / or related to third parties, GRINDR even if arbitrage is not required under this agreement, and (iii) in connection with the process.
Limitation of actions of the user.
Whatever legislation, to the contrary, any claims or the grounds for claims under or in connection with the use of website or services or this agreement must be made within one year (1) after the such claims or the grounds for claims to be limitation.
Policy for the notifications and disposal of content.
Grindr respects intellectual property rights and expect the same from users.
Grindr without delay and without close account users who in recognition of the notification shall repeated infringements of those rights. Grindr
User making it, which was repeated infringements of user at least twice notified by about violations and / or which made Grindr content user were at least twice removed from service. (Grindr
It should be noted that, in accordance with paragraph 8.
3 so we reserve the right to the closure of the accounts for single infringement.)
If user owning the copyright or his representative considers that the contents of services infringe held by him copyright, Grindr may then send appointed agent for
Copyright Grindr a notification containing the following information:
Physical or electronic signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of the owner the exclusive right concerned by the alleged infringement of;
Indication works of copyright, which is alleged infringement of or, if in one notification is included several works, which were made available rights of copyright in the relevant services, a list of such division made available in the representative Grindr competent services Grindr;
Indication material concerned alleged infringement of which is the subject or to be removed or blocked infringement and; location of such material sufficient information to Grindr;
Sufficient information to enable contact made with the party making the complaint, Grindr e.g.
Address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address to contact with the party making the complaint;
A statement that the party lodging a complaint is in good faith, that the use of material convinced in the manner described in the complaint is not permitted by the copyright holder, his representative or the right to (e.g. "
I bona fide convinced / s, that the use of content protected by copyright situated in that place is not permitted by the copyright holder, his agent or the right. ");
And
A statement that the information in the notification are precise and to be responsibility for making false declarations that the lodging a complaint is empowered to act on behalf of the owner of the concerned by the alleged infringement of the exclusive right (e.g. "
Declare to be responsibility for making false declarations that the information contained in the notification are accurate and that i own rights copyright or i was / / authorised to act on behalf of the s -łam copyright holder, which may be affected abovementioned. ") all.
User may send a notification of the alleged infringement to the designated agent for
Copyright Grindr to address:
Grindr llc
Attention: copyright agent
P.
O.
Box 69176
West hollywood, ca 90069
Tel. (310) 776-6680
E-mail: help @ grindr.com
For reasons of clarity to the address designated agent for
Copyright Grindr shall only be sent notification referred to in that paragraph.
User acknowledges that notification to the designated agent for
Copyright, shall be valid only once all the requirements of paragraph 22.
Please note that according to paragraph 512 (f) law on copyright, anyone who american deliberately spurious rights by material or information in relation to the infringement action shall be responsible.
Apple app store additional conditions.
The following additional conditions shall apply to the user using the software on apple app store. Grindr of
In insofar as the other conditions of this agreement are less stringent or contrary to the terms of this paragraph 23, shall apply more stringent or against the conditions of this paragraph 23, but only in respect of software collected from service app store: Grindr apple
Confirmation.
Grindr user and take note that this agreement is concluded exclusively between and user, and not the apple and Grindr that the company, not apple, is a purely Grindr responsible for software and its content Grindr.
In insofar as this agreement contains provisions relating to the rules for use of software, which are less stringent than the rules Grindr use provided for under service software Grindr app store apple or contradict them, apply more restrictive conditions or contradictory apple.
Scope of the licence.
License granted to software is limited to the licence from being an unalienable Grindr of software on a being in possession and Grindr ios under control in accordance with rules laid down in the use of the user and conditions service apple app store.
Maintenance and support.
Grindr sole responsibility for the provision of services and service support for software in accordance with this agreement is in force (if Grindr) or in accordance with the requirements of the applicable law.
Grindr and user take note that apple there isn't any service obligation service and support for software Grindr.
Guarantee.
Grindr sole responsibility for all the guarantees for the product (clear or from law) to the implicit in which they have not been effectively excluded.
If Grindr software fails to comply with, you can tell in force referred to a guarantee and apple will pay the purchase price to apple software; and, as the fullest extent authorised Grindr law, apple it will not have any other obligations under this guarantee in respect of the software, and any other claim, the loss Grindr, responsibilities, damage, costs or costs incurred in failure to comply with terms of the guarantee will be the sole responsibility Grindr.
Product claims.
Grindr user and take note that and not apple, responsible Grindr for dealing with any complaints user or any third party relating to the software Grindr or and / or use by the user of the possession of software, including: (i) Grindr claims for the product liability; (ii) any claims relating to the lack of compliance with the applicable legislative or regulatory requirements of software Grindr; and (iii) claims arising from the protection of consumer rights or similar provisions.
This agreement does not limit the responsibility to user outside the scope of time permitted by existing Grindr right.
Intellectual property rights.
Grindr user and take note that in case of claim alleging the infringement of intellectual property rights of third party third party by software or carrying or use by the user software Grindr Grindr, and not, will be borne by apple Grindr sole responsibility for the analysis and meet all claims for infringement of intellectual property rights and the defence against such claims.
Compatibility basis.
User represents and warrants that (i) is not in the country in which the united states government has embargo or which has been found by the government of the united states for supporting the terrorism; and (ii) has not been entered by the government of the united states on any the list of persons subject to prohibitions or restrictions.
Name and address of the software.
Grindr contact details for the transmission end-users, complaints and claims relating to questions software are given in paragraph 25. Grindr
7 below.
Contractual terms and conditions of third party.
During software user shall be required to comply with the applicable conditions Grindr contractual party.
As beneficiary of the rights.
Grindr user and take note of and agree that apple and subsidiaries apple are external arising from this agreement and the beneficiaries of the rights that after the adoption by the conditions of this contract, apple will have the right (and it is considered that this law was adopted) to the enforcement of this agreement from the user as external rights arising therefrom the beneficiary.
Special conditions concerning the right of cancellation.
Follows shall be added to this agreement for users pay subscription living in following the: arizona, connecticut, illinois, iowa, california, north carolina, minnesota, new jersey, new york, ohio, rhode island, wisconsin, or any other state whose law may require notification of rights to cancel: user who purchases, may withdraw from this contract free of penalties and claims, at any time by midnight the third working day referred to in relation to the seller indicated in the contract original following the date of conclusion of the contract, not including sundays and public holidays from your work.
To depart from this agreement, shall be sent by post or provide signed and dated notification or containing the information that a user sent a telegram departs from this agreement or other buyer a wording like sense.
Notification must be sent to the following address:
Grindr llc
P.
O.
Box 69176
West hollywood, ca 90069
Death user before the end of paid-up period is entitled to a subscription curator decline user reimbursement of part of the charge by the user for subscription for a period of consideration given held after the death of the user.
If you become disabled (so as to make use of pay, and that a disability is confirmed on the subscription written by your doctor) before the end of the paid-up is entitled to a return subscription user part of the charge by the user for subscription for a period of consideration given held after the acquisition of disability by sending notification at the address indicated above. Grindr
Miscellaneous.
Separation of surrender terms.
User Grindr agree that and if any of the provisions of this agreement will be considered as unlawful and void or for any reason, then such a provision impossible is considered separable from this agreement and not affect the validity and enforceability of other provisions.
From provisions of this agreement may be departed from only in the form of written record signed by the party with a mandate to reap the benefits of such provisions.
Niezażądanie by any fill the any provision of this agreement does not have any impact on the right of the parties to enforce such a fill in the future.
Surrender investigation rights arising from a breach of any provision of this agreement will not be considered further surrender under investigation rights infringement of the same or any other provisions of this agreement.
Notification.
Grindr may provide user notifications, including on the evolution of this agreement, by mail or by e-mail publishing them on services Grindr.
This user agrees to the use of funds for electronic communications.
Grindr notification in order to provide such notification may send a user mailing address and e-mail address given in paragraph 25.
7 and service will be effective at the time of receipt of the notification.
Prohibition an by the user, by the possibility of an Grindr.
User must not be moved through nor this agreement or any of the rights and licences cedować in it granted.
Grindr, however, may at any time and for any reason, or without restrictions this agreement and contained in scedować its liabilities to a third party.
User hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the case of acquisition of our company, activity or asset by another company that transaction acquisition may take into account the sold or transferred content of the user and agrees to user such transmission without further action or without confirmation.
Provisions applicable after the termination of the agreement.
Following paragraphs shall apply after terminate this agreement or termination of use services or their subscription by the user: 1-3 Grindr, 4.
3, 4.
4, 5 to 7, 9.
6.9.
7, 10, 12 to 14, 15 (with the exception of 15.
2 16-23), and 25.
No external beneficiaries of rights.
Past, present and future related companies Grindr (i.e.
Controlling Grindr company, controlled by, or subject to a common control) are carton Grindr all rights, protection and benefits the Grindr under this agreement, including paragraph 21.
As to the remainder, there is no external rights arising from this agreement beneficiaries.
Headlines, all of the agreement.
Headlines contained in this agreement placed only for convenience user.
Headlines these are not part of this agreement do not restrict or affect its provisions does not in any way.
This agreement contains examples that are not an exhaustive list of examples.
This agreement is the totality of the agreements concluded between a user and in terms of described in her an object Grindr and any amendment to this agreement shall require the agreement of both parties and written form.
Responding, requests users.
Services described in this agreement are offered by the company llc, po box 69176, Grindr west hollywood, ca, usa 90069.
If you have any questions or complaints please write to this address or help @ grindr.com.
People california may contact with a customer service department
Consumer for california, writing on address: 1625 north blvd., market
95834 sacramento, ca or by under number (916) or (800) 952-5210 445-1254.
Special conditions for the users international
The united kingdom.
Users living in the united kingdom, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace against conditions contained in this agreement:
Withdrawal within 14 days.
User has the right to withdraw from the contract for the provision of services premium within fourteen (14) days Grindr without giving any reason.
Period withdrawal shall expire fourteen (14) days after the purchase by service user premium Grindr.
User benefited from free of the probationary period if period for withdrawal shall expire fourteen (14) days after the start of the probationary period.
To benefit from the right of withdrawal from service premium in 14 days (14) the period Grindr to derogate from the services, the operator must send a message to help address which clearly grindr.com @ informs us about his withdrawal.
User may benefit from the model form of withdrawal contained in annex i (b) of the directive on consumer rights.
Immediately send user e-mail with confirmation receipt of the decision of withdrawal.
To meet the deadline of withdrawal, it is sufficient to notice the use of the right to withdraw from the contract before the date of withdrawal.
There is no separate fees for withdrawal, but, except for the provisions of this agreement do not enjoy any reimbursements. user also
User repaid proportionate amount of the fee for the use of services premium for their use. the unused
User will continue to be required to pay a fee for services premium for the period until the service premium received by us decision waiver (excluding user probationary period for which free of charge is not charged any fee) and therefore we will not make reimbursement of the fee for this part of the service premium.
Return we without undue delay, no later than within fourteen (14) the day after day, in which the user informed us of its decision to withdraw from the contract for services premium.
Recovery shall be effected through the same payment methods, which the user used unless you explicitly to the original transaction would allow us to a different method.
Exceptions to the limits of liability.
No provision in this agreement does not prevent or hinder the liability company (or its related companies, Grindr contractors, subcontractors, board of directors, board members, staff representatives, external suppliers or) for the death or injury licencjodawców resulting from our negligence, fraud or fraudulent administration of false information or any other responsibilities, which can not be excluded or limited under the current legislation.
Arbitration inapplicable to the user.
User is of great britain and subject to directive on an inhabitant of the alternative dispute resolution (2013/11 / eu) and the regulation on online dispute resolution (the eu) (and any regulations implementing in 524/2013 eu member states) will not be the arbitration agreement with paragraph 21.
' Will apply and the provisions of paragraph 21.
8 (forum for legal disputes), unless the legal provisions stipulate otherwise.
Read carefully the with paragraph 21.
8.
European platform on online dispute resolution is available once you have selected the following link: the odr platform.
No effect on consumer law.
User as a consumer will benefit from the mandatory standards law of their place of residence.
Nothing in these conditions, including
Paragraph 21, does not affect the user rights as a consumer to rely on the mandatory rules local laws.
Jurisdiction of local courts.
Local law in force in the user can to enable disputes jurisdiction related to this agreement in the courts, irrespective of the provisions of paragraph local 21.
We agreed that all disputes not provisions paragraph 21.
Relied courts held in los angeles, california, united states.
This agreement does not limit such user rights that apply without because of the conditions of the agreements concluded by the user.
The conclusion of this agreement or any other agreement does not mean consent to jurisdiction other than Grindr exposure to courts listed in paragraph 21.
Grindr reserves the right to oppose the exposure to any other jurisdiction of the courts.
The european union.
To users living in the european union, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace against conditions contained in the this agreement.
Withdrawal within 14 days.
User has the right to withdraw from the contract for the provision of services premium within fourteen (14) days Grindr without giving any reason.
Period withdrawal shall expire fourteen (14) days after the purchase by service user premium Grindr.
User benefited from free of the probationary period if period for withdrawal shall expire fourteen (14) days after the start of the probationary period.
To benefit from the right of withdrawal from service premium in 14 days (14) the period Grindr to derogate from the services, the operator must send a message to help address which clearly grindr.com @ informs us about his withdrawal.
User may benefit from the model form of withdrawal contained in annex i (b) of the directive on consumer rights.
Immediately send user e-mail with confirmation receipt of the decision of withdrawal.
To meet the deadline of withdrawal, it is sufficient to notice the use of the right to withdraw from the contract before the date of withdrawal.
There is no separate fees for withdrawal, but, except for the provisions of this agreement do not enjoy any reimbursements. user also
User repaid proportionate amount of the fee for the use of services premium for their use. the unused
User will continue to be required to pay a fee for services premium for the period until the service premium received by us decision waiver (excluding user probationary period for which free of charge is not charged any fee) and therefore we will not make reimbursement of the fee for this part of the service premium.
Return we without undue delay, no later than within fourteen (14) the day after day, in which the user informed us of its decision to withdraw from the contract for services premium.
Recovery shall be effected through the same payment methods, which the user used unless you explicitly to the original transaction would allow us to a different method.
Exceptions to the limits of liability.
No provision in this agreement does not prevent or hinder the liability (or its related companies, Grindr contractors, subcontractors, directors, board members, staff representatives, external suppliers or) to the extent that can not be licencjodawców excluded or limited under the current legislation.
Arbitration inapplicable to the user.
User being an inhabitant of the european union states and subject to the directive on alternative dispute resolution (2013/11 / eu) and the regulation on online dispute resolution (the eu) (and any regulations implementing in 524/2013 eu member states) will not be subject to the arbitration agreement with paragraph 21.
' Will apply and the provisions of paragraph 21.
8 (forum for legal disputes), unless the legal provisions stipulate otherwise.
Read carefully the with paragraph 21.
8.
European platform on online dispute resolution is available once you have selected the following link: the odr platform.
No effect on consumer law.
User as a consumer will benefit from the mandatory standards law of their place of residence.
Nothing in these conditions, including
Paragraph 21, does not affect the user rights as a consumer to rely on the mandatory rules local laws.
Jurisdiction of local courts.
Local law in force in the user can to enable disputes jurisdiction related to this agreement in the courts, irrespective of the provisions of paragraph local 21.
We agreed that all disputes not provisions paragraph 21.
Relied courts held in los angeles, california, united states.
This agreement does not limit such user rights that apply without because of the conditions of the agreements concluded by the user.
The conclusion of this agreement or any other agreement does not mean consent to jurisdiction other than Grindr exposure to courts listed in paragraph 21.
Grindr reserves the right to oppose the exposure to any other jurisdiction of the courts.
Spain.
Above existing inhabitants in addition to the eu member states and replacing against conditions contained in the this agreement to users living in spain, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions:
Language.
Version of this agreement in spanish is paramount.
Change.
Grindr informs the user of any significant changes in services and / or guidelines and any changes to these conditions.
Renewal of the subscription.
Before load credit or debit card user in advance of the user (directly or notify Grindr by shop applications) of the date of service and of subscription to renew your subscription premium test.
Moral rights.
Scedować or can not waive the moral rights user to the content of the user.
Portugal.
Above existing inhabitants in addition to the eu member states and replacing the conditions set out in this agreement, contrary to users of living in portugal, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions:
Language.
Version of this agreement in portuguese is paramount.
Change.
Grindr informs the user of any significant changes in services and / or guidelines and any changes to these conditions.
Renewal of the subscription.
Before load credit or debit card user in advance of the user (directly or notify Grindr by shop applications) of the date of service and of subscription to renew your subscription premium test.
Moral rights.
Scedować or can not waive the moral rights user to the content of the user.
Germany.
To users living in germany, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace contradictory conditions contained in this agreement:
Consent to delete data.
User understands that by using the service user agrees to the removal of their data Grindr (e.g.
Records chatrooms) immediately after their transmission to other users.
Limitation of liability.
The following provisions shall apply in place of conflicting or phrases in the conditions: inconsistent
Ausschließlich wir sind wie folgt haftbar: wir gemäß den bestimmungen (and haften unbeschränkt gesetzlichen) für Schäden die aus der von leben, körper oder Verletzung; (ii) bei Vorsatz gesundheit entstehen; (iii); (iv) und bei grober Fahrlässigkeit gemäß dem Produkthaftungsgesetz.
Vorstehende einschränkt ohne dass dies das wir für haften leichte nur im falle der einer " Fahrlässigkeit Verletzung " aus diesem vertrag. " wesentlichen Pflicht
Wesentliche pflichten " in diesem sinne sind, die pflichten für die erfüllung des vertrags sind nötig, die in frage des deren Verletzung Erreichung Vertragszwecks würde, auf deren stellen und daher einhaltung du regelmäßig vertrauen darfst.
Fällen beschränkt auf die haftung ist in diesen vertragstypische und; in sonstigen fällen vorhersehbare Schäden besteht für keine haftung leichte Fahrlässigkeit.
Soweit die haftung von Grindr nach den vorstehenden vorschriften ausgeschlossen beschränkt ist, oder dies gilt auch für die haftung von Grindr für seine gesetzlichen, mitarbeiter und Erfüllungsgehilfen Vertreter.
Diese Haftungsbegrenzungen bleibt über das ende des Vertragsverhältnisses mit dir und sowie über die dauer Grindr nutzung der services wirksam. deiner Grindr hinaus
The increase in prices.
Notwithstanding paragraph 6, we will raise prices and change service only to the extent permitted by german law.
No compensation.
(17) shall not apply to the user.
Closure of the accounts.
Grindr user account only if the user can close this agreement or provisions of the law. break
For closing of the account shall refund of fees under german law Grindr.
Recovery shall be effected through the same payment methods, which the user used unless you explicitly to the original transaction would allow us to a different method.
Moral rights.
Scedować or can not waive the moral rights user to the content of the user.
Canada.
To users living in canada, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace contradictory conditions contained in this agreement:
Settlement of disputes.
(3-21.
7 (arbitration) and / or 21.
11 surrender (right to class actions will not apply to) user if such provisions are not feasible in the province of, in which he lives a user.
In all such cases, paragraph 21.
8 will continue to apply.
The right of cancellation.
People selected may be entitled to withdraw from the province, under current legislation topical. premium services
Grindr should recognise such right of cancellation.
Australia.
To users living in australia, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace contradictory conditions contained in this agreement:
Transfer of personal data to other countries.
Consenting to the transmission and treatment of their data in the united states and in other jurisdictions in the world, user acknowledges that other jurisdictions (including the usa) may not offer of privacy identical with the measures foreseen in the privacy act of 1988 (
Acth).
User may not have a law against, because the principle of privacy or australian Grindr 8.
1 16c (or the privacy act will not apply.
Engineering throwback.
Restriction dezasemblacji, or engineering, relating to the modification dekompilacji services to the laws as provided for in the user backward Grindr part iii, chapter 4a (action of copyright infringements in the programmes of computer) that are not of the copyright of 1968 (
Acth).
Guarantees consumer.
Responsibility Grindr for non-compliance with conditions of the existing consumer assurance resulting from parts of chapter 1 of the australian consumer law is limited 3-2:
For goods supplied to the user: the exchange of goods or provision of supplies of replacement (or refund for exchange or replacement) or repair of those goods (or return); and cost recovery
For services provided to the user: of providing those services or reimbursement of the cost of providing those services.
Argentina.
Users living in argentina, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace against conditions contained in this agreement:
Withdrawal from the contract during the period of 10 days.
User has the right to withdraw from service premium within ten (10) days Grindr without giving any reason.
Period withdrawal from the contract expires after 10 (10) days after the purchase by the service user premium Grindr.
User benefited from free if probationary period, the withdrawal period expires after 10 (10) days after the start of the probationary period.
To benefit from the right of withdrawal from service premium within (10) the beginning of the 10-day Grindr to derogate from the services, the operator must send a message to help address which clearly grindr.com @ informs us about his withdrawal.
Immediately send user e-mail with confirmation receipt of the decision of withdrawal.
To meet the deadline of withdrawal, it is sufficient to notice the use of the right to withdraw from the contract before the date of withdrawal.
There is no separate fees for withdrawal, but, except for the provisions of this agreement do not enjoy any reimbursements. user also
User repaid proportionate amount of the fee for the use of services premium for their use. the unused
User will continue to be required to pay a fee for services premium for the period until the service premium received by us decision waiver (excluding user probationary period for which free of charge is not charged any fee) and therefore we will not make reimbursement of the fee for this part of the service premium.
We return without undue delay.
Recovery shall be effected through the same payment methods, which the user used unless you explicitly to the original transaction would allow us to a different method.
Policy for the notifications and disposal of content.
To users who are the people shall not apply for the notifications and argentina policy content contained in paragraph 22 disposal.
If the user is convinced that any content made available in services user and could be considered as Grindr mind clearly illegal, the user can send the notification to, indicating the content and providing such Grindr documents supporting its identity and a description of the injury suffered as a result of such content.
Grindr will claim and, if indicated material is considered to be clearly unlawful (e.g.
Child pornography, data to allow the offences, mention of criminal or racist), then joins the disposal content. Grindr
Any other content, which could have caused injury, but which can not be considered manifestly unlawful will not be subject to a disposal pursued by unless you will deliver a judicial order Grindr removal of such content.
All communications related to such a procedure should be sent to the address legal @ grindr.com.
Brazil.
To users living in brazil, to the extent required the applicable law shall apply the following provisions, which replace contradictory conditions contained in this agreement:
The right to withdraw.
User has the right to withdraw from service within seven (7) Grindr calendar days without giving any reason.
Period withdrawal shall expire seven (7) calendar days after the purchase by service user premium Grindr.
To benefit from the right of withdrawal from service during the seven-day period (7) Grindr to derogate from the services, the operator must send a message to the address legal, which clearly @ grindr.com informs us about his withdrawal.
Immediately send user e-mail with confirmation receipt of the decision of withdrawal.
To meet the deadline of withdrawal, it is sufficient to notice the use of the right to withdraw from the contract before the date of withdrawal.
We return any amounts paid by the user.
We return without undue delay and as soon as possible after the date on which the user told us of his decision to withdraw.
Recovery shall be effected through the same payment methods, which the user used unless you explicitly to the original transaction would allow us to a different method.
Arbitration shall not apply to the user.
Any disputes arising from this agreement will be settled by the court competent for the place of residence of the user.
Notification content which sensitive or private.
Non-authorised disclosure in the case of, video and photos images or any other material user representing sexual content and / or private nakedness, will take all necessary steps, in terms of Grindr applicable to our technical services to which such content in a sound manner and as soon as possible, provided that the user will tell us of major infringement exactly identifying material not authorised.
Also if the user comes in contact with, or all, nieprzyzwoitą nieprawdziwą obraźliwą other users, may inform us unpleasant to this effect, allowing us to possible to carry out actions in order to rectify this.
Apply brazilian law.
User Grindr agree that the right of brazil and will also apply to this agreement, and in particular to the rights to privacy, personal data protection, the confidentiality of private talks and newspapers.
User Grindr and undertake to comply with all the relevant provisions of the brazilian law.
Record-keeping user accounts.
In accordance with applicable law brazilian we store in a confidential manner, in a controlled journals applications and safe environment for six (6) months from the date of subscription to the user.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to the disclosure of the newspapers and / or other documentation applications, including private discussions, account in order to proceedings under by a court order.
Evolution of the penalties.
If Grindr at any time decide ordered fee part or all services Grindr user, on a screen mobile device user will be displayed (i) an appropriate communication enabling the user to services and charged for fees, in which case the user will be obliged to indicate the credit card details; or (ii) the rejection of the relevant services continue to use part of the service free of charge. Grindr
The limitation of liability.
Provisions relating to the restriction liability provided for in this agreement may, in principle, not apply to the user, since the payment of compensation is the principle of public order in brazil.
User Grindr and are aware that the brazilian law does not provide for compensation for damage, and only with the actual losses and indirect loss of earnings caused directly and immediately by such damage.
Limitation of actions of the user.
Provisions of this agreement associated with claims may not apply to the user przedawnieniem where appropriate brazilian legislation provides another or defined period of limitation of claims.
In such cases, the user will be referred to a limitation period provided for in the applicable law brazilian.
Amendment to this agreement.
So we reserve the right to change at any time, for any reason and by sole discretion, any provisions contained in this agreement irrespective of the prior permission from the user.
User shall be informed of such amendments.
Entry into force: 1 april 2020.
Or on the adoption by the user.
