Effective since of
11 august 2020.
Mission linkedin is with each other around the world in contacting the professionals to enable them to achieve greater efficiency and success.
Our services are aimed at broadening of economic opportunities, members by making millions, exchange of ideas, training, meetings of experts of the transaction, find employment or staff and decision-making within the network of trusted contacts.
Table of contents:
Introduction
User obligations
Rights and restrictions
Exclusion and the limitation of liability
Solution
Applicable law and the settlement of disputes
General conditions
Rules linkedin, " what can and can not be done '
Complaints concerning the content
Contact with us
1.
Introduction
1.
1 agreement
Using linkedin, the user can agree to all these conditions.
Use user of our services is subject to the use of files and the protection of privacy, which cookie policy describes the method to the collection, use, making available and storage of personal data of the user.
Clicking " now, " " buttons attach attach to, " " register " or linkedin by similar in our services, and access and using our services (described below), the user agrees to the conclusion of a legally binding agreement with linkedin (even if exercise by the user of services on behalf of the company).
If user does not agree to the terms of this agreement (the " agreement " or " the user '), should not click on " join now " (or similar) nor to visit our services or otherwise site benefit from them.
User may at any time to resolve this agreement by the closure of the accounts and ending the use of our services and to obtain access to them.
Services
Site Linkedin.com, this agreement covers applications linkedin, bearing brand and other related to learning platform linkedin, applications, communications and other websites linkedin services, which shall include a statement that is offered under the present agreement (" services '), together with the data collection to visit other than as part of these websites linkedin services, which includes our advertising and plugins " on " and " share the Aplikuj linkedin. " linkedin
Registered users of our services is " members ', and this " visitors. " unregistered users
Linkedin
User contains this agreement with a company (which also has adopted various forms, linkedin " we " or " us " zaimków).
The term " countries ' concerns countries belonging to the designated the european union (eu), the european economic area (eea) and switzerland.
If user lives in one of the " designated countries ', this agreement contains linkedin ireland company (" ireland ") unlimited linkedin.
Linkedin ireland will administrator users ' personal data supplied, handled or collected by or for the purpose of our services.
If user lives out " designated ', contains this agreement on linkedin countries corporation (" corp. ') linkedin.
Linkedin corp.
Will administrator users ' personal data supplied, handled or collected by or for the purpose of our services.
This agreement applies to both members and visitors.
Exploitation and making available personal data visitors or members is subject to this policy the protection of privacy (including rules the use of files and any other documents to which cookie refers this policy privacy) and updated.
1.
2 members and visitors
When the user shall be recorded and starts to use the facilities, becomes a member. linkedin
If the user will not registration in our services, may benefit from some of the functions as " visitors. "
1.
Amendment 3
We can make changes in this agreement.
Can at any time to make changes in this agreement, our privacy policy and our principles for the use of files cookie.
If we introduce significant changes you will be informed of this by our services or by other means, to be able to read with amendments, before they start to have effect.
We acknowledge that changes would not have retroactive effect.
In case of objections to any changes the user may close down its account.
Further using our services at publication or sending to the user notification of change of these conditions is giving assent to the updated from the date of entry into force of the conditions.
2.
User obligations
2.
1 entitlement to services
Below are obligations arising from this agreement user:
User is entitled to conclude this agreement and has reached at least required by us " minimum age. "
Services are not intended to be used for people under the age of 16.
In order to benefit from the services, the operator must meet the following criteria and ensure that: (1) reached " minimum age ' (as defined below) or is old; (2) will have only a single account founded on his real name linkedin and (3) currently not subject to restrictions of access to services linkedin.
Account creation through false data constitutes a violation of our conditions.
This also applies to accounts registered on behalf of other persons or persons below the age of 16.
" Minimum age ' means the 16 years.
However if appropriate requires that the user graduated from right over to lawfully benefit from offered by services without the consent of parents (including linkedin use of personal data user), then the " minimum age ' is required by this right of the number of years.
2.
2 user account
User will keep your password in a way that ensures confidentiality.
The user will not his account to another, and it will follow made available our rules and laws.
Members are the owners of accounts.
User undertakes: (1) used strong and store them in the manner to ensure confidentiality password; (2) do not give to others any part of its accounts (e.g.
Contacts) and (3) to uphold the law and of our list of " what can and can not be done ' and policy community experts.
User is responsible for all the situations relating to its account, unless the closed the account or reported fraud.
As regards the relationship between the operator and third parties (including the employer user) user account belongs to him.
However if the service has been purchased for the user by a third party (e.g.
License Recruiter purchased by the employer), a party for this service user płacąca access to, or receive has the right to control reports using this; however, pay-tv services by the user third party does not have the rights to personal user accounts.
2.
3 payments
User undertakes to comply with payment obligations and accepts storage by us information payment.
User acknowledges that may occur charges and taxes, which will be added to our prices.
Returns are subject to our principles.
Buying our any service (" services "), the premium payable user agrees to pay a fee and related taxes and with the prescribed conditions for existing services paid for.
Nieuiszczenie these charges will lead to the exclusion of services paid for the user.
User also agrees that:
Depending on the location transactions, the transaction concluded by the user may be subject to handling associated with exchanging currencies or difference in price (e.g.
Caused by exchange rate).
Can store and continue settlement using the method chosen payments (e.g.
Credit card), also when its expiry date, in order to avoid has elapsed breaks in the provision of services and in order to allow the charges for other services which may buy a user.
If user subscription, it will automatically using charged to buy the method chosen payments for the beginning of each period of subscription fees and taxes due for the period.
In order to avoid future charges to cancel the subscription before its date of renewal.
More information about how to cancel or suspend their services premium.
All purchases of services are subject to the reimbursement of linkedin.
Charges tax on the basis of information we can calculate settlement given to us by the user at home.
User may receive a copy of an invoice by settings account in part " history. " purchases linkedin
2.
4 notification messages
User agrees to by us notifications and messages through our website, applications and contact information.
If contact information are out of date, user may not be relevant notification of the user.
User agrees to our notifications and messages: (1) in services or (2) on user-defined contact (e.g.
Mail e-mail, mobile phone or mail traditional).
User undertakes to their timeliness. contact information
User should look at the settings to their to control and restrict types of messages received from us.
2.
5 release
During sharing of information by the user in our services other people can see this information and copy it and to use them.
Our services allow sending messages and provision of information in many ways, e.g.
Using profile, articles, publication in groups, links to articles of messages, publishing zamieszczaniu job offers, sending messages and messages Inmail.
Information dialogues and or published by the user can be seen by other members, visitors or other persons (also outside services).
In places where we are, we are committed to modify the settings, which the user, for respect the choice of one who can display the content of the information or the user (e.g.
Heading messages sent to recipients available content only linkedin, limiting the search contacts visibility or removing the notification of updates other internet user profile).
In case of actions of placement, not by default information on this user or contacts we show publicly.
So if you for a job by our services or applied to offer to work, default interest signals that information only offer work. we've been revealing publikującemu
We are not obliged to publication of information or content in our service, and we can remove them for notification, or without notification.
3.
Rights and restrictions
3.
1 licence granted linkedin
User owns the content, opinions and personal data sent to linkedin and at the same time grants to them. linkedin non-exclusive licence
Our commitment is to respect the choice made by the user for people who can see information and content, including the use of user of those data in advertising.
Jsli about the legal relationship between the operator and linkedin, content and information to be provided or published in services are owned by user, which grants and our following non-exclusive licence: linkedin to
Applicable worldwide, be subject to the right to use liable to zbywalnego podlicencjonowaniu, copying, modification, dissemination, publication and information processing and content provided by the user using services and services of third parties without additional approval, notification or remuneration to the user or others.
These rights shall be subject to the following restrictions:
User may revoke the licence to a specific content by taking it with services, and overall by the closure of (a) with the exception of accounts provided by the user to other users in the content services, who, once again made available or motor these content skopiowali and (b) the relevant time needed to remove the content of the backup and other systems.
Posting content will not in advertising of products and services user third parties addressed to other, without a separate (including the content sponsored user consent).
Nevertheless linkedin has the right to publish advertising next to the content and particulars to appear by the user without remuneration for this user or of other persons, and the shares shall be visible to other social user, and used in advertising, in accordance with what is stated in the protection of privacy policy.
If user makes use of the function, we can mention this our services, using its name or image to promote this role in the framework of our services-in accordance with the settings of the user.
If we will give to third parties the right to publish the user services, we're going beyond the content of the consent of the user.
But if you want to allow their content ', " a function which allows udostępnimy publicly other members of the add that public services of third parties. in the
We also make this possible to search the content of the internet wyszukiwarkom by those services.
For more information
Can edit user and amend content (e.g. format
Explain prescribe them or modify volume, and the type of file system or remove), but we will not change the importance of the metadata of speech.
Because content and particulars are its own property, and by the user has only right to them, linkedin non-exclusive user may decide to making it another, including in terms of the creative commons.
User linkedin and agree that contains personal data, it has to be if the content of the protection of privacy policy.
User linkedin and express their consent to our access to information (including personal data to appear by the user) and their storage, processing and use them in accordance with the privacy policy and preferences user (including settings).
Providing suggestions and other opinions on us agrees to use our services, the user and made available by such opinions (however, without such an obligation linkedin) for any purpose and without remuneration for the user.
User undertakes to us only information and content, to which shall have the right, and ensures that share its linkedin profile will be real.
User agrees to provide only such information to the content and are without prejudice to rights or other persons (e.g.
Intellectual property rights).
User ensures that the information included in its profile will be real.
Removing some content or information by may be required by a law in some linkedin countries.
3.
2 the services
Can change or terminate service, as well as to change prices.
Can modified, suspended or discontinued the provision of our services.
So we reserve the right to also changes to the existing to the extent permitted by law, price behaviour a reasonable period of notice.
Not promises in the storage or continuous we displaying information and content published by the user.
Linkedin does not provide data storage services.
User agrees that the site is not required for the storage, maintaining linkedin or supply and a copy of the information provided by the user or other persons except to the extent provided for by the applicable law and our policy of the protection of privacy.
3.
3 other content, refrigerated show-cases and applications
User makes use of the content and the information published in our services by other persons at their own risk.
Others may offer their own products and services through our services, but we are not responsible for the activities of those third parties.
Using services, the user can hit on the content and information, which may be inaccurate, incomplete, outdated misleading, offensive or otherwise illegal, harmful.
Generally not content to appear by our members or other we are looking into people.
User confirms that linkedin is not responsible for content or information of other persons (also other members).
We can't always to prevent abuse of our services and the user confirms that we are not responsible for this kind of abuse.
User acknowledges the existence of a risk that the operator or his organisation may be on the content of other persons, mistakenly skojarzeni when contacts and that person is notified obserwujące operator or his organisation have been mentioned in the news.
Members can make choices on action of this function.
Linkedin can help members offering services (coaching career, their own accounts, etc.)
Contact members of the service. those who seek
Linkedin shall not those services or not recruit persons to implement them.
In order to offer, exercise or receive these services, the operator must have completed 18 years.
User notes that this is not, not oversees linkedin controls nor in the performance of services. monitors members
User also confirms that (1) shall not be liable for the way they offer, linkedin exercise or receive these services, (2) is not recommended any services offered by linkedin members and that (3) between linkedin and not in any way members of employment, the ratio of the agency or a joint venture.
Members offering services declare and ensuring that they have all the required licences and will provide services in accordance with the policy community experts.
Similarly can help to the user in registration or linkedin participation in events organised by the members and further contact with other members, who take part in such events.
User confirms that (1), the company is not responsible for the actions of members or linkedin other participants in these events, (2) is not recommended any events listed in our linkedin services (3) linkedin nor doesn't get any of these events and verifies that (4) user will adhere to these principles and conditions which relate to these events.
3.
4 restrictions
Limited contacts and we have the right way user interaction in our services.
Linkedin reserves the right to restrict the use of services by the user, including the number of contacts and the possibility of networking with other nawiązywanych members.
Linkedin reserves the right to limitation, suspension or closure of the accounts if the user is in breach of this agreement, or the right or has recourse to improperly (e.g.
In breach of the principle of ' what can and can not be done ' or policy community specialists).
3.
5 intellectual property rights
Udostępniamy user notification of our intellectual property rights.
Linkedin reserves any intellectual property rights to services.
Trademarks and logo used within the framework of their respective owners are marks.
Logo linkedin, " in " and other marks linkedin, services, graphics and logo used signs in conjunction with our services are trade marks or registered trademarks linkedin.
3.
6 automatic processing
Use user information to send their suggestions and other user.
Using information supplied by the user, and data on members to send the recommendations for contacts, content and functions, which may be useful to the user.
, For example, we use user details for to recommend him job offers or recommend him rekruterom.
Keeping accurate and up-to-date helps to provide more and better matched profiles recommendations.
4.
Exclusion and the limitation of liability
4.
1 the lack of guarantees
Below our responsibility for the exclusion of quality, safety and reliability of our services.
Linkedin and its entities shall not any statements or guarantees concerning services, including do not ensure that the service provided will function smoothly or without errors, and shall provide services (including the content and information) on the principles of " as is " and " as is available. "
Fully, in accordance with applicable law, linkedin and its entities or guarantees, exclude any implicit guarantees including any implicit guarantees ownership, accuracy of the data, rights, trade and suitability for the suitability of the inviolability of any purpose.
4.
2 disclaimer
Liability to the is limited to below.
Fully allowed by the law (and as far as the company has not concluded a specific written agreement repealing linkedin this agreement) and its linkedin shall not be liable for entities that agreement for loss of earnings, lost business opportunities, loss of reputation (e.g.
Offensive SZKALUJĄCE statements), loss of data or (e.g.
Breaks or loss, use or modify the information and content) or other user indirect damage, accidental, secondary, special or punitive damages.
Under this agreement, and it will not have to entities linkedin user commitments amounting to eur which exceeds (a) the sum of the charges paid or payable by the user for services provided over the period linkedin of this agreement, if any, or (b) 1000 usd.
4.
3 the conclusion of the agreement; exceptions
The limitation of liability in article
4.
This agreement is part of the basis of an agreement between a user and and concerns all claims for the liability linkedin (which may serve as the basis for, for example
Delikt guarantee, negligence, contract or law), even if linkedin or its were informed of the possibility to bear such entities stowaryzszone injury, and even when this remedial measures do not comply with the intended purpose.
This limitation of liability does not apply to the responsibility for death, damage to health, fraud, serious negligence or wilful and cases in which the blame negligence-such that make up the violation of fundamental obligations conditions necessary to provide for us services and on which the reader could to a reasonable degree, but rely only in so far as these damage was directly caused by violation and were foreseeable at the time of the conclusion of this agreement, and in so far as these are typical in the context of this agreement. negligence
5.
Solution
Each party may terminate this agreement with a certain rights and obligations will remain in force.
Both linkedin, as well as the user may terminate this agreement at any time by notification to the other side.
After termination of the user is the right of access and the right to benefit from the services.
The following entries shall remain in force after termination of the:
Our right to use and publication of opinions delivered by the user;
Law members and visitors to further of sharing content and information made available by the user using services;
Article
4, 6 and 8.
2 of this agreement;
Any amount that parties owe before the termination of the contract still they become payable following its solution.
The user can use the aid to close the account.
6.
Applicable law and the settlement of disputes
In unlikely event of a dispute between the legal and we agree to its decision linkedin user in court of california (under the law of california) or in court in dublin, ireland (on the basis of irish law).
This part does not prevent the user any consumer rights in the country in which existing provide services to the user, who is a place of residence of the user.
If user lives in the designated countries: user and consent that disputes ireland linkedin related to this agreement or services are subject to solely by the law applied in ireland, with the exception of conflict-of-law rules.
User linkedin, and that any such claims ireland consent may be handled only in dublin, ireland, as well as agree to a personal based in dublin, ireland jurisdiction of the courts.
For all other persons outside the demarcated countries, including the ones who live outside the united states: user consent that disputes and linkedin related to this agreement or services are subject to solely by the law in the united states with the exception of the state of california in him conflict-of-law rules.
Linkedin agree that any user and such disputes or claims were handled only by the courts of state or federal in santa clara, california county in the united states, as well as agree to personal jurisdiction of those courts.
7.
General conditions
Important guidance on this agreement.
If the court competent for agreement considers any part of it unenforceable, user and express for the introduction by the court changes linkedin zglodę to its conditions, so that this part of the became enforceable while maintaining its intended purpose.
If court can not do so, the user and agree to address a request to the court to linkedin removal of part of the agreement and enforce the implementation of the remaining part of niewykonalnej agreement.
This agreement (together with any additional provisions that apply in the case of use by the user of the function of the services) is the only agreement concluded between the holder and on services and replaces the any prior agreement linkedin concerning them.
Lack of action taken by the us for breach of contract does not mean that renounces the rights to enforce its. linkedin
Cedować dispose of this agreement, or the user can not (or membership, nor the use of services) on behalf of another person without our consent.
But user agrees to this agreement by for its cedowanie linkedin associates or the person who will its acquisition, without the consent of the user.
No third party is not the beneficiary of this agreement.
User agrees that the only way to provide us with a legal information is sending them to the address given in article
10.
8.
Rules linkedin, " what can and can not be done '
8.
What can 1
Linkedin is a community specialists.
The principle of ' what can and can not be done ' and policy communities to define which behaviour in our services specialists are allowed, and which allowed.
User undertakes:
Observe all legislation, inter alia, and without a rights on protection of privacy, intellectual property rights, rules, on the export control, rights antyspamowych tax legislation and legal requirements;
Provide us with accurate information and update them;
Use his real name and name; and
Use the services of professionally.
8.
2 can not be done
User undertakes that it shall not:
Use false identity on linkedin, given false identity, create profile member for persons other than the user (a real person) or benefit or try to benefit from the accounts of others;
Developed support or benefit from software, hardware, scripts, or other means, or robots processes (including robots, additives or plugins to browsers and indeksujących other technologies) in order to capture data from services or in any other way will not copy profiles or other data from services;
Celebrate functions security services, any control mechanisms access or limits use bypassing of services (e.g.
Restrictions search by key words or display profiles);
Copy use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from service, directly or through a third party (such as search engines) without the explicit consent linkedin;
Disclose information without a consent to disclose them (such as confidential information of other persons, including employers ');
Affect intellectual property rights other persons, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, business secrets or other property rights.
, For example, copy or distribute (outside) publication or other available function for the provision of other people without their licence, whose content may grant by publishing a creative commons licence;
Affect intellectual property rights and other rights, including (and) copy linkedin or distribute videos or other materials, educational (ii) copy or distribute, unless it is our technology available for licences open software (open source); (iii) use the word " or " our logo in the name of the company linkedin, e-mails or in the address of the website except in the cases set out in the guidelines brand;
Publish content containing computer viruses or other harmful bugs codes;
Have engineering backward,, to tear down, or in any other rozszyfrowywać dekompilować source code services or try to reconstruct a related technologies, which are not open software (open source);
Suggest or to propose that the user is connected with or without the explicit consent by linkedin polecany (e.g.
Presenting as an accredited); coach linkedin
Rent wydzierżawiać,,,, sell or in any are wypożyczać another way, or associated data or access to services komercjalizować these services without the consent of linkedin;
Deep linkowania used to our services for the purposes other than for the promotion of their own profile or group to our services without the consent of linkedin;
Use boots or other automatic methods to gain access to services, adding or downloading contacts or sending or routing messages;
Monitored availability, results or services in any competitive; functionality purposes
Create frames ", " " copies or otherwise simulate " mirror appearance or functionality of services;
Mask or in any other way modify services or their appearance (e.g.
By adding elements to the services or disposal, or concealing advertising services) displayed in two box;
Interfere with services or to charge them (by sending unduly spam, attacks services / access, viruses, type refusal games); algorithms or
Affect policy communities or any additional conditions relating to a particular service professionals, which shall be given when the user shall be recorded or starts benefit from such service, or conditions, if they apply bing maps service.
9.
Complaints concerning the content
Contact information for reporting content made available by members.
Respect for intellectual property rights of others.
Our requirement is that the information published by the members are accurate and do not infringe intellectual property rights or any other rights of third parties.
We complaints procedure and policy content as published by our own.
10.
Contact with us
Our contact information.
Downtown aid also details for our services.
To enquiries general please contact online.
On notifications legal and pleadings write to us at the following addresses.
