Myheritage-staff
This regulation was last updated on april 18, 2020.
If not previously seen him from that date, do it now.
Translation following in english is not a version of the rules of our binding.
Is for information purposes only and for your comfort.
The english version of the regulation is version of legally binding.
Welcome to myheritage
Myheritage this internet portal, which enables its members to attach the parties and in order to create and printing of their profiles family trees, share photos of the family, contact genealogical with family members, tests dna receive genetic analysis, to participate in scientific research and study history their families with advanced research tools (" portal, ").
Portal myheritage is owned by ltd. (
" Or " the company ") and " myheritage is carried out by it. "
User ' means the adult person completed 13 years using the platform (in some countries the minimum age is 14 years; detailed information on this issue can be found in part " minor " below). users
The use of the internet and / or site (" ") is subject to conditions website myheritage of this regulation.
User should carefully read the rules of procedure, since the use of site means that he has accepted its provisions and accepts to conclude with a contract on the basis of the rules of procedure (this " agreement "), regardless of whether or not registered as a member of the " member of the "). (myheritage
Site myheritage (" site ") belongs to a group owned and operated by her company websites (" group "), including websites myheritage * other domains, and a high level of websites myheritage Geni.com.
This agreement shall apply to the use of the portal, in those inter alia to (a) the submission of samples for the extraction and processing of dna, (b) transmission digital genetic information from other services user exported dna tests, (c) to receive and contacts in the analysis carried out by a website: (" genetyczno-genealogicznej research services on the basis of dna); genealogical (d) receiving, view and interaction in the genetic analysis health: (" services in health on the basis of dna '); and (e) the collection of raw data (including dna called " services relating to the research). " dna
Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, portal services dna tests for all made available to the objectives of this agreement.
If the user does not agree with any of this agreement, should not benefit from portal and site.
It reserves the right to change the provisions of this agreement at its own discretion; such changes will apply with immediate effect after make them available on site.
Continue using internet user after issue such changes means its acceptance of amendments to this agreement.
Portal
The family myheritage
Members portal can create and publish on the content of myheritage family, as well as myheritage to control and restrict access to the content of other users of the websites myheritage.
Portal due to the nature should carefully consider what information user wishes to have included in the family, and do not place on them illegal content myheritage or inadequate.
The company will not edit or provided by users, but monitored the content of the reserves the right to remove the content of the if it is found that set out by the affect this agreement.
As an example, without a user undertakes not to, not envisage, do not send posting or otherwise not available via the internet or in connection with the portal the following:
Containing nakedness, pictures and other content of a sexual nature, a pornographic,, vulgar, and / or nieobyczajnym disrespect containing violence;
Content which may adversely affect privacy or confidentiality other persons, in this people with family tree of the user.
User can on define specific privacy settings for each of the names, dates, e-mail addresses and other information allowing identification of a subject.
User should benefit from these functions and respect the privacy of others;
Pictures or e-mail addresses living persons (beyond our own photos and e-mail addresses) without the consent of the person to whom they relate;
Information relating to the minors or minors their identity, their personal data enabling the, the addresses and other ways of communication with them, without direct permission their parent or guardian;
Content which is not the property of the holder or which user has no right to use;
Content that violates and / or breaks property rights or other type of the rights of other persons, including copyright and trademarks.
It pays particular attention to the protection of copyright and intellectual property of others.
User should bear in mind that the content of the (including photos), even if they are shown on the page, which the user is a member, are the property of the or to the consignor and the user should not duplicate them without the consent of their owner;
Has nieobyczajnym, naughty, content, containing the violence, fraudulent oszczerczym dismissive, disrespect, to hatred, false, summoner misleading, unreliable, false, malignant,, representing a threat or namawiających ubliżających prześladujących to racial hatred, religious or ethnic;
Content that are of others anxiety, anxiety, uncertainty, shame, insulting or insecurity;
Content which could harm the legal; content as toczącemu which user knows that are unlawful or promote illegal activities or are calling for it;
Computer viruses or other malicious or harmful code;
Content affecting the privacy policy of the company.
User must not:
Podszywać under another person or otherwise be misleading as to their identity or status;
Administered a worker or representative company ltd myheritage
Or any of its affiliates.
Stalkingu commit or persecution or persistent or establish regular contact with other users without their consent or incentives on their part or following the withdrawal of their consent or incentives to contact explicitly or implicitly;
Send e-mail with a commercial nature, spam, e-mail or other e-mail bulk unwanted, which may be considered by the recipient or recipients of persecution;
To use the site or portal in a way which could damage good name or the reputation of the company;
Restrict or prevent another person using or website portal,
Use website or part of it or access to, for commercial purposes;
Operate which requires members and / or users parties family other sections payment site myheritage;
Advertise posting of offers for sale products or services, or except in cases where this is clearly allowed by the company and by law (in this case, the user must comply with the conditions for such activities as set out by the company);
Live connections on the portal or to other service providers outside the group websites myheritage;
Except obtain explicit prior written consent of the user has no right to make copies or stored in electronic form all or part of site company or on it, or made available, set out the content of the distribution, sell or posting an offer to sell lead to all or part of site or its content and systematically sampled content and data from a site or via the website in order to create or supplement other databases in any order to collect data and parties from the site; via the so-called
Scrapingu crawlingu techniques, and / or without the express prior written consent of the company. harverstingu
Except prior written consent of resale products (including without a myheritage of test kits myheritage) is strictly wzbroniona dna.
Buying set for research, and then it dna myheritage another person is strictly forbidden to odsprzedawanie.
Each activity in the site notified company and at the discretion of companies, which is an existing law will be notified to the relevant authorities an infringement.
Page myheritage family is a place where family members shall make available to other members of the family content.
This may lead to conflict between family members.
All members, including the consumer, myheritage must conform to the following:
Before sending information about yourself on the family members must obtain the permission of living members of the family; if there content without such consent, place the responsibility for this be borne by the parties of the family i.e.
Member who created the family.
If it receives that on the family were published a complaint information on the person or a close relative of that person against her will, the company reserves the right to remove such information from the family, even if the owner wants to make this information stays on family this side.
In case of disputes with which the company has the right to him a member of the owner of the block and removed from the discretion. portal
Is subscriber, if a member of fees for such a subscription payments by us. he is zrefundowana
Right relative to request information about it on the family has niepublikowania superior to the rights of the parties to accommodate such relative on the family.
If you will find on the family or in some other place on the personal data entered there by another member family, which, should send the user wants to remove such request to the company at the address privacy @; company will consider such a request within myheritage.com one week.
Company will endeavour to first to settle the dispute amicably, making contact with the owner of the family who posted data or who is responsible for this, and giving him time to reply.
Company will cooperate with the wearer, in order to ensure that the content of which user, will be definitively removed from the desire to remove site.
If necessary, the company can also help user remove such information with index search engines such as google, but it should be remembered that the removal of information with google and other search engines remains outside the control of and is not its responsibility.
Copy information or images from other parts of the family without the consent of their owners is prohibited, and members, who will, may be locked in on the portal at the discretion of myheritage.
Copying information or images from external websites and portals, followed by publishing them on the family require prior approval by the owners of the content.
Invitation other members of the family or on the requests for joining their acceptance among family means for their access to the family and the possibility of copying its content.
In this case, the responsibility for this be borne by the parties, the member who addressed an invitation letter or family or an application for membership, and not adopted myheritage.
If invitation or application for membership are issued or accepted, owner of the family can remove the error from the family member of the family in order to prevent him access to the site.
Parties families are open to visitors, but by default details of family members living posted on tree (with the exception of their names are) genealogicznym classified.
In order to maintain the maximum degree of privacy owners parties may set the status of your party and albums with pictures on private and exclude matching in their function smart the trees genealogical.
Function matching the service that is smart links between discovering and others; tree genealogicznymi user trees that is linked to a loss of privacy, as owners of other parties family can see part of the family tree user linked to their trees (in this case, people living included in a tree, but the user unrelated to the tree genealogicznym another person shall be deleted.
If user on does not accept, must exclude function by clicking link in the smart matching rozwijanym set out in the top right-hand corner of the menu, and then " heading ' names, trees below tab option " activate smart matching ™ " odznaczając, and clicking on " save. "
If user leaves function smart matching for his family tree, the continuous takes responsibility for the fact that other members may see elements of his family tree.
Company reserves the right following their own assessment to reject, include refusal or remove the content and / or the family set out by the user, or limit, suspend or revoke the user access rights to all or part of site and / or portal at any time, for any reason or without giving any reasons, in advance or without prior notice, and without any of that title of liability, financial or other type of.
Company reserves the right following their own assessment to reject the refusal or removal of the family at any time that, for any reason or without giving any reasons, in advance or without prior notice, and without any from this tax liability, financial or other type of, if the company considers that side of the family is in breach of this agreement.
When user will send, or provide on, including trees will publish the content of the family and they are available to all the pictures of visitors website or website from the group of sites depending on the settings specified by the user myheritage.
Depending on the settings of the user other users may be able to view site, procurement, copying, modification or deletion documentation, editing a specific content set out by the user.
User agrees to other users can have access to the side of his family and add, remove or otherwise changed his part of the family. content
Information by the user will displayed and available to other persons who may be search, view or to hear.
User may remove content that earlier posted on the; however, when others pobrały or the effect may remain it zarchiwizowały copies of the publicly available for consultation in the public domain.
Other users can contact with the user through the site on the content of sent by the user.
Company may send user e-mail, when will appear on the notification for him a new message.
User may change their settings in the section " my account " by e-mail website, if not wishing to receive such notifications.
Services dna tests
This part, apply to services, taking into account the dna, inter alia, ordering set dna testing, transfer of dna samples, allowed us myheritage use of such samples, of dna mutations or (" form nucleotide haplogrup test results '), which dna derive from them or reported by the member on the website and in relation to the results of the analysis results, which include matching dna genetyczno-genealogicznej dna and estimates ethnic origin (including: " test reports dna " and " total member test reports ") and the results of the genetic analysis of genealogical health risks and reports covering reports genetic status (including, " reports on the state of the vector health based on dna testing " and, together with the reports for research dna, " research reports genealogical dna. ")
Member rights and duties and restrictions on the use of the services of dna.
In order to benefit from services of research dna, user must register as a member of site; must not, however, be, in order to benefit from the services of the subscriber research dna.
Conditions the use of services relating to the research shall be laid down in this agreement and dna privacy policy myheritage.
Services genealogical research on the basis of dna are not currently available for the people of israel, following location: iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria (" locations limited for research on the basis of dna). " genealogical
Services dna on the state of health are not currently available for the inhabitants of the following locations: israel, france, germany, austria, switzerland, of rhode island, new jersey, and new york, as well as iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria (" locations for dna health services limited ").
When authorizations for the services dna [], providing services dna dna to test sample or by the dna results on a website, affirms by sending state that completed (18) 18th.
Years and are not resident in respectively for research on the basis of dna locations limited genealogical and / or location for health checks on the basis of limited dna, mentioned above and that you are familiar with the support of this agreement, to understand it and undertake to comply with its provisions and shall state the state agreed to withdrawal and use the dna samples and test results dna, as well as the calculation and implementation by us in force test reports dna.
They further declare state that every piece of dna forwarded by the state, and any information sent by the member or transmitted via the internet, which are a natural person from its results of dna tests are member material dna or, only in relation to use of services on the basis of dna, dna testing genealogical person for whom you are legal guardian or for which you have got a lawful authorisation provided us its material dna.
Without prejudice to the above, the use of dna for law enforcement purposes, under the law, research forensic investigations, in criminal matters, the investigation of cases (" cold case, unresolved identification of persons who died, location unknown using dna taken from relatives of those who died of carcasses and / or a similar purpose is [bold text = "), unless strictly prohibited " was a court order.
In accordance with their personal privacy company seeks to protect the privacy of their clients and not to divulge research results in response to questions of law enforcement.
These provisions apply to both the results of studies dna developed through fly with research dna, as well as dna made available through direct myheritage message on their website, the transfer of data from another service provider or transfer to the company by the user information on its dna in a different way.
Providing myheritage dna samples, the user to consent to the direct or indirect myheritage grants from such dna samples, a separation of dna genetic analysis on the sample dna using methods currently available in the future, and developed on research carried out under a transfer of disclosure of results of appropriate test reports to the state and only in respect of dna test reports on the basis of dna, also to other persons genealogical, which the state empower and storage of the samples for the need for additional genetic tests (e.g.
Company may be able to develop a more detailed or reliable test results dna, test reports and other dna results through to perform additional studies genetic in the future, subject to the explicit consent of the user) and allowing the user to collection of the test results, always in accordance with the provisions of this agreement of dna and privacy.
User acknowledges that if take the results of their research: 1) will is the copies of dna which is not protected settings security and privacy protection myheritage; (2) and keep their research results dna user is after sampling at your own risk and (3) the company will not have control over the process test results, and will not bear responsibility with regard to user dna or any third party in relation to the collection and / or storage of such results.
Not rościmy yourself any ownership rights to the dna samples, the results of dna tests or / or information contained in the reports of the tests and genetyczno-genealogicznych genetyczno-zdrowotnych dna.
Genetyczno-genealogicznym any information on the nature and come from and / or genetyczno-zdrowotnym dna samples contained in the reports on dna tests belong to the person from whom downloaded material, subject to only rights granted myheritage dna under this agreement.
User also understands that the notification of the dna and / or the results from tests dna company does not accrue any rights to products research, which may be developed or commercial by the company and linked to his dna.
User company on request transmitted by dna sample will destroy the user.
If you want to request its destruction, please check the dna, with the company using the contact details of the indicated in part " contact " below.
User furthermore, may at any time removed from their research results of dna and reports from the site of their research, using dna on the on the " removal of functions available to dna tests ' or manage presets request such removal, by contacting customer service office myheritage.
When notifying its dna samples and / or test results dna on site, user to license without any territorial limitation and grants free of licence fees for the use of their dna samples, the results of studies of dna and related test reports dna, as well as, solely for the purposes of services on the basis of dna, dna samples genealogical research and / or test results, which will transmit on behalf of a dna user from which has been lawful authorisation referred to in this paragraph, and their related test reports dna, to a minimum extent necessary to provide the user by the company that service in the form of the portal.
Granted user license is not unlimited temporarily and may be revoked because the user may at any time permanently removed from the site their research results and test reports of dna and dna require companies destroy its dna samples.
User release this company for answering any claims, pledges, demands actions or actions related to the dna tests, dna samples, test results dna and / or test reports of dna, including without a for errors, omissions, claims for defamation, breaches of privacy, the right to publications, emotional suffering or financial loss.
The provisions of this paragraph shall remain in force, even if the user ending the use of or services relating to the research website dna.
Confirm state that the transfer of dna samples by member shall not be any ban or limiting the scope for exports in the country where you are.
Furthermore user confirms that under the law of the country in which he lives, condition or has the right to make statements, referred to in this agreement, and expressly renounces the application of any legislation or implementing provisions concerning dna samples, results of dna and / or test reports of dna and their storage in the state or the country in which the existing lives.
User agree that dna samples have been stored in the united states as set out in this agreement.
Company reserves the right to reject, blocking, include refusal or removal of test reports dna and / or research outputs dna provided by the user or company after having been processed dna samples user or limitation, suspension or termination of the agreement or the user access to all or part of services from the dna tests at any time, for any reason or without giving any reasons, in advance or without prior notice, and without incurring on that basis, with the exception that legal liability if the user bought set for research, and the company has benefited from dna myheritage described above the law, the company will purchase of the dna tests. user cost
The right to use services from the scope of dna tests
Rely on research dna and participation in them are void if they are prohibited.
User may use the services of the dna tests, if it is completed eighteen (18) years, and have the legal capacity to conclude a binding agreement with the company.
The user can not benefit from the services of research, if this law infringes dna local state or national rules or regulations of the country of his normal residence.
Through mandate services [services], declare and dna dna state that (a) ensure that piece of dna and / or the results of dna submitted by the member belong to the state or only in respect of services research on the basis of dna, to the person genealogical in respect of which you have a in accordance with the law to provide samples and / or upoważenie dna test results; (b) completed the 18th (18).
Years of age; and (c) the use of services [services] is without prejudice to any dna dna current law nor regulation.
If services research on the basis of dna uses a genealogical person for the work of such a person will be borne by its parent or responsibility of minors guardian.
If solely for the purpose of research services on the basis of dna, you are going to a sample of the genealogical dna, you must be a parent or persons minors legal guardian of such a person and provide confirmation in writing in an acceptable for us if you format requested to do so before submitting results of dna and test reports on the basis of dna the right person minors. genealogical
If user has reason to believe that have sustained an infectious disease or condition, should not sent to its impaired dna samples as that disease, disorder or impaired not cease to be infectious or will be cured.
Dna samples the user can not be converted, the findings of dna and reports may be removed and research his dna's membership without prior notice, if the company considers cancelled that this agreement or any of its provisions have been infringed or broken.
Period service from the research dna
This paragraph shall apply to the current or not yet research services rendered dna.
User may at any time and for any reason to remove from its account results of dna for which they were they sent by the user or the company.
Company may at any time and without notice remove test results and / or its research reports dna user and / or cancel its membership.
Property rights set out in this agreement shall remain valid even after the cancellation of membership.
Non-commercial use of research dna by members
Members may use the services of the dna tests for information on their own personal use; services dna tests may not be used in connection with trading activities or research, except in cases of clearly defined or approved in writing by the company.
Illegal and / or unauthorised use of services relating to the research, including the gathering of research dna dna and / or test reports dna, is prohibited.
It reserves the right to protection and enforcement of all the rights associated with the services provided research dna.
Ownership of the content
A.
Not rościmy yourself any ownership rights to the dna samples, the results of dna tests carried out on their basis, any results of dna, which you are going to services through dna or to information contained in the reports of the tests and genetyczno-genealogicznych genetyczno-zdrowotnych dna.
After the transfer of research results dna website or after sending to the dna user shall retain all rights ownership of the dna samples and related research results dna as well as to genetic information contained in the reports of dna tests and the right to use their research results dna and reports from their dna tests in any elected by the way.
By sample dna and / or the results of dna tests on the site, user this company's right to receive grants, use, modify myheritage, display and the creation of works on the basis of dna samples, linked to derivative them results of dna and test reports dna only within the research services for commercial and non-commercial dna and related to commercial companies (and its successors in title and entities myheritage related); in addition, the user and guarantees that has the right to declare such a right.
B.
Services dna tests include the results from tests of dna and test reports dna users, members and other licencjodawców.
Except content set out by the user in clearly allowed in the privacy of the user, the user has no right to modify, explain the copy envisage, submitted, conducted display or sell, disseminate content located on or accessible through the website and / or services from the scope of research dna.
Dna samples and test results; dna test reports dna
User sole responsibility for a sample or samples of dna sent to and for the results of tests submitted in dna myheritage service research dna, for any material or information, which shall forward to, its members, as well as for any contacts with other users.
Myheritage not control or does not provide support any operation resulting from state participation in services (services) and, in the dna of dna, therefore, clearly excludes any responsibility for any function myheritage resulting from the state participation in the services of dna.
Company does not grant any explicit or implicit assurances on the survey results and dna test reports dna, as well as the reliability of the website, or test reports of dna, dna testing their credibility,,, quality, relevance, the complexity of the completeness, compatibility, safety or the suitability for bezbłędności any purpose.
Using services relating to the research dna, notes that on the results of the user of studies and reports dna tests may take dna information that may cause the strong reaction as well as potentially change his emotional life and views on the world.
You can discover things about itself, which are for the state or which may be in addition to the cumbersome controls or changes (e.g.
That state is not, in the context of genetic father, member or that origin is different, father member than the or thought facts about ancestors) or that surprising member concerns state higher than average probability of it such as alzheimer's disease). conditions
After such information, awareness is irreversible.
You should not assume that any information that we will be able to convey to you, now or after certain progress in terms of genetic testing, are desirable and positive.
This information can cause certain social effects, legal or financial.
User also notes that the use of services relating to the research dna related test reports and receipt of the dna may entail serious consequences not only for himself, but also for the and further members of his family, as part of their dna is the same.
Fears consequences if the user of such information should not use the services of research dna.
Genetic information, which may be used against your interests of other udostępniasz and, therefore, we should be careful during make available to other people.
Udostępniasz even if information (such as the dna results genetic and / or reports dna), which are not relevant health or which have today limited relevance this information may become more important in the future, when they are made unravel.
Future company or insurance companies may require from you such information.
Act non-discrimination in respect of genetic information (gina) was signed in the united states in 2008.
And some, but not all, united states and countries have the right, which protect the people in connection with their information events.
Before releasing anyone you can consult their genetic information lawyer to meet extent of legal protection of such information.
If wyeksportujesz their data and you send them to a third party dna myheritage health to analyse the health, some of the information may be disclosed by genetic niezakomunikowane you myheritage which have not been approved by, which shall not be liable for myheritage myheritage, because the data for certain options may contain dna mistakes.
Exporting dna data, and then forward them to third parties myheritage is made only to your own risk.
More about health services dna
You can use the health services only when you have completed dna eighteen (18) years.
The health
Before doręczeniem health records dna you about your health history and we ask your family through a questionnaire (information on health and health, respectively) questionnaire questionnaire.
Information questionnaire-based will allow us to determine whether kwalifikujesz to some or all health records dna (in rare cases may be refused generation and / or issue) and whether you have some or all of the reports health dna.
Such information may also allow us to appropriate allowances and transmission of these health records dna.
To this end, you must complete a questionnaire in its entirety. health
Before information about other people to achieve the appropriate consent from the person to have to which you want to provide information in the questionnaire to health.
Your questionnaire health information to be stored and used by the us in accordance with our policy of privacy.
New questions and subjects may be added to the questionnaire health if new information is necessary in order to update your health records dna or in order to generate new reports.
Then we can you send the e-mail.
You can remove or edit your information to questionnaire health by contacting customer service office.
For more information, please refer to personal privacy.
Genetics is only part of image
Reports health dna provide information about risk on the basis of assessment of specific genetic variants, the genetic but do not include all the genetic profile.
Reports health dna do not include claims all genetic variants related to the disease and the absence of test option does not preclude the presence of other genetic variants, which may be associated with the disease.
In addition, most diseases genes, which are responsible for we know only part of the general risk.
Other factors, such as the environment and lifestyle may influence the risk of the disease in question and, depending on the health status, may be important predyktorami.
If your data indicate that you're not exposed / s a higher risk of genetic disease or health status, do not feel safe.
Reciprocal also is true; if your data indicate that you're exposed / s a higher risk of genetic disease or health status, this does not mean that such a disease or health status develop.
Findings reports health dna should be confirmed and complemented by additional medical and clinical research and information.
You ought solely on reports health dna
Dna health services are not intended to self-diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease or state of health, inform you of your present state of health in the absence of medical information or clinical or use to decision-making medical, including determining whether take drugs or not and how much.
Also you might need to obtain additional services from your doctor / s, or other healthcare providers in order to obtain therapist's couch genetic more precise results for health or diseases referred in your reports health dna.
Dna health services do not offer medical advice or care and are not intended to be a medical practice by or in any other way to create relationships myheritage between you. a healthcare provider pacjent- myheritage
Dna health services are used only for the purposes of research, information and education.
Use any of the information provided under the health services (including information for whose dna help we can you identify from your health records and scientific literature or studies) dna occurs solely at your own risk.
Dna health records should not be considered as a replacement for visits to a doctor or another specialist professional medical advice, diagnosis, advice or treatment by a doctor or another, which can seen your health in świadczeniodawcę the broader context of medical management.
If you have any concerns or questions arising from your health records dna or questions regarding the diagnosis, treatment, alleviation of or prevention or provides health or reduced or your health status and / or otherwise your health, you should consult with your doctor or other professional.
Genetic testing are not comprehensive and are constantly being developed
It should be noted that many discoveries, which can occur in the genetic health, are not confirmed clinically and dna used by the us technology (same enjoyed by the scientific community) so far has not been widely used in clinical trials.
Also due to the differences in our test, some technical device health dna or some variations in the reports referred to the health may not be for you dna unavailable.
Presented risk for variant may be calculated on the basis of ethnic groups that don't fit or are not relevant for your ethnic origin and therefore did not accurately reflect the risk.
Future scientific community can demonstrate that the earlier studies were incomplete or inaccurate, and the future research can change your interpretation of the results of dna.
Along with the development of scientific knowledge, our reports can change and reflect other health dna results in the future.
For example, we can change set, which is part of your orientation variations for the state of health. genetic
Also able different values or class this wariacjom, assigned to that are now so variants harmful will in future be classified as mild and change your report health dna.
Another example is the fact that we can change the estimated level of risk for a disease.
We can also add health or disease after receipt by the health records you, apart from those diseases, and the dna which are listed on the before purchase during ordering health records dna.
Other companies offering test the risk of genetic may discover other genetic variants for the same illness, so you can get other results by means of the test carried out by another company.
We can also use other tools and framework, in order to assess the presence of mathematical static variations and / or the level of risk.
So we reserve the right to update your health records based on the new information, data and / or dna scientific findings.
So we reserve the right to notify you when also report health dna will change.
Some people may feel anxiety pending the result of on the health of the genetic.
It's normal.
If odczuwasz anxiety, talk to your doctor or other professional before the delivery of the dna health services dna.
Encouraging discussions with the genetic, with a special training for a professional therapist genetic diseases and / or certified medical before the delivery of the dna health services genetykiem dna, to find out more and be able to take an informed decision whether dna testing is appropriate for you.
Please note that the dna results and / or health reports which you enable their dna or other healthcare providers, can become doctor medical history and, in that part of your become available świadczeniodawcom and / or to insurance companies in another future.
If the insurance company will ask whether you find out about their condition is / reply through information and will not divulge such information, its genetic may be recognised it as fraud.
Although our laboratory is licensed in texas as clinical laboratory, not all require our jurisdictions health services are subject to the dna of the licence.
Because we are not generally licensed by state authorities, all for genetic studies conducted in federal or international objectives related to health and disease.
Also in certain jurisdictions we do not offer our health services dna because we do not have required a licence.
To process orders from customers living in the united states, we require from your doctor to process and to address health reports dna to customers.
Working with independent network fully licensed, certified doctors and therapists genetic, llc () (" Pwnhealth www.pwnhealth.com '), in order to ensure supervision Pwnhealth on test test dna health. myheritage myheritage
Assessment Pwnhealth by your doctor and review for the purposes of your personal details, including terapeutę genetic information to the questionnaire, the results of dna and reports passenger health will be made available confidentially dna Pwnhealth.
Pwnhealth service fee is charged by on behalf of, and is included in myheritage Pwnhealth overall price of the health services of dna.
Test myheritage test dna has not been authorised by the american myheritage health agency food and drug administration (fda).
Fda does not require that the test has been evaluated by the fda prior to marketing.
User undertakes to exempt, its subsidiaries, workers, myheritage members of the board, intermediaries, managers, licensees and other parties related entities acting on behalf of companies, as well as their respective members of the board members and representatives of workers of liability for loss of liability, or claims, including legitimate demands the services of lawyers, declared or arising from the use of or access to services of dna tests by the user and consequences on their use.
The use of data
Members or persons who otherwise use the internet and / or services genealogical research on the basis of may benefit from the dna test reports genealogical based on dna another member of only as allowed under the settings such a limited only to privacy and test reports on the basis of dna marked as available for genealogical other members.
If pobiorą state and / or publish any results of studies and / or dna test reports on other website or other dna applications or they use it otherwise outside services [services], please have dna dna in mind that, with the results from tests of dna and / or test reports dna will be used in accordance with the conditions and rules of such other parties and / or applications, and such use occurs solely at state its own risk.
Protection of privacy and security
Details of our practices can be found in our privacy [link url = " https: / / / fp / company / popup.php? www.myheritage.com
P = privacy _ policy " title = " privacy policy " target " " = blank)
The limitation of liability
Notwithstanding " as defined in clause to limit the liability provisions " of less (in paragraph " flag, reduction and exemption from liability "), services are provided with dna tests in the usa establishments concerned.
Company makes no declarations that services dna tests are adequate or available in other countries.
Users deriving or benefiting from the research services access dna in other countries, they do on their own will and bear the responsibility for compliance with the local law.
Other sections of
As a member of user can content in other sections site, for example, include
In the aid.
The user can also made comments on the content published by other users.
Company reserves the right to remove (for advance or without prior warning and without any of that title of liability, financial or other type of) content or post, which in its view, according to its sole discretion constitute a violation of this agreement.
Service for backup myheritage
Myheritage offers an optional service back-up for an additional charge abonamentową.
Service back-up is provided on the conditions laid down in this agreement and the additional conditions laid down for this service.
Licence limited use of internet
User this is licence using portal and its contents exclusively for their own use and on the terms of this agreement (" licence ").
Portal is not intended for commercial use, a licence does not include commercial use.
Company reserves the right to cancelling all or parts of the portal at any time.
Collect some or all or part of the public content of the portal is functionality portal prohibited.
Re-publishing of content in the form of website or other domains in public is prohibited.
Licence infringement of this may result in the immediate user and taking a legal action for the termination of the membership to a legal provisions prohibiting a specific action, damages and / or redress on a zasądzenia justice.
User may benefit from the portal and under the portal only in software made available online; the user has no right to collect, produce copies, again used or of such software except in the cases expressly referred to disseminate in connection with such software made available offline and receipt of relevant licence the use of such software.
Copyright
Except services from the dna referred to above, by the user content on the insertion means that it gives to a licence, free of royalties, non-exclusive without any territorial limitation and timeframe for copying, identification and dissemination of such hostowanie content.
Integration myheritage with its partners, including
Rootsmagic historian, family, and does not include genealogie Aldfaer Coret reproducing the wording.
Company never uses the information communicated to it from their partners providing software and site for purposes other than retrieval and never display such information content compliance publicly does not sell them or make available on the basis of a licence to the other parties.
Company licence does not receive such information and does not collect such information; they are removed automatically after seeking compliance.
Users partners companies may receive similarities smart (compliance among the trees match) other users; this function not genealogicznymi works in both directions: users companies will not be similarities with other users of our partners company smart match will not be able to see their data.
All placed on site, except for the content of the content of the provided by users of test results dna, dna samples and genetic information contained in the reports of dna tests, will remain owned by or third parties which have company limited licence to this effect.
Content placed on the family remain the property of person who has developed the content, remain under the control of manager on which they are grouped, party family and are operated by the company under conditions laid down in this agreement.
Myheritage is protected by copyright under american and israeli provisions about copyright, international conventions and other existing rules on copyright protection.
The user can not in any way modify application software and applications of the company. code
User undertakes not to take, not cause, do not allow anyone to modify, nor authorise derivatives, translation, of making engineering works of to compilation, backward or any application made available by the company dezasemblacji hacking, made available for download components or parts of.
Law digital millennium copyright act (" the dmca)
In line with our policy we respond to notice suspected case of copyright infringements, which comply with the applicable requirements set out in the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (" the dmca ").
Law provides remedies for copyright holders the dmca who have reason to believe that shown on the internet materials copyright in the light of the existing break them in the usa.
To find out more about the bill, please visit website american authority for the dmca
Copyright at [link url = " https: / / www.copyright.gov / legislation / dmca.pdf " title = " https: / / www.copyright.gov / legislation / " target " blank '] = dmca.pdf.
If user holds the copyright or their agent and in good faith has grounds to believe that made available on content, may in accordance with the law infringes his autoskie the requirements of the dmca an announcement by us agent to delegate wyznacznego for
Copyright using traditional mail: copyright agent for notice, attention: legal department, myheritage, po box 50, terminal park, or yehuda, israel, or by e-mail at 6037606 address: copyright @ myheritage.com.
Notice must comply with the current legal requirements set out in the the dmca.
Please include in the notification the following information:
• physical or electronic signature of the person empowered to act on behalf of the owner the exclusive right, which was allegedly infringed as a result of specific materials. available
• identifying information copyrighted song concerned, or in the case of entry for many violation of such works on, contained zawiadomioeniem representative list of such work.
• identifying information materials which, according to guess affect or are the subject of activity affecting copyright and require the removal or to which access shall be locked as well as sufficient information that will enable myheritage materials (the best way is to locate urls that will soon locate oral content).
• sufficient information that will enable contact made with the applicant, such myheritage as address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address at which they can get in touch with the complainant.
• statement, in which the applicant confirms that in good faith is expected to use materials in a manner by the owner of copyright, a realtor nieautoryzowany or under the current legislation.
• statement about the fact that the information contained in the notice are real and, under the threat of prosecution of that an applicant is empowered to act on behalf of the owner the exclusive right, which allegedly has been infringed.
User if there is no certainty to have the right to work or whether the reported making available to material actually copyright, we are asking for a prejudice or another lawyer, because calling your general counsel may not provide legal advice. myheritage
Please note that the submission of complaints under law unjustified is punishable by the dmca
Marketing of service
By registering on user agrees that we can use his contact information, in order to offer him the products or services that can complement myheritage products or services being procured in us earlier by the user.
Such tenders may be submitted by e-mail, telephone of promotional or by direct.
If you do not wish to receive tenders marketing via e-mail, may at any time to write, using the link set out in an email or its electronic mail. post preferences
See.
Preferences section on mail in our [link url = " https: / / / / company / popup.php? www.myheritage.com fp
P = privacy _ policy " title = " privacy policy " target " blank '] =.
If user does not want to receive tenders marketing on the phone or by direct contact us by writing to the address [mail url = " privacy " title = " privacy @ @ myheritage.com or request it,] " myheritage.com talking with any representative myheritage.
Fees and charges
Subscriptions
In addition to basic free use of the site myheritage offers subscription: the family, the premium paid subscription subscription subscriptions parties, data and subscription family Premiumplus subscriptions complete.
All subscriptions are extended to the user is able to use services automatically continuous.
This means that the following purchase, it will be automatically extended, and the subscription charges will be calculated in the manner specified by the user by period of use of, as far as the user will not resign from subscription subscription or not as set out in this agreement shall cancel it.
Due to the american plans and options are currently paid subscription purchases inaccessible to inhabitants of the following countries: iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria.
All subjects and articles purchased from companies are provided in accordance with the conditions of dispatch.
This means that the risk of losing commodity and the ownership of the goods is passed on to when they are submitted to the user.
1.
Surrender of extending the subscription
Extension may be dispensed with all their subscriptions through and the use of the login [link url = " https: / / www.myheritage.com / fp / " title = " my shopping ' Myorders.php target "), " = blank to choose the right, click in " details " to see subscription, then in " cancel " or call myheritage extension annual subscription number (in the united states free + 1-844-994-1888 connection; telephone in other countries are available on the [link url = " https: / / www.myheritage.com / " title = " contact " target contact-myheritage = " blank ']).
If user has not notified at least one day before the end of the current period of subscription, that it wants to give it up, payment will be taken, and subscriptions extended.
2.
Free probationary period
Fee probationary period free subscription after that period will be charged.
User may at any time during the probationary period dispense with him, and not free to bear in this respect any charge.
To refrain from line should go to a website [link url = " https: / / www.myheritage.com " title = " / / fp Myorders.php my " target " blank '] = purchases.
On this page, choose " subscription " or " complete data, " push " browse particulars subscriptions, " and then select " free " in terms of the selected sample now hold your subscription.
Free probationary period will be required to start, data relating to payments.
Giving details of the payment and accepting, do you agree that staff can automatically start to charge for myheritage paid subscription after the probationary period, every year. free periodically
Holders visa will be notified by e-mail to 7 days before the end of a free trial period.
3.
Rules for the refund money
Myheritage treasures satisfaction its clients and offers them (30 days) guarantee their money back. trzydziestodniową
If user is not satisfied with purchased subscription, it may require full recovery of the money.
For this purpose should contact [mail url = ' support @ " title = " customer service office myheritage.com "] within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase of subscription.
Guarantee refund applicable subscription (premium Premiumplus, subscription myheritage data or subscription), and not a complete products dispatched (e.g.
Of test kits dna or posters with trees) myheritage genealogicznymi.
Funds will be refunded on credit card, with the help of which has been made the purchase.
Booking of the account may take a while.
4.
The subject to the change
Myheritage may at any time change its prices.
Current prices are on the tariffs.
Prices may be subject to additional tax and customs duties, depending on the country of the user.
After each of the payments will send user with details of purchase and e-mail myheritage the amount collected.
5.
Renewal long-term subscription in discounted price
Subscriptions bought with a guarantee prices (" promotion in discounted price ') will be renewed subscriptions in the same price, which was applicable at the original purchase.
Subscription price changes will not apply to renew your subscription prices in discounted price.
User who has subscriptions in discounted price, will be throughout the period of its validity, entitled to the same promotional prices for each, the annual renewal of the subscription.
For abandonment of renew your subscription in (which will lead to its termination discounted price) there is no guarantee that the user is able to redeem in the future, at the same price.
Charges relating to the research dna
If user did not report is still on the portal, will have to register when myheritage will place an order to set for testing the dna.
Registration is free.
User must retain its login, in order to receive from their research results of dna and research reports on the dna.
1.
Exchange of test kits dna
In case of the following user should contact with a situation, taking advantage of the contact details given in part " contact " below, and the company will send a user free of charge to a new set of dna tests at the address set out in the documentation at the time of its purchase:
[Ul] [li] has not been set to user dna testing sent to the given address dispatch within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase.
[Li] set for testing the dna didn't reach laboratory within companies thirty (30) days from the date dispatch him by the user.
[If] you received destroyed set for testing the dna. [/ ul)
2.
Cancellation contract and repayment of money
If user decides to cancel the contract set to dna testing, before the sample dna will be delivered to laboratory company, has the right to full reimbursement of the money.
To cancel the contract and demand repayment of money, the operator must contact with the company for contact details given with part of the " contact " below.
Reimbursement will cost of for testing dna, but does not cover the costs of shipment, customs duties and taxes import.
Funds will be refunded on credit card, with the help of which has been made the purchase.
Booking of the account may take a while.
Refund none of test kits dna, which are already being processed by laboratory company or the processing of which has already been completed.
After sending the dna samples to the laboratory of the company and its registration, the repayment of money for set for testing the dna is impossible.
Please note that some test procedures may with a variety of reasons to be delayed.
Test time may vary depending on the quantity and quality of biological samples. orders
Given deadlines are therefore estimates, and not the results of loans.
3.
Repeat any studies after a treatment by the laboratory dna
Laboratory may not be able to carry out working, and the process carried out in the laboratory samples member may lead to obtain errors.
If the state will have a chance to send dna samples to test a new set of dna without additional costs, so that you can give us a new sample dna test.
Set dna testing will be sent to the same address, that we have in the records at the time of purchase.
Despite maintain by us high standards, a small fraction of data generated in the laboratory may prove impossible to interpretation or invalid (" ") laboratory errors.
Due to the fact that awareness of this possibility in advance of the users are not entitled to reimbursement for errors laboratory.
4.
The possibility of changing prices
Myheritage may at any time change the.
Reservation reduction and exemption from liability
Claiming responsibility
A.
In far permitted by law, its executive board members, intermediaries, myheritage representatives, workers, and related entities will not in any of the licensor circumstances bear the responsibility for incorrect or inaccurate information related to the portal, regardless of whether the blame for it are other users site, the members, the company, its partners, equipment or advertisers programming linked to action or services or to them used. the
Myheritage shall not be liable for any consequences of research results and / or dna test reports dna, regardless of whether they are correct.
B.
Myheritage licensor and her and related entities are not responsible for the behaviour of a member or another user on the internet site or outside.
In far permitted by applicable law the company will not under any circumstances bear the responsibility for loss or damage (including the loss of data, information, injury or death) or the loss of privacy resulting from the use of the portal site or by any person, the information provided on site or submitted to the members or other users, both on the internet site and beyond.
C.
Information products and services available on the website and site may contain inaccuracies or clerical errors.
To information there are periodically the amendments contained.
D.
Myheritage shall not be liable for any errors, distortion, remove, defects, missed or delay of the transmission, accidents, stealing, destruction, communication lines not access change communication between users or members, problems or technical failure network or telephone lines, computer systems web servers or service providers, computer equipment, software, electronic mail or accidents caused by technical problems players network congestion or other website website or some of those problems speech simultaneously.
Myheritage and its related entities shall not be liable for damage or destruction of computer equipment the user's website, a member of or other person linked to site or arising from the use site, browse, playing or downloading on the materials or the site in the way related to the portal. iny
E.
Portal & shall be made available in the form in which they are, and depending on the availability and except in cases of prohibited by existing law specifically excludes any explicit or implicit myheritage guarantees, guarantees suitability for any purpose, guarantees and property rights and guarantees a satisfactory quality, as not harming also guarantees at a specific site or at the time of the availability of site, its continuous or safe operation, improvement of errors or shortcomings, or a guarantee that the portal is free from viruses and other harmful elements.
Company does not provide any concrete results of benefits from the portal.
Portal may contain links to websites of third parties, which are not in the possession of or are not controlled company.
Company does not control and shall not be liable for the content, operating rules or practices on third parties.
User clearly would alleviate the company from any liability resulting from the use of the services of freelance or their websites operators.
Not giving guarantees confirmation, we can't guarantee or we don't accept responsibility for any particular course of events, resources, research, doctor or other staff of health services, medicines, biological agents, medical devices or other procedures or opinions or for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the services or any website combined or exposed to any or other banerach hiperlinkiem that can be exchanged, advertisement on the website.
Company will not be party to any transaction concluded between user and external service providers of products or services or not will be able to monitor such transactions.
Company external suppliers and they are not any statements concerning the relevance, reliability and accuracy of the content provided by website for any purpose.
Company or external suppliers will not be under any circumstances bear the responsibility for direct damage, indirect, or any other type of injury, special punitive including without limitation for any loss of profit, loss of data or other type of injury pursuant to a contract, the rights or on any other grounds of equity deliktu legal, even if the company was informed of the possibility of such damage.
F.
Myheritage may, but may not necessarily refer to the results of the tests and reports for dna tests, verify the dna them, check discard or edit.
The limitation of liability
Myheritage (or its service provider) will not in any event, bear the responsibility to user or a third party in respect of indirect damage, wynikowej,,, or granting special secondary retorsyjnej resulting, including damage arising from the use nawiązki impossible or use by the user, or parts of it, even if the company portal has been informed of the possibility of such damage.
Regardless different provisions of this agreement the liability of (or its service providers) in the user or third party of any title and irrespective of the form of the application will always be limited to the fee levied company by the user for the use of the portal within a period of membership.
Company does not accept any liability resulting from (i) errors or miscarriages content; (ii) inaccuracies in injury or damage to property of any kind arising from the user access to the portal and the use of it; (iii) the unauthorised access to servers and / or information on their company or the use of such servers and supplied information; (iv) distortions or breaks in the data transmission to or from the portal; (v) portal worms, viruses, horses and the like, which may be of the trojan transferred to or via the internet portal; and / or (vi) the loss or damage of any kind of material use by the user, irrespective of whether the portal is because it guarantees, contracts, or any other legal basis. deliktu
This limitation of liability will apply to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law of the jurisdiction.
As in some countries or the exemption or limitation of liability for the collateral damage or performance is prohibited, this limit may partly not apply to the user.
If the user is unhappy with any parts of the portal or conditions of this agreement, the only its measure legal protection is ending the use of the internet.
Exemption from liability
User undertakes to exempt, its subsidiaries, workers, myheritage members of the board, intermediaries, managers, licensees and other parties related entities acting on behalf of companies, as well as their respective members of the board members and representatives of workers of liability for loss of liability, or claims, including legitimate demands the services of lawyers, declared or resulting from the use of portal by the user or user access portal, a breach of this agreement by him and / or default comment and assurances referred to above and / or in a situation where information posted by user on or otherwise transferred to or through the portal will result in liability company against a third party.
Limitation of actions in respect of services relating to the research dna
User considers that, without due to different legislation or law (provisions the extent permitted by applicable law) any claims arising from the use of services or lawsuits relating to the research of this paragraph or related dna or must be lodged within one (1) year from the time of such claims or application, and after that date are time-barred.
Additional conditions for the members of the
1.
Registration and security
A.
As part of the user must state their e-mail address, registration and the name and the choose password.
For registration of the user must provide accurate, complete, accurate and up-to-date information.
Non-compliance constitutes a breach of this agreement.
User understands that can not (and) select or use name or e-mail address another person with a view to that person; (ii under the lining) use name or email address another person without his authorization; (iii) the year of birth or the date of his birth nieprawdziwą nieprawdziwego; or (iv) use name or email address, which the company considers to be incorrect or offensive.
B.
To benefit from the portal, the operator must be at least 13 years, unless the law in the country, which is resident or from the territory, which makes use of the internet, provide otherwise (more information can be found in part of the " minor " below). users
Registering and logging on is considered as confirmation that the user is completed 13 years.
Users between 13.
And 18.
Years will be requested to written approval of the parent or guardian legal to use (more information on this portal can be found in part " minors ' below).
C.
User is responsible for the use of the site and on the activity conducted through its passwords and keeping it a secret.
Company will never ask the user for password user of its representatives.
Transmission his password in order to obtain access to the site to another is explicitly forbidden and constitutes a breach of this agreement.
User agrees to notify the company by post or e-mail to: [mail url = " privacy " title = " privacy @ @ myheritage.com " of any known or suspected myheritage.com] cases misused or with known or suspected cases of membership of the user of security breaches.
Any fraud or of criminal activity or unlawful may give rise to terminate membership at the discretion of companies, and the user may be notified to the relevant law enforcement authorities.
2.
Amendment to this agreement and portal
It reserves the right to modify this agreement and portal at any time.
Information about the changes will be published on the internet.
If user does not accept any part of this agreement, or amendments to this agreement on the use of, or if such an amendment will make sure that the internet user can not keep a compliance with this agreement, the need to stop the use of the portal.
Continue using portal or following a change in this agreement currently means that the user accepted these changes and of them.
Therefore it is important to regularly check the current available version of and be kept informed of developments.
For alteration of the essential provisions of this agreement next to link " staff ' to this agreement, the portal przekierowującego stopce added: " it is clearly placed information updated. "
Information, " present " will be removed after 30 days, or when the user will be on the rules of procedure, depending on the update, which of these deadlines is earlier.
3.
Minor users
Except services from the dna tests (see point " entitled to benefit from services of research in paragraph " services " dna testing ' above) user who wishes to dna assumed, shall be at least account on myheritage 13 years.
Required age in some countries can be higher.
Supplying incorrect information for setting up accounts is always this agreement in violation of.
This also applies to accounts registered on behalf of the children less than 13.
Years for older people.
If underage child user (i.e.
Child less than 13.
Years) established account on, the user can show him how myheritage delete this account, refer to them by selecting the option " logując account settings " menu in accounts the top right-hand corner of the screen, then clicking option " take my account. "
In order to declare to that account was registered at the child shall be sent to the details of the minor address: [mail url = " privacy " title = " privacy @ @ myheritage.com]. ' myheritage.com
Company immediately notified its account child less than 13. remove
Years of age.
In some countries (with the exception of services relating to the research portal dna) requires that the people who set account had completed 13 years.
Company tries to provide services throughout the world according to the uniform standards, but at the same local laws. wants followed
In accordance with the laws in force in spain, israel and south korean company requires that persons living in these countries were completed 14 years before spawn and will benefit from the internet account (but not services (dna) services] dna.
If underage child user (i.e.
A child under 14.
Years) living in spain, israel or south korea established account on, the user can show him how myheritage removed himself, refer to them by selecting the option " logując account settings " menu in accounts the top right-hand corner of the screen, then clicking option " take my account. "
In order to declare to that account was successfully registered on minors living in spain, israel or child of south korea, should be sent detailed information on address: [mail url = " privacy " title = " privacy @ @ myheritage.com]. ' myheritage.com
Company immediately notified its account child under 14. remove
Years of age.
4.
Minors
Except services from the dna tests (see point " entitled to benefit from services of research in paragraph " services " dna dna tests ' above) minors (i.e.
That do not have 18 years of age) can benefit from the portal, provided that they are not persons minors (see paragraph " users ' above) and provided a minor consent to use the internet from its parent or guardian (" agreement ").
For minors must not be is use without such consent, as long as no area of portal 18 years.
In some countries on the portal may appear a compulsory form consent for parent or guardian when the user regarded as a shall be recorded or on the portal. małoletnią loguje
Form parent or guardian consent is required to include your full name and e-mail address, as well as the selection fields of declaration about being a parent or guardian persons, accept this agreement and privacy policy under age service and take responsibility for the use of service by minor.
If appears form, the use of consent until portal is impossible this form will not be completed.
If the user is not a person may submit such a declaration on the form małoletnią and introduce the correct year of birth.
After completing and submitting the form consent to process information, but not with the consent of the portal will be further used data parent or guardian given in the form.
Disputes and applicable law
This agreement and disputes concerning the portal are subject to interpretation of the law state of israel, regardless of the conflict-of-law rules contained in them.
User concludes that all legal proceedings concerning the conclusion, implementation and / or the enforcement of this agreement will only be dealt with by the courts in tel aviv in israel.
User accepts that the portal will be considered and does not give the user rights to passive partnership on jurisdiction, in addition to the detailed or general, myheritage jurisdiction in other countries outside israel.
If it becomes clear (what is unlikely), that the company will not be able to resolve a dispute amicably, all the claims must be brought user solely on my own behalf and not as a reason or participant dispute in suing. collective dorozumianym collective
User considers that, in concluding this agreement, and shall give up the right to take part user company in respect of collective.
All contracts
This agreement together with personal privacy target =, informed consent of dna (" consent to the study) and other legal information or conditions published by on will represent the entirety of the agreement between the myheritage user and in relation to the site and portal. myheritage
Nieskorzystanie or failure to exercise by the company any provisions of this agreement and / or informed consent does not mean waiver of the body to benefit from the law or the provisions or their implementation.
Titles paragraphs of this agreement are purely for information and they do not have legal effect either arrangement.
This agreement and / or informed consent is effective in the far permitted by law.
If any of the provisions of this agreement and / or informed consent is found to be illegal, it doesn't matter or impossible to enforce, it shall be deemed to be excluded from this agreement and / or informed consent, and will not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions.
User has no right to move or this agreement or rights and licences granted to cedować on its power, but the company has to this unlimited.
Any such attempt to transfer or assignment in breach of this agreement will be invalid.
If company this agreement in translation from english shall be made available to another language, in case of discrepancies between different language versions of the english version of this agreement will be decisive.
Contact
Any questions or doubts about this agreement, the website portal or related issues can be addressed to the company in writing at the address below or refer to the section [link url = " https: / / www.myheritage.pl / " title = " help center " help-center target = "]. ' blank
Customer service office
Myheritage ltd.
Po box 50, terminal park, or yehuda, 6037606 israel
[Link url = " https: / / www.myheritage.com " title = " https: / / " target " blank '] = www.myheritage.com
