Conditions of use
Thanks for the use of Pinteresta!
This conditions of use (" conditions ') and the use of regulate access site, its application, interface and api Pinteresta widgets (" ' or " service "). Pinterest
Read it this conditions and contact us if you have any questions.
Reaching Pinteresta or using access to respect these conditions, you agree service rules, rules on the protection of privacy files and guidelines communities. cookie
Put simply
Every business has its rules.
And this is our.
1.
Our services
Pinterest helps you to seek out new things and do what you like.
To this end, we show you things that we believe to be appropriate and interesting to you on the basis of your actions matched in our website and beyond.
So that we can provide our service, we must be able to identify you and meet all your interest.
Shown by some of us things are promoted by advertisers.
Within our services, we're trying to also promoted content were accepted and interesting for you.
Promoted content meet after the clear.
Put simply
Pinterest helps you to seek out new things and do what you like.
He looks like you fit.
We need to know what you like, to everything in was for you fit. Pintereście
2.
Use of Pinteresta
A.
Who can benefit from Pinteresta?
Pinteresta only, you can use when you're able to enter into a legally binding agreement with Pinterestem and pursuant to these conditions and only the law applicable.
After the creation of accounts on you have to give us accurate and complete information Pintereście.
Not Pinteresta, you can use, if this is prohibited by sanctions the united states.
Any use of or access by persons who are less than 13.
Years are not allowed.
If you live in the eea, you can use the only when you're at the age of Pinteresta, where you can express consent to the processing of data in accordance with the law in your country.
Pinteresta may include the use of software for computer, telephone, downloading tablet or other device.
Agree so that we can automatically update it software rather will apply to all the conditions of this update.
B.
Licence which you we
Subject to these conditions and our principles (including guidelines communities), you, a limited, and we are niewyłączną licence using our an inalienable odwoływalną services.
C.
Commercial application Pinteresta
If you want to use the for commercial purposes, you have to create an account Pinteresta company and accept our conditions of use for companies.
If company, organisation or other entity you open an account, the words " you " goes for you and the entity.
Proposing you have authorisation to provide, in addition, all powers and provided for under the licence, as well as to bind of conditions these conditions and that you agree to these conditions on behalf of.
Put simply
Not Pinteresta, you can use, if you don't at least 13 years (or more for some countries).
In addition, if you are using to work, you need to register company account Pinteresta.
3.
Your content
A.
Publication of content
Pinterest allows to reproduce the wording, including photographs, comments, links and other materials.
Everything publikujesz or otherwise within, is known as udostępniasz Pinteresta " content of user. "
Have all the rights to the user published by you on and you run for not full responsibility. Pintereście
Put simply
Own Pintereście still content on if you post they belong to you.
B.
As Pinterest and other users can benefit from your content?
Originate Pinterestowi and its users, unpaid, subject to marketable non-exclusive licence to use, storage, global sublicencjonowaniu, displaying, recording, reproducing, modify, creating and distributing the user, the performance of works of derivatives on exclusively to use, development, Pintereście delivery and use of Pinteresta.
Records these conditions does not restrict the other rights which may have to the content of the user, Pinterest, for example, on the basis of other licences.
So we reserve the right to remove or modify the content of the user, or changes in how they are used in Pintereście for any reason.
This includes the content, which we felt violate this user conditions or other community rules our guidance.
Put simply
If Pintereście, still on their content you post they belong to you, but we can show them to another, and they can save them.
Not upload pornographic content or spam and don't be naughty in relation to other users Pinteresta.
D.
As long as we keep your content?
Post-closure or deactivation or when you remove your account any content, user, we can keep the content of the user by reasoned Pinteresta time in order to create the backup, filing or audit.
Pinterest and its users may continue to use, storage, display, play,, modifying, the creation of works of derivatives, przepinanie implementation and dissemination of content, which user cardiac arrest other users motor or shared on Pintereście.
Put simply
If you decide to publish the content, you we consent to use them for the delivery and improve services Pinteresta.
Copies content available to the other may stay even after removal of them from the account.
E.
Your opinion feedback
Value contact with our users and we're always interested in ways that will allow us to make Pinterest poznawaniem even more incredible.
Send comment, ideas, or if you want, isn't it, so that we can with the opinion of them without a freely use or wage for you.
Accepting your application, not relinquish any rights to use Pinterest of similar or related opinion previously known or developed by its employees, or obtained Pinterestowi from sources other than from you.
Put simply
, We can enjoy your suggestions to improve Pinteresta.
4.
The principle of copyright protection
Pinterest adopted and implemented the principle of copyright protection in accordance with applicable in the united states digital millennium copyright act and other applicable provisions of copyright.
For more information, please refer to the principles of copyright protection.
Put simply
We respect the copyright.
And you, too, you should.
5.
Safety
We care about the safety of our users.
While trying to ensure the safety of your content and can not guarantee that, kontu Pinterest unauthorised third parties will not be able to circumvent our security.
Please security of his password.
Please tell us immediately in the event of any breach of or unauthorised use of your account.
Put simply
You can help us in the fight against using this guidance on spamerami about safety.
6.
Cables, website and external services
Pinterest may contain links to external websites, advertisers, services, and other events or activities, special offers which are not owned or are not controlled by a service. Pinteresta
We do not support such external websites, information materials, products or services, nor does it have a responsibility for this.
If uzyskujesz access to any external website, services or content, you do it on their own risk by Pinteresta and you agree that it is not responsible resulting from the use of Pinterest external site, services or from access to content or those elements.
Put simply
Pinterest contains links to the content of those outside. direct
Most of them are really great, but don't we have a responsibility when it appears otherwise.
7.
Termination
Pinterest may terminate or suspend the user to access or to use for any reason, and in good time Pinteresta.
Can cancel them or suspend at any moment and without prior warning, if we have good reason to, including, in breach of our community guidelines.
Upon termination shall continue to apply you point.
3 and 8 of these conditions.
Put simply
Pinterest service is a service offered free of charge.
So we reserve the right to refuse service selected users, in which case the competent notification. wystosujemy
8.
Compensation
Pinteresta if you use for commercial purposes (i.e.
You ain't) without its consent to our consumer conditions for use of services for firms required in section 2 (c) of these conditions, you agree to safeguard and protect the Pinterest europe ltd, its branches and employees, directors and representatives of against any claims,, proceedings, disputes, demands, pozwami commitments, damage, losses costs and expenditure, including the, without a reasonable charges, legal and accounting (including costs defence claims lawsuits, actions brought by a third party) in every possible way associated with your access to our services, your content user or is grounded in the use of them or in violation of any of these conditions.
Put simply
Respondents because of something that if we your company doing on, you'll have to (a) cover Pintereście our costs.
You must also first have to agree to our company founded account and conditions for the use of services for companies.
9.
Disclaimer
Our services and all the contents in are provided in the form of " such Pintereście as they are, " without any guarantee, expressed or implicit.
Pinterest particularly renounces the provision of any, any guarantees and rules for the sale, suitability for any purpose and integrity and all those resulting from the transaction tracing or trade.
Pinterest shall not be liable for any content, which you or other users or the user third parties or send using our services. umieszczacie
User understands and agrees that may be exposed (a) on the user, which are inaccurate, offensive, unsuitable for children or in any other way contrary to expectations.
Consumer if you are resident in the eea, do not rule out or we don't prevent any liability for serious negligence,, death or injury caused by our umyślność negligence or intentional misuse concerned.
Put simply
Unfortunately people often drop things to such services as Pinterest uncool.
We take this seriously, but it may happen that you these content, before we take them out.
Inadequate materials, if you see them to us at this point. report
10.
The limitation of liability
In maximum extent allowable by the law will not be responsible for any intermediate PINTEREST accidental, exceptional, secondary or injury or loss of income, profits or punitive whether it incurred directly or indirectly, to or loss of data, the losses resulting from the use, in good faith or other losses resulting from (a) your intangible access or use or can not use services, (b) any use or putting any third party in the context of services, including, without limitation any ZNIESŁAWIAJĄCEGO, or illegal use of users or third parties offensive or (c) unauthorised access, use or changes in your TRANSMISJACH or content.
In any event, overall responsibility for any claims relating to services can not PINTERESTA exceed one hundred dollars (usd) 100,00.
If wyrządzimy you, and you're living in the consumer injury, these matters shall not apply.,
Instead responsibility Pinteresta will be limited to damage caused by infringement of an essential foreseeable contractual obligations typical of agreements of this type.
Pinterest shall not be liable for damage resulting from breach of any obligation of other existing actions careful intangible.
This limited liability would not apply to liability, which can not be reduced to statutory responsibility for death or injury caused by negligence or intentional misuse concerned, or our to exclude our responsibility for something specially you a promise.
Put simply
We for you has the best possible, but not we can promise that the service will be perfect.
We can't be responsible for a lot of things.
If you think we're responsible for something, let's try to deal with it as adults.
11.
Arbitration
In any case of dispute with you agree first make contact with us Pinterestem and try to solve with us such a dispute. informally
If we need to reach you, we'll do it at e-mail stated on your account Pinterest.
If Pinterest will not be able to resolve a dispute with you by an informal, both parties agree to settle any claims, disputes or (excluding claims for collateral or controversy other fair) under or in connection with the redress these conditions by binding arbitration or (for eligible claims) at the
Small civil cases.
Arbitration is less formal way to deal with disputes from trial.
In arbitration, for example, we are dealing with a neutral instead of a judge or jury and less arbitrem scope of the study the evidence.
Arbitration is also subject to a very limited judicial assessment.
Although this process is more informal, the panel may grant the same compensation and redress as the court.
By agreeing to this conditions of use, do you agree that the u.s. federal law arbitration (u.
P.
Federal Arbitration act will regulate the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and you and the right to trial Pinterest zrzekacie before the grand jury or participation in collective actions.
Arbitrator shall have exclusive competence to resolve any dispute concerning the interpretation, application or feasibility such binding agreement arbitration.
This arbitration clause applies after termination of this agreement and close to your account on Pintereście.
Any arbitraże shall take place under the supervision of american Arbitration association (" aaa "), pursuant to regulation arbitration, except for existing consumer aaa provided for in this document.
Forms this organisation you can find at www.adr.org.
Unless Pinterest you and not otherwise, will be conducted in the municipality of arbitration uzgodnicie (or county), in which zamieszkujesz.
Each party shall be responsible for the fees of each application for aaa, administrative fees and arbitration in accordance with the rules, except when Pinterest will cover aaa in connection with notification administrative fees and arbitration, if a claim for compensation shall not exceed 75 000 usd and is not (according to the standards set out in the framework of the federal ridiculous rules on civil procedure 11 (b)).
If your claim concerns an amount of 10,000 dollars or less, we agree to take by you decide whether arbitration will be conducted on the sole basis of the documents submitted, by telephone or arbitrowi hearings personal, according to the rules aaa.
If claim more than 10,000 dollars, entitled to be heard to be specified in the rules of aaa.
Arbitration regardless of the conduct of the arbitrator shall deliver a reasoned written decision on which the findings and conclusions explaining the essential is based, and any decision regarding the order may be recorded in any court arbitrator zasądzenia of competent jurisdiction.
The provisions of this section shall not prevent any of the parties in compensation by way of order or aim is to ban or other fair compensation before a court in judicial matters of safety data, intellectual property or unauthorised access to the service.
Any lawsuits must be made individually by each party, rather than by way of collective redress for allegedly such, unless the parties agree otherwise PROCEDOWANIA and an arbitrator, more than one person can not consolidate its actions.
You agree that in the framework of agreeing with these conditions you and rights to the process of PINTEREST ZRZEKACIE jury and to participate in respect of collective.
Records these conditions of use shall not affect not surrender legal rights, which you enjoy.
In so far as the claim or dispute regarding our services are not possible to or Pinteresta to arbitrage in accordance with applicable law or otherwise, both you and you agree that any claims or Pinterest disputes concerning will be settled only in accordance with section Pinteresta 12 of these conditions.
Consumer if you're living in the eea, section 11 you none.
12.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
Those conditions should be governed by the law of the state of california without taking into account the rules on conflicts of laws.
Consumer if you're not living in the eea, exclusive jurisdiction place for all disputes arising from this agreement, or in connection with it is county of san francisco, california, or district court of the united states for the northern district california, and will be decided in accordance with the law of such a dispute state of california.
Consumer if you are resident in the eea, does not deprive you of any protecting you in accordance with the law of the country in which you live, or access to the courts in that country.
Put simply
In bay area is beautiful at this time of year.
And is irrelevant, what a time of the year, and this is just great!
Anyway sue us all you can do here.
Within the eea that applies only if you're a salesman, but does not apply, if you're a consumer.
Consumer if you're living in the eea, you can sue us for the national court.
13.
General conditions
Notification procedures and amend these conditions
So we reserve the right to determine the form and to the provision, and you you'll agree to receive notifications of information in electronic form, if it legal to decide.
We change our conditions from time to time, and the most current version will always be published on our website.
If version, according to our recognition, is going to happen, we'll notify you about this. the
By further use, after the entry into force, amendments Pinteresta accept amended conditions.
If you disagree with the new conditions, you have to stop using Pinteresta.
Put simply
If we introduce major changes in our principles, we will inform you about them.
If you don't think you'll find new conditions, you have no longer use Pinteresta.
Assignment
These conditions and any rights and licences granted pursuant to this agreement may not be assigned or allocated by you, but may be assigned by without restriction. Pinteresta
Any attempt to dispose of in violation of this agreement will be outdated.
Consumer if you're living in the eea, both you and you can to dispose of this agreement and any Pinterest rights and licences granted for its power for a third party.
Where Pinterest has made that, you have the right to terminate the contract assignment with immediate effect by deactivating his account.
Pinterest in good time will inform you of this transfer.
The entire agreement / separation provisions
These conditions, together with the principles of privacy and any modification and additional agreements to with, constitute a whole agreement between zawrzesz Pinterestem you and the services offered by him. Pinterestem
If any provision in these conditions will be declared null and void, this provision is removed or limited to the minimum necessary, and the other provisions of these conditions will remain in full power.
No withdrawal
Waiving any of these conditions can not be considered to be in the future from this or another condition of departure and the inability to rights or the obligations arising from the investigation Pinteresta these conditions shall not deviate from this right or order.
The
If you live in the united states, this agreement between you and a Pinterest conditions are inc.,
651 Brannan street, san francisco, ca 94103.
If you're living outside the united states, these conditions are agreement between you and a Pinterest europe ltd.,
Irish company headquartered at: palmerston house, 2nd floor, Fenian street, dublin 2, ireland.
Put simply
Of where you live, depends on who you'll have to deal with.
Entry into force on 1 may 2018
