Conditions under which services
Introduction to the service operating conditions Quora
Welcome! Quora
Here is a short summary of the main elements of the service operating conditions:
Mission Quora is the sharing of knowledge with the whole world.
Platform Quora offers a place to ask questions and connect with the people who offer their unique perspective on the world and high-quality responses.
It allows people to learn from each other and better understanding of the world.
User owns the content, which shall publish; it also acknowledges company and other users platform Quora certain rights Quora and use them. licence
The details of these licence are described in section 3 (c) below.
Are responsible for published content.
This includes making sure that has the right needed to publish these content, and that the content of the user shall not affect the rights of others (for example, in the form of defamation) or any provisions in force.
User republished content from platform may in some other place provided Quora that assigned to them back to platform Quora and respects the rights of, including all indications " original issuer not for processing. "
Company Quora does not support nor verifies content published by users.
Content and materials company are supplied to the user in their original state Quora, without any guarantees.
User sole responsibility for their own use of platform Quora.
Blog posts from lawyers, doctors and other specialists should not be considered as a substitute for professional advice in specific situation.
User agrees to obey the rules platform Quora.
Using Quora platform, user also agrees with conditions for the provision, the rules on privacy and Quora agrees to respect the rules, community rules concerning copyright and the rules regarding trade marks.
Platform Quora offers tools for the transmission of opinion and for complaints.
If you think someone breached its intellectual property rights, the rights or other rules on Quora, may initiate declaration on portal or by means of integrated tools for notification of contact infringements.
We are pleased that you want to join, and we invite you to discover the platform Quora full of conditions for the provision.
Conditions under which services Quora
Last updated: 23 october 2018.
Welcome! Quora
Quora this platform for sharing knowledge, allowing people learning from others and a better understanding of the world.
This conditions under which services (" the conditions to provide services ') (" the agreement ") determine agreement between the operator and the company, inc. (Quora "
Company Quora ").
They regulate the use of products and services, which the company offers through its website and applications Quora (together). " " platform Quora
User should read them, because using the platform, agrees to these conditions. Quora
The platform Quora
Mission Quora platform is the sharing of knowledge with the whole world.
Platform Quora offers a place to ask questions and communicate with people, who offer their unique perspective on the world and high-quality responses.
It allows people to learn from each other and better understanding of the world.
Use platform Quora
Who can benefit from it.
Using platform by persons below the age of 13 Quora is prohibited.
User declares that he is aged at least in the jurisdiction in which he lives, pełnoletnim and if not, its parent or guardian must agree to these conditions to provide services and confirm that accepts this agreement on behalf of the user and is responsible for its use of the platform.
Registration.
During configuration profile on the user will be asked to use certain information Quora about yourself.
User agrees to give us accurate information, including his real name, while creating accounts on the Quora.
Company Quora will treat the information given by the user during the registration as set out in rules on privacy.
Caution should be exercised when confidentiality password.
Rules on privacy.
Practice privacy companies are set out in the rules on privacy. Quora
Platform Quora is subject to rules on the use of privacy.
Rules of procedure of the community.
In interaction with other platform agrees follow the user Quora privacy in any situation.
Notice.
User can close account at any time, turning to account settings and excluding them.
Company Quora may close or suspend the account user if he break any rules of the Quora in force on or for any other reason. Quora
Quora changes in the platform.
Company Quora is always trying to improve impression from access to the platforms Quora.
Sometimes must for that purpose, add or change the functions and can do it without notice.
Opinions.
Company Quora welcomes the views of users and suggestions for improving platform Quora.
Opinions should be sent to address quora.com / contact.
By its opinion, the user agrees to company, according to its discretion, Quora rights to use, disclosure and other use opinion, in whole or in part, for the restrictions and without remuneration for the user.
The content of the user
Definition of the user.
Platform Quora allows adding posts, texts, photographs, films, links and files in order to make available to other people.
All materials which user shall, publishes or through other displays will be referred to collectively as " platform Quora content " user.
User acknowledges and agrees that, in the use of the platform, the content of the user may be consulted by Quora general audience.
Property.
User licensor or, where appropriate, retain ownership user copyright and other intellectual property to its content, with the exception of the rights granted to the company referred to below. niewyłącznych Quora
Licence and licence reproduction of the user.
By, or on the content of the user either with user company and its Quora Quora grants, global free to affiliated entities niewyłącznego, fully paid-up, subject to (at various levels, zbywalnego sub-licensing thing), licences to use, copying, reproduction, processing, adjustment, modify, creating works derived, transmission, storage, display publishing and dissemination, translation, communication and provision of publicly, as well as by other means the use of content in connection with maintenance or use platform user or promotion, advertising or marketing Quora platform or its business partners in all media Quora or methods of distribution (now known or developed later).
User agrees that this licence includes the company to provide the content of the user to other firms, Quora organisations, business partners or to cooperating with the company to syndykacji, transmission Quora communication and public access, distribution or publication of content on the user or through other media or methods Quora distribution.
This licence also includes the right of other users platform to use, copying, reproduction, Quora adapting, modification, create works of derivatives, transmission, distribution, display and publication of translation, communication and public access to the content of the user, is subject to conditions service Quora.
User if he doesn't want his answers were translated by other users, may exclude option for all its reply in the settings of its translation profile or some of the answers that were not detected may be.
After publication of the answer to the question the user may at any time edit or remove its response from public view at http: / / www.quora.com, with the exception of answers. '
Company Quora, however, may not be able to control the removal of response from displayed on channels or other earlier distributed outside www.quora.com. syndykowanych methods
Company Quora may remove the content of the suspected of being spam with the response of the user.
Published question may be at any time edited or by other users or company Quora removed.
Any introduced by the user changes can be seen by other users.
Right Quora copying, display, transmission company, publishing, exercise, distribution, storage, modification and use of otherwise each set out by the questions and grant sub-licences at these rights to another is and irrevocable, within a maximum permitted wieczyste by legal provisions, except otherwise specified in this agreement.
User acknowledges and agrees that the company can maintain content, as well as the user Quora may disclose the content of the user and related information, if this is required by law or in good faith, that such behaviour or disclosure is justified in order to: (a) compliance with the legal procedures, the existing legal provisions or applications government; (b) enforcement of these conditions under which services; (c) answering it is found that any of the content of the user infringe the rights of external actors; (d) detection, prevention or in a different way of dealing with fraud, safety or technical matters; or (e) the protection of the law, property or the personal security of company, its users or audience. Quora
User expresses understanding that the company may adjust, adapt or create works Quora derivatives, content in order to transmit, display or user disseminate them in the computer networks, in equipment, among service providers and on different mediums.
Can at any time to remove or refuse to user publication whole or in part the content.
User gives to consent and authorisation Quora in addition to act as a representative in order to take enforcement action against niewyłącznego unauthorised use by external actors content user outside platform or against the abuse of the service operating conditions. Quora
User liability for its contents.
Tweeting their content on the platform, user and guarantees that Quora declares: (i) has the right of ownership or has obtained all necessary licences or permits from any necessary to benefit from the parties, the content and to grant the right to use the content in accordance with the user Quora provisions of this agreement and (ii) publication of content user is without prejudice to intellectual property or personal rights of others or any applicable law or regulations.
User has full responsibility for the violations of intellectual property or personal property avoiding others or infringements of the laws and regulations in connection with the content of the user.
User bears responsibility for that its contents do not infringe community rules concerning copyright, of rules on trade marks, or any other published rules or other existing provisions or regulations. Quora
User agrees to support any royalties, pay royalties and any other measures due to any person in respect of the content of the user.
Content and materials company Quora
Definition content and materials company Quora.
All intellectual property on the platform or associated with her (in particular Quora, inter alia, software, characters, but excluding Quora logo Quora content user) is owned by Quora inc.
And its subsidiaries and associates or the content of the published by other users, which have been on a company licensed Quora (including referred to as " content and Quora materials company. " Quora
Data.
All data collected by the company (" data ") on Quora benefit from platform by the user or other persons are owned by Quora company inc., Quora
Its subsidiaries and associates.
For reasons of clarity, figures do not include the content of the user and are separate from the content and materials company. Quora
License Quora companies for the user.
Company Quora grants restricted the licence, and non-exclusive user access to the content and materials and data made available on the company in connection with the Quora Quora use of the platform, subject to the conditions of this agreement. Quora
Company Quora provides a worldwide, free,, and the licence odwołalną nieprzenoszalną niewyłączną publishing its content and materials anywhere in the network, provided that: (a) the content has been added to the platform Quora after 22 april 2010.; (
(B) the user, which created content, not assigned to clearly content as not intended for processing on the Quora; (c) the user does not modify the content; (d) user assigned to the platform in the form of clear text and through Quora link available for human and machine (tag: < and >), anchor html referring to the original source content on the internet http: wyświetlającej / / quora.com on each side, which contains the content and materials company; (e) at the request of the company Quora Quora or other user you delete user name of content, which the user and made anonymous; (f) at the request of firms or user, who has contributed to Quora of content, the user shall, to update a defined volume of the contents of reasonable efforts to the latest version on the Quora; and (g) on request or user, who has contributed to Quora of content, the user will attempt to remove the content, which have been removed a reasoned or marked as not intended for processing on the platform; (h) the user does not publish Quora more than a small part of the content and materials belonging to the company Quora.
When using those powers, the user can not implicitly or public claim any links, or support from the company Quora or sponsorship any user platform without divisional, explicit prior written consent Quora from the company Quora.
Company Quora can solve a licence to the at any time for any reason.
Company Quora shall have the right, but is not required to refuse the dissemination of any content on the platform or disposal content. Quora
Except rights and licences granted under these conditions, the company Quora reserves any other rights and does not grant any other rights or licence, implicit or any other.
Authorised uses.
If user makes use of search engines, job web, tools for web scrapingu, bot tools for data mining, tools for the collection of multipack, tools or similar tools for collecting or extraction wget data can have access to platforms, subject to the following additional rules: Quora and) must use descriptive header; (ii) must always adhere to the client application text file; (iii) its access can not robots.txt adversely affect any aspect of the functioning of the platform; and (iv) the operator must explain Quora, how to contact him, either in the application or customer on its website, where it is.
Lack of support or verification.
It should be remembered that the access to the content of products and contains Quora services outside bodies, and offers interaction with external parties.
Presence or availability on the platform does not imply support or verification by the company Quora Quora.
Company Quora does not grant any guarantee or statements concerning the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of any content published on the platform by anyone. Quora
Property.
User acknowledges and agrees that the content and materials companies remain the property of users or company Quora Quora Quora.
Content information and services made available on the platform are protected by copyright, trademarks Quora and other provisions of the united states and international, and the user takes note that these rights are important and feasible.
Service provider integrated
User may include other internet service provider, such as social network (" service provider "), so as to be integrated immediately with a user on the Quora integrated.
Including integrated service user enables us to transmit and receive data from the integrated service providers and other user login.
For more information on the use, storage and disclosure by the company information related to the user and the use of Quora integrated services in, read with our principles Quora privacy.
Be aware that the use of any integrated service provider and its own data processing and information is only his service conditions, rules on privacy and other rules.
More information about some of the offers on the Quora
Quora digest.
After registration with the service includes receive messages from digest Quora questions and answers which Quora may be of interest of the user.
User may decide not to receive messages and adjust the other settings communication Quora digest turning to settings e-mail and notification in profile, as described in the rules on account of privacy.
Advertising.
Platform Quora may include advertising, which may be aimed at the content or information on the platform, query sent through platforms Quora or other information, in order to adapt Quora them to the user.
Types and the advertising on the platform may be affected. Quora
Given Quora company that provides access to and use of it, user platform Quora agrees that the company and its external suppliers and partners may Quora put such advertisements on the platform Quora.
If you want to be, will have to conclude with a company reklamodawcą a separate agreement with the additional conditions for the provision Quora advertising on the Quora.
Legal, medical and other professional contributors.
Publikujący content of some of the users are members of the legal professions, medical and other licensed (including the " professional ") contributors of occupations.
Content given by professional should not be considered as a substitute for advice of the joint authors professional relevant to the specific situation.
Company Quora claims that a particular language provided templates can edit and take into account their professional contributors responses.
Ethical differ depending on the country or the location and the obligation of professional is to establish and the relevant legal statements of the joint authors for their profession and provided the content.
Buttons links and widgets.
User is entitled to use a button, links and, subject to these conditions Quora widgets platform to provide services (including zrzeczeń and limitations on the liability) and provided that: (a) the use of such buttons, and is only for Quora widgets links; (b) the user will not in any way modify such buttons, links widgets or related; (c) user code will not use these buttons, links or in any way widgets suggesting that supports, is about to sponsor or cause website Quora on which used are the buttons and widgets; and (d) links the use of such buttons, links and the website on which used and widgets are the buttons, ropes and shall not affect community Quora. widgets)
Resources network and services by external actors.
Platform Quora may also offer the possibility to visit links to other websites or interaction with the products or services by external actors.
User assumes all the risk arising from the use of such sites or resources.
Services requiring a separate agreement.
Some functions and / or services may require conclusion of a separate and complementary written agreement before use.
Reporting of violations of intellectual property rights, rules or existing legislation on Quora
Company Quora has a special process reporting intellectual property offences or other infringements of the rules in force in Quora rules. or
Rules concerning copyright and the rules on trade marks.
Company Quora adopted and implemented rules concerning copyright and the rules relating to trade marks.
For more information, including detailed information about how request removal if you think the content on the break its intellectual property rights, should be Quora read our rules on copyright and the rules on trade marks.
For convenience user company shall provide the following the claim form for violation of Quora copyright and form claims under trade mark, which should be used, where appropriate, in order to processing as quickly as possible.
Declaration other infringements.
If user considers content in the platform are incompatible with the community Quora Quora or otherwise affecting the applicable law (in addition to the copyright infringements or trademarks) or other rules on Quora may send the following claim form in respect of other infringements.
Company Quora is not obliged to remove content that user personally can take inappropriate or offensive.
Company Quora shall make every effort to react quickly to the request to remove, in accordance with its rules and the content of the current legislation.
An indemnity and limitation of liability
26 read the following part, because it determines the responsibility of restrictions against the. QUORA
" Actors ' means the company inc. QUORA QUORA
And all subsidiaries association related entities, suppliers, and partners and officers, directors, LICENCJODAWCÓW employers, agents and representatives of each of them.
Each listed below provision is applicable to the maximum under the current legislation extent allowable.
Company QUORA shall offer the user, together with its content and materials QUORA platform and the ability to communicate with other users on the basis of the principle of ' in the state in which it is " and " where available, " without any guarantee, the explicit or tacit.
Without reducing this record clearly exclude any guarantees and conditions of operators QUORA suitability, accuracy and completeness, trade, for the continuing or services, suitability for use, a specific BEZBŁĘDNEJ enjoyment, and any guarantees arising from handling or not harming the use of the trade.
Company QUORA shall not for explicitly excludes any promises and responsibility for: (i) the content provided by any user or an external entity; (ii) to any website an external body, the product or service of an external body external listed or available under the platform, including an integrated service provider or professional QUORA WSPÓŁAUTORA; (iii) quality or investigation of any external by the user in connection with the use of NAPOTKANEGO platform; or (iv) QUORA access, use or to amend. NIEAUTORYZOWANY
Company QUORA does not provide any guarantee that: (a), the platform will user requirements; (b) QUORA platform will work continuously, right on time, safely QUORA or flawlessly; (c) the results or information, which the user can obtain while using the platform, advice or any other professional WSPÓŁAUTORA QUORA are correct or user; or (d) any reliable quality products, services, information or other material obtained or purchased by the user by platform will be satisfactory. QUORA
User agrees that a the extent permitted by law, entities companies will not be liable to the user on the basis of QUORA theory of responsibility.
Without restricting this record, user agrees that in the maximum permitted by law, operators will not be responsible for any particularly QUORA indirect damage, accidental, resulting, specific or examples of, injury, profit, distortion of business continuity losses reputation or loss of data (even if the company was informed about the possibility of such damage or QUORA such damage are predictable) arising from or in any way related to the use or impossible to benefit from the platform QUORA.
Exclusive counter-measure to dissatisfaction with the use of the platform is stepping out of the use of the platform QUORA QUORA.
Without restricting this record, the maximum responsibility for loss or damage which user QUORA will suffer in connection with the use of platforms or with this agreement is limited to QUORA amounts paid for the companies in connection with the QUORA not earlier than 12 months before the platform QUORA action which commits to accountability.
Some jurisdictions do not permit the restrictions or exclusions responsibility for certain types of implicit guarantees damage.
As a result, these restrictions or exclusion may not be applicable to the user, in whole or in part and the sections (c), 8 8 (d) and 8 (e) shall not apply to the people of new jersey, to the extent that the injury suffered by the people of the state of new jersey are the result of negligence, fraud, lack of prudence or intended harmful effect companies QUORA.
Compensation
User agrees release secure and defend entities against any claims and the costs of external Quora (including legitimate lawyers) or related: honorariami resulting) and the use of the platform, (ii) content user Quora (iii) the interaction or treatment by the users other platforms or (iv) breach of any part of this Quora agreement.
Company Quora immediately informs the user of any such claim and will provide him (at his own expense) reasoned aid in defence of the claim.
User will company part of the defense and will not deal with Quora any such claim without prior written approval of Quora.
Company Quora reserves the right, at its own expense, to take over the defence against all things in the exclusive another case would be compensated by the user.
In this case, the user will not be further obligation to defend in this matter. company Quora
Settlement of disputes
This agreement and any developments arising from the use of the platform will be subject to the law of california regardless Quora on opposite law of the country or state of residence of the user.
Unless is to arbitration as set out in the following subparagraph any claims, legal proceedings or disputes arising in connection with the use of the platform shall be handled only county Quora santa clara, california, and the user agrees to jurisdiction and location of such courts and renounces the objecting to rules forum non conveniens.
In case of any claims (excluding claims for an injunction or other right compensation) based on this agreement, which is less than the total amount of compensation requested 10,000 dollars, the party requesting an exemption may decide to resolve the dispute by means of a binding arbitration on nieopartego stawiennictwie.
Page wybierająca such through established supplier arbitration will start arbitrage alternative dispute resolution mutually agreed by the parties.
Supplier alternative dispute resolution and parties must respect the following principles: (a) arbitration will be conducted by telephone, via the internet or solely on the basis of written submissions, according to the choice by the initiating arbitrage; (b) shall not cover any arbitration by the parties or witnesses appear in person, unless the parties otherwise mutually agreed; and (c) any judgment arbitrator may be issued in any court competent.
General conditions
Changes in these conditions.
Company Quora may change this agreement (including any rules, such as the rules on privacy, rules of community, the rules governing copyright and rules concerning trade marks which are included in this agreement) at any time, at their sole discretion.
If Quora material conditions of this agreement, the company will change such a change will apply from the time of dispatch to the user of the revised agreement. the
Such notification will be sent at the sole discretion of companies, and by the notification may be e.g. Quora
E-mail notification sent on the platform or by other means. Quora
User can look at agreement and guiding principles any time here.
Eliminate account or to stop the use of the lack of by the user after notification of Quora platform change will be the acceptance of the changed circumstances.
If user does not agree to changes or any of the conditions of this agreement, the only counter-measure is to remove the account or ending the use of platform Quora.
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
User agrees that acts on the territory of the united states, and Quora for her only established is considered to be california office as a service for the purposes of analysis jurisdictional passive.
For claims where arbitrage does not apply, the user agrees that such claims will be brought before the court, the federal or state county santa clara, california, and will be subject to the state of california and federal law, notwithstanding any conflict-of-law rules.
Use outside the united states.
Company Quora expressly renounces the statements or any guarantees that the platform is compatible with all applicable rules and Quora regulations outside the territory of the united states.
If user makes use of the platform outside the united states, understand and accept Quora that is responsible for the establishment of compliance with different rules, regulations or practice, which may be applicable in connection with the use of the platform Quora.
Exports.
Platform Quora is controlled and served in offices companies in the united states in the state of california. Quora
Software Quora is export control of the united states.
Software Quora can not be collected or no in any other way exported or exported in breach of the rules in force again the laws and regulations.
User declares that it is not (1) in the country of the u.s. government or designated by the us government now we as a country " supporting " and (2) terrorism is not listed on any list of banned or restricted the us government.
Applications and mobile devices.
If user accesses platform through applications, confirms Quora Quora that this agreement is concluded only between him and the company, and not with another service provider Quora applications or applications (such as the supplier of the platform apple inc.
Or google inc.)
That can provide application under their own conditions.
In so far as the user accesses platform via mobile device may continue Quora standard fees, charges for data transport mobile network operator and other charges.
Survival.
Follows will remain in force after the expiry or termination of this agreement: section 2 (e) (termination), 2 (g) (opinions), section 3 (content), section 4 (a) the user-(b) and (d)-(f) (content and materials company), section 8 (Quora exclusion from liability and the limitation of liability), section 9 (compensation), section 10 (dispute resolution) and section 11 (general conditions).
Note for the users of the state of california.
In accordance with section 1789.
3 civil code state of california internet users in california, are entitled to the following specific notification of consumer rights: platform ensures the company inc., Quora Quora
Located in mountain view, california.
If you have questions or complaints on the platform, please contact the company Quora at Quora support @ quora.com.
People california state may contact the consumer information at 1625 n.
Market blvd.,
Suite S-202, sacramento, california or telephone under number (916) 95834 or (800) or for 445-1254 952-5210 patients with impaired hearing tdd (800) or tdd (916) 322-1700 326-2297.
End users to the government.
All software and associated documentation are " Quora objects, " according to the definition of commercial term in article 48 (2) cfr.
101 consisting of " commercial computer software " and " documents, " according to the definitions commercial computer software those time limits in articles 48 (cfr respectively 12.
212 or 48 cfr paragraph 227.
7202.
Respectively cfr in accordance with articles 48 paragraph 12.
212 or 48 cfr paragraph 227.
7202-1 to 227.
7202-4 commercial computer software and documentation commercial computer software are licensed for end users of the u.s. government: (i) only as objects commercial; and (ii) only with those rights, which have been granted to all other end-users in accordance with this agreement.
Transmission.
User scedować or pass this agreement (can not or any of their rights or obligations arising from this agreement) without prior written approval of Quora; any attempt to or transfer without the use of this assignment will be declared null and void.
Company Quora may freely or transmit this agreement cedować
This agreement is valid and is binding on the parties and their respective representatives of legal successors in title and cesjonariuszy.
Electronic communications.
User agrees to receive from the company e-mail in accordance with this agreement and Quora applicable law.
User acknowledges and agrees that all agreements, the notification and disclosure other information which the company provides it with electronically, will meet Quora all legal requirements for written communication.
All contract / clause salwatoryjna.
This agreement replaces all the previous conditions, contract, discussions and letters about platform and represents the entire contract between the operator and Quora company platform (except on Quora Quora services, which require a separate written agreement, beyond this agreement).
If any of the provisions of this agreement proves impossible, then this provision shall not affect the workability other provisions of the agreement, which will remain in full power.
Interpretation.
When interpreting or interpretation of this agreement: (i) the headings of the conditions of this agreement, and they should not be udogodnieniu serve only to take into account and (ii) should not be used any allegations for the benefit of any of the parties in connection with its role in developing advisers of this agreement.
Notification.
All notifications required pursuant to this agreement or permitted, unless otherwise specified in this agreement, they must be sent in writing as follows, in order to be considered valid: (i) if the user, by the company, via e-mail to the address Quora linked to account user, and (ii) if the company, by the user, to address legal Quora @ quora.com.
Notification will be considered as communicated, (a) if they are for the user, in the case of sending mail, and (b) if they are e-mail for the company, at the time of removal by the firm Quora Quora messages.
Relations.
This agreement does not create a company of the agency, or other forms of partnership joint venture between the operator and the company Quora.
Except clearly set out in this agreement, neither party has the right, the power and authority to the creation of any commitments or obligations, clear, on behalf of the other party. or implicit
Surrender.
No surrender any conditions shall not be considered further or continuing surrender such conditions, or any other conditions.
A lack of investigation by the company law or the provisions under this agreement Quora will not represent the waiving that right or order.
Further assurances.
User agrees to printing paper version of this agreement and any other documents and to take any action on the house, of which it may ask the Quora to confirm and the implementation of the this agreement and any rights or obligations user arising from this agreement.
Contact.
User may contact with us at / contact for any questions concerning quora.com these conditions.
Quora corporation, established at 650 delaware is castro street, suite 450, mountain view, ca 94041.
