Please accurate to learn more about the content of this document prior to the start of the use of software or products or sites skype
The main points
A user to read and understand this document in its entirety, as this is essential from his point of view.
This document contains, however, a few key points, which needs special attention:
Lack of access to emergency telephone number: software is not a substitute ordinary mobile phones or fixed.
In particular, in addition to a very limited number of situations referred to in point 5.
6 of the staff (applicable only to software messaging companies), software can not establish skype connections with phone numbers alarm.
In order to secure able to establish if need be, emergency call should be made to the availability of alternative solutions of telecommunications.
Restrictions: in some countries there are restrictions on the use of software.
Are responsible for checking whether the law allows it to benefit from software in his place of residence.
No ownership rights to the numbers: if a company skype assigns (previously known as the " user number skype number ") or the number it web user does not become skype its owner nor will get the rights of him forever.
Company skype may at some time to amend or receive numbers assigned to the user.
The user can not move or try to transfer its number or the number it on any skype skype another person.
User must check that meets the requirements for the allocation of numbers presented in the purchase of number-otherwise the number may be skype received.
See also section 19.
1.
Measures posted to skype become after 180 days: after inactive accounts should be noted that measures doładowaniu skype posted to skype become disabled when inactivity 180 days.
See also section 9.
2.
Arbitration clause and renunciation of the right to participate in respect of collective: if the user is a resident of the united states and select the payments by mobile phone (see section 20), clause binding arbitration and surrender the right to participate in respect of collective will have an impact on the rights of users to the resolution of disputes with the company skype, its partners or other third parties, including afiliacyjnymi mobile telephone operators.
Read carefully the with point 20.
3.
1.
Agreement between the operator and the skype
1.
1 messaging software company (" software to internet communication " skype), other software " (" software " brand skype "), software brand " Qik skype " (" ") and the associated documentation (software Qik in paper form or electronic), including any modifications, extensions, amendments, ulepszeniami updates, and new versions of " updates " (uaktualnieniami) made available free of charge or for a fee (known as " software ") is pooled supplied to the user on a licence (and not sold) by the company skype software sàrl.
1.
2 functions and products made available free of charge by software (excluding products and made available free of charge was a test () function " the products ') shall be supplied to the user free of charge by the skype software sàrl.
1.
3 any additional products and functions of software or software, as well as other skype Qik products brands " " and " skype, " for which pays user (Qik including products and functions made available free of charge was a test) (" the products '), shall be supplied to the user, payable by the company skype communications sàrl.
1.
4 " site " means an internet site, skype (operator of both sites www.skype.com www.qik.com is firm skype) and any other communications sàrl websites authorised by the company skype, which contain a link to this regulation.
1.
5 " skype ' means depending on context: company skype, 23-29 rives de software sàrl clausen, luxembourg, luxembourg or the skype L-2165 sarl, 23-29 communications rives de clausen, luxembourg, luxembourg L-2165;
The term " products " means products free of charge and mature; products together
" User ' means the registered holder user accounts (described in section 6.
1), which is the licensee pursuant to this regulation.
1.
6 contract between the operator and the company consists of the provisions set out in this skype document, rules set out in this document and proper use of additional regulations listed in section 14 (called together "). " the
On any discrepancy between the principles of proper use or regulations and this additional document shall apply the provisions of this document.
2.
Acceptance of
2.
1 in order to redraw software and / or make use of software products or websites, user must accept this regulation first skype.
The user can accept the rules of procedure by: (a) clicking in order to accept it or to express its consent; (b) the collection and / or the use of software, products or websites skype.
Printing copies) of the rules for use in the future we recommend.
This regulation shall apply from the date of its acceptance until notice him by the user or a company in accordance with point 11. skype
2.
2 user can not accept the regulation, if: (a) shall not be entitled to benefit from the software products or sites in accordance with the law of the country in which the skype is or lives; or (b) did not reach the age for access to conclusion binding agreement with the company skype.
2.
3 in some countries, products may be supplied by the local partner companies skype.
In this case, local companies may ask the user to accept partner skype its own provision of services (" local " rules of procedure)).
On any discrepancy between this regulation and this regulation applies local local staff.
3.
Changes in the rules
3.
1 company may at some time amend skype these rules.
Such changes will be published by the company skype at / it / www.skype.com. tou
Change proper use and / or additional rules will appear in appropriate site regulations skype.
Changes are since their publication.
Please regular checking).
User acknowledges and confirms that a clear regulation or the use of software products, acceptance and / or after the date of the publication of the regulation is updated websites skype agreed to these rules of procedure.
If user does not consent to the amended rules may result ratio him with a company in accordance with point binding skype 11 below.
4.
License
4.
1 licence.
Provided comply with this regulation is free, a licence without a limited user exclusive right, the possibility of transferring a licence or licensing other people to download and install software for personal computer, on the phone or other device, as well as on cellular personal use of software by their own account user or user account " (" skype Qik).
In order to avoid doubt: (a) administrators it acting on behalf of companies can download and install software on computers, or other equipment skype used by staff companies; (b) the user is entitled to use the software for a university or other educational institution, as well as at work.
Company skype reserves all rights, which were not expressly granted to the operator in accordance with this regulation.
4.
2 restrictions.
User acknowledges that he must not:
(A) grant licences, are, transfer, export, import,, dzierżawić wypożyczać, disseminate, delegate or otherwise granted to third parties rights relating to the software;
(B) to take, cause, agree or to carry out modifications, the creation of derivatives authorise or improvements translation, reproduction,,, to dekompilacji deasemblacji, violations of, or accession to discover emulowania attempts to discovery source code or protocols software or any parts thereof, or function (except to the extent permitted by law);
(C) remove, cover or change the copyright information or other property rights contained in the software.
(D) use of software (or any part thereof) within the framework of commercial products or services or to supply such products or services to third parties or cause it to happen.
These provisions do not exclude the use of software by the user for its own communication business without prejudice to point 4.
1 above;
(E) use of software in other ways than through their own user account-none that function downloading and installing.
4.
3 technologies of third parties.
For software initially installed in products, equipment, software or equipment other companies (" technology of third parties '), embedded in it, combined, master or used with them or by not collected user acknowledges and agrees that: (a) may be necessary to conclude a separate licence agreement for the use of technology third parties with an appropriate third party which owns or technology licensor; (b) certain products and / or functions may not be available by technologies of third parties; (c) the company can not guarantee that software skype will always be available in technologies third parties or in conjunction with them.
4.
4 information on software other businesses.
Software may contain code to other companies to which the licence is granted by the company skype under this agreement, and not by another company.
Information relating to the code, if at all is made available to other companies, are purely for information.
Licences other companies with which it is linked scripts software or to which it refers, are to be provided by other companies owners, and not by the company of such a code skype.
5.
Use of software products and websites skype
5.
1 equipment: to benefit from the software products and user needs broadband internet connection.
Are responsible for ensuring that all the equipment required for access to the internet or needed for communication, e.g.
Słuchawkowego set), a microphone, a webcam.
5.
2 use of user: messaging software can use of computing power, memory and throughput online computer (or other suitable device) user only in order to facilitate communication and the implementation of the connections between the users of the software messaging.
If the use of software for internet communications depends on the use and throughput online belonging to processor of a third party or located under its control, the user acknowledges and agrees that granted him to use software messaging license requires that user is authorised by relevant third party for such use.
By accepting this regulation user and guarantees that such consent has been declares.
5.
3 software updates: the company can automatically check what skype version of the software skype uses a user.
For user can download or otherwise used updates, may be necessary to give consent to an updated version of this regulation.
Company skype, there is no obligation to make available any update.
Skype may however: (a) require the user to downloading and installing update; or (b) for some time and updates, as far as automatically restore installed (user did not settings), that he doesn't want software klienckiego skype receive automatic update.
, Microsoft or its partners and subsidiaries may also automatically restore afiliacyjni updates for software for windows, skype identified that if the user wants to receive updates of microsoft.
These updates are required to comply software update or amendments as well as the provision of security offer new elements, function or version.
User must agree to receive such updates from the company in order to continue skype, use of software, as well as agree to adopt skype such updates pursuant to this regulation.
5.
4 suspension, technical improvements and maintenance possibility: the may periodically carry out maintenance or skype introduce software upgrades, products or websites or infrastructure to use skype software products or websites skype.
Therefore company skype may temporarily suspend or restrict the use of some or all elements of the software products or websites pending the completion of maintenance and / or skype introduction of updating.
If the problem does not require urgent intervention, the company will publish in advance of the date and time of skype such suspension or restrictions, to the extent possible to predict, on skype.
User has no right to claim compensation for such suspension or limitation of the use of software products or websites skype.
5.
5 lack of access to emergency telephone number: products and software are not intended for handling or the connections with the emergency call hospitals, law enforcement authorities, units ambulance or other types of services that combine user with staff emergency services or emergency centres (" the emergency services ").
There are important differences between the traditional telephony services and products.
User acknowledges and accepts that: (i) the company is not required under the current skype local or national rules, regulations, or to provide connections to the phone numbers set alarm; (ii) the user is responsible for the purchase, regardless of the products, traditional (mobile or wireless line telephone services, which provide access to emergency phone numbers; and that (iii) software and products do not replace the underlying telephony used by the user.
More information on the dial the european emergency number 112 can be found at www.skype.com / him / emergency.
5.
6 limited connection to phone numbers (only software for internet communications-alarm does not apply to software Qik)
5.
6.
1 in a very limited number of countries, and only in the case referred to version of the software to internet communication and platforms company skype is trying to provide services limited connections with the emergency call as a function of, but may not autonomous in this respect, make any commitments.
Click here to show the list of countries (" countries ') and supported version of the software and other platforms (" "), where the rated versions are possible limited connection to the emergency call numbers by skype.
Connection with emergency telephone number by skype are not available for any other countries, version and platforms.
User should have your wireless () or cellular traditional telephony services to make connections with przewodowymi emergency services and make use of the limited connections with emergency phone numbers by skype only as a last resort.
In particular, attention should be paid to the following issues:
(I) an interruption in the current, or failure of battery or internet connection dopływie may lead to a merger by skype, including the connection with the numbers of emergency telephone number, are not met.
In addition, any restrictions on quality referred to in points 5.
9 below may otherwise impede the establishment of a successful connection.
(Ii) the connection to the telephone carried out using software messaging alarm in operated country (where this possibility is available) may not be in the same priority as the made using traditional wireless (mobile or fixed telephone services.
(Iii) if the user will receive connection to the telephone alarm should provide emergency telephone operator your physical location, allowing the rescue response to notification and finding appropriate user.
If you will be asked to this information, but she won't give, notes that its connection with the emergency telephone number may not be effective and will not be able to access the required services using software messaging rescue.
Company skype in such a situation does not bear any liability for failed to connect to a telephone number user alarm system.
(Iv) with the exception of operated countries and drive versions company skype does not offer connections with limited phone numbers in the land and by means of any alarm products or in conjunction with them or using any platforms, equipment, services or operating systems (including any products, platforms, equipment, services or operating systems developed by third parties using interface api skype, companies or otherwise of companies sdk skype).
5.
6.
2 operated in countries should be configure connections with emergency telephone number, function limited numbers lodge your default location for connections with phone numbers on the alert for messaging software settings in talks on the computer (if benefiting from version 4.
1 or newer for windows either version 2.
8 or greater for mac os x).
User responsible for the correctness of the information on the location and for their updating for change in the physical location of the user.
Company skype does not support the connections with phone numbers in most countries alarm in the world.
In countries which are supported limited connection to phone numbers alert company will not charge for skype with the numbers of emergency telephone number, and opening connections user need not have measures on account skype.
If country, however, is not supported for limited user connections with numbers emergency telephone number, user should not try to establish any connections with phone numbers using the software to internet communication and alarm has adopted note of it.
If user account is used with the consent of the user by another person, the user must give that person of the limitations on the availability of connections with numbers emergency telephone number.
5.
7 content media: the company is not a source of transfers pursued by skype software, is not working or doesn't approve of, as well as their is not responsible for their content.
Using software user acknowledges that any provided by him content may be sent to the transferee.
For content media responsibility and was only person.
This means that the user may reach offensive, illegal content harmful to minors, obscene, considered to be inappropriate for other reasons or obscene.
Heading transfers may be protected by intellectual property rights of third parties.
User responsible for content, which shall forward or to which has access using the software.
Specifically responsible for ensuring that user will not be materials: (i) forwards protected by copyright, commercial secrecy, or subject to otherwise property rights of third parties, including the right to privacy and right to image, unless it is owner of such rights or have their consent; (ii) false legitimate owner or misleading; (iii) an abusive, illegal, harmful to minors, obscene,, containing threats, defamatory oszczerczych pornographic, the hatred, for reasons of an abusive napastliwych racial or ethnic, to encourage behaviour regarded as crime or resulting for liability, infringing any right to trigger or considered to be inappropriate for other reasons; (iv) containing advertising or business; or (v) offer suggesting that someone else is their author.
Company skype reserves the right to browse content in to ensure their compliance with this regulation, however, there is no such obligation.
Company skype may at its discretion to block media, prevent it from supplying or content of the discard it within the framework of measures aimed at protecting software products and customers, or otherwise enforce compliance with this regulation.
Company skype may also at its own discretion delete the content and / or denounce this procedure and remove user account if the user uses the content of this regulation. affecting
5.
8 notification and removal if the company is informed of the fact that any skype materials, communicated to appear, made available and / or edited hostowane published on the skype or through (except for transfers (private) software " material ") are inadequate or infringe the rights of user with third parties or if the company opts for any reason to remove materials skype user, the company reserves the right to automatic skype the removal of such materials user for any reason, immediately or within based on companies, which may according to the sole discretion of skype at some time evolve.
Materials user will be removed without any recognition of liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies and opportunity to defend, which are hereby explicitly reserved.
User notes and accepts that the company is not in any way obliged to skype restore such materials at any time. user
If materials users (including the user infringe the rights of intellectual property rights) or are unlawful or user considers that is to be contacted immediately with the company, in accordance with the procedure of notification and skype disposal.
To make the notification and disposal, click here.
Company skype reserves the right to check the identity of the user and require further information in order to verify the application.
User acknowledges that the sole responsibility for the consequences of complex notification (including, inter alia, deletion or blocking material) and user accepts that confirms and any notification may be used in legal proceedings.
Any false, misleading or incorrect information provided by the user may result in a spoonful him to civil and criminal liability.
5.
9 quality: the company can not guarantee that software, skype products or site will always operate smoothly, skype delays or errors.
On quality of communication and use software products (depending on the used products) or sites may be influenced by many factors that may skype cause errors in communication, including, inter alia: local network, firewall, internet service provider, the public internet, public telephone network and power. komutowana
Company skype is not liable for distortion of interruption or delay caused by accident or disadvantage any of these elements or other components, which are beyond its control.
5.
10 changes in products: the constantly software and products and may skype improves intermittently change also in order to maintain their technical properties compliance with the law.
Therefore user takes note of and accepts that the products and functions may at intervals evolve. software
Technical requirements for the use of products and software and descriptions of the functions are available on skype.
If you do not agree to the changes in software and products, may be binding him with a ratio in accordance with point 11 skype.
In order to benefit from certain products may be necessary to update them to the new version.
User also takes note of and accepts that certain products may be subject to restrictions on use or restrictions, which may at some time geographical vary.
Detailed information on the current limitations on the use of products are available on skype.
5.
11 unsolicited material company not examine nor does not accept unsolicited skype materials containing proposals or ideas, including inter alia ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, the product names, collection of opinions on products and products (" unsolicited material ") improvements.
Any unsolicited material if you send companies through skype or otherwise, has site skype thus notified to and accepts that the company is not obliged to maintain confidentiality on skype of such unsolicited material.
5.
12 notification some parts of the sites or software may contain requests for skype written submissions or reporting problems, such as
Through form or form reporting problems (" contact reports ').
Read carefully the with any specific provisions governing such notification.
Notifications shall be deemed to be property companies skype.
Company skype, is the sole owner of all known to present or future wieczystym rights to applications throughout the world and has the right to benefit from them in any commercial or other without payment to the user of the applicant.
No notification sent to companies will not be treated as confidential and company skype skype will not be liable for any disclosure of such notifications. bore
5.
13 posting connects the user can links to websites on posting skype belonging to the user provided that he will do it in a fair and lawful manner, which does not harm reputation skype nor will its used.
User posting links in a way which suggests must not be any its links with the company skype or approval or from her support, if this is not correct.
The user can not include site in the box of another site.
Company skype brand, which can be flash player provides Qik, personal, to integrate into their own website in order to obtain access to materials non-commercial appearing on the brand Qik. skype
Company skype may at any time, at their own discretion, withdraw permission to posting to merge, in which case suitable sites skype will send to the user. the
6.
User obligations
6.
1 user account.
Before first use software skype and software user will be asked to the creation of a user account Qik and selecting a user name and password.
Choose password hard to guess and we recommend consisting of letters, numbers and symbols.
User can use software only through its user account.
User sole responsibility for any of the operations conducted through its user accounts.
In order to prevent the unauthorized use of user accounts should be undertaken with your password in secrecy, it to anyone should not be given, and do not use it in order to obtain access to websites or services of third parties.
If user suspects that its slogan is known to another person immediately change them, in order to ensure the protection of its user accounts.
Responsibility responding to unwanted requests for data credit cards, and other data is user password.
Company skype is not responsible for failure to comply with the obligations set out in this section 6 of the user.
1.
6.
2 use in accordance with the law: the user must make use of software products and websites in a consent with the law in skype his place of residence.
In some countries there are restrictions on the collection and use of software products and / or websites skype.
Are responsible for checking whether the law allows it to benefit from software products and / or sites in his place of residence. skype
6.
3 unauthorised use: user must not:
(A) of capturing, monitor, or modify the transfers addressed to destroy another of the recipient;
(B) the use of all kinds of viruses, worms, horses, bombs and other codes and time frame of the trojan instructions aimed at distortion, deletion, damaged, or software products, sites emulację deasemblację skype, transfers or protocols;
Sent unwanted transfers (c) (also referred to as spam SPIM or) or transfers not authorised under SPIT nor use software existing provisions, products or to information websites skype administration for other or wyłudzania pozorowania links with another person or entity;
(D) to present to third parties, which are harmful to minors, dirty materials or considered to be inappropriate for other reasons obscene;
(E) use of software, products or sites in order to, the disturbance, skype gorszenia, harassment or bullying breaches of privacy any third party;
(F) use (including in the framework of a user name and / or image) any material or substance profile property rights of third parties, protected belonging to unless you have a licence or authorization of the owner of such rights;
(G) collect or information extracted from software products or collect websites that allow for the identification of the identity of the persons skype, including the names of the users;
(H) impact or attempt to effects on the availability, software products or sites, for example by attacks type " skype refusal " () or " service dos " (); refusal dispersed services Ddos
(S) used or launch any automated systems, including, inter alia: robots and spiders websites and they obtain access to software browsers offline, products or websites skype.
Anyhow user takes note that the company skype grants authorisation to use public operators search engines for copying materials from its skype spiders online in order to create publicly available indices only, but not for such materials copies or creating archives. spool materials
Company skype reserves the right to revoke the authorisation at any time.
6.
4 materials with respect during the procedure we are asking for the user to participate in any form of activity provided by functions or software, such as websites skype forums, blogs, electronic mail, hosting videos, sharing functions and / or publish, and any other functions websites or software, which allow the skype skype, transmission, editing, posting, production and / or publication of content hostowanie.
User acknowledges and accepts that: (i) using websites skype and / or software may come into contact with content, which may be considered as obscene, and use of offensive or at its own risk; (ii) shall be exempted responsibility, and the company did not have any responsibility towards skype, nor any user third parties for any material user, grouped or published created communicated on skype; (iii) or through software company does not guarantee the confidentiality of the user, skype published or unpublished; (iv) company skype is not liable for any materials user to which the user can have access in connection with the use of websites, and for all material or software skype user is responsible person from which such materials user originate.
Company skype does not support the movement materials nor any opinion, the user the recommendations or advice contained therein, and also explicitly state that does not assume any responsibility in connection with the materials of the user.
User in relation to their materials user, and guarantees that declares:
(I) in accordance with this regulation is the owner or keeper necessary licences, rights, as well as permits the use of consents obtained any copyright, trademarks, business secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights or property rights relating to any material, as well as authorisations to authorise companies user to exercise those rights; and skype
(Ii) it has the written consent, permission for the publication and / or authorisation from each of the individual, which can be identified in the user, in the use of materials and / or the names of the image of each such person in materials user to be able to name and / or accompanied by the individual, and to use them in materials image user as provided for in this regulation.
The user can not copy, or use the text, photos, posting the designer, sound, images or other music from third parties and any content from other sources (" content of third parties ') without explicit consent of the owner.
Content third parties may be protected by intellectual property rights, and owners of intellectual property rights to such content may not agree to its use.
User must not be used any content of third parties without prior consent from the person or entity to which enjoy intellectual property rights to the content.
Notwithstanding any rights and obligations under regulations (as defined below), if the user of additional material to a user shall or through software or skype on skype place it or through (with the exception of applications and of the content of the software), the operator shall automatically transfers user company, a valid throughout the world, skype non-exclusive irrevocable, free, land register, subject to further licensing and transfer licence covering all the right to use, editing, modification, connection, incorporation, adapting, curing, public presenting, display, transmission and duplication of materials, including, inter alia, user
With all the marks related in any manner in connection with the websites and software and products company skype, skype including licences to use materials in order to promote and further deployment of user some or all elements of the sites and / or software and products in the skype any media and in the future. now known developed
User this grants to all users and / or software and site skype the company's products of access licences for his materials skype non-exclusive user by and / or software and website skype company products, as well as on the use, copying skype, dissemination, derived, display and presentation of the design elements of such materials only in a way acceptable transmission user by function and / or software and websites skype the company's products, as well as in accordance with this regulation skype use.
User renounces the so-called " also
Rights moral " for materials of users to permitted by applicable law.
User can't send or publish via the website or any of the materials, which user software skype are, minorities, napastliwe, spread zniesławiające hatred, not violate the privacy are obscene, illegal aggression, racist, offensive harmful to minors, infringe intellectual property rights of third parties or trigger to civil liability or may result in a penalty box.
User furthermore, must not be sent or publish materials that are mendacious user or misleading, constitute requests for funds or services include advertising, promotional material, wiadomości-śmieci, spam or other elements of a similar nature watch-chains happiness, suggest that someone else is their author or contain programmes, or other programmes set up to produce viruses harmful effects on the computer.
User agrees not to commercial offers to other users or software on their website skype user. materials
User agrees that it will not avoid or off site or software safety related functions skype and functions, which prevent the use of any content on skype or software or able to benefit from such content, restrict nor will otherwise interfere in these functions.
6.
5 information of the user: the skype can sometimes ask for information in order to allow delivery of user software products or to the user.
User has to verify whether the information is complete, up-to-date and accurate.
6.
Prohibition resale.
Software and products are intended solely for individual use.
User must not be are software or products to third parties, nor their komercjalizować.
6.
7 export restrictions: software may be subject to international rules on software exports.
User undertakes to comply with any existing national and international regulation applying to the software, any restrictions on end-users, uses and destinations imposed by the national authorities or similar bodies, as well as the restrictions imposed on the countries covered by now we.
Software messaging is subject in the united states to american export (export administration regulations, and is in their ear) are classified in and is also in number ECCN classified under 5d992 identification number products encryption (registration number, ern Encryption) R100351.
Therefore could not be considered exported or re-exported taken for any given the countries subject to the control of the fight against terrorism under ear, including to iran, north korea, syria, sudan and to cuba.
Software messaging can not be also exported or re-exported from the united states by persons or entities subject to a penalty american nor charged by such persons or entities regardless of location.
See www.bis.doc.gov / / Liststocheck.htm and ear part. Complianceandenforcement 736
Company skype user software to download only available when the user confirms that it is not such a person or entity and that it will not be in a different way affect us collection of rules on export controls and sanctions.
7.
Property rights
7.
1 software products and website shall contain the information confidential and proprietary skype which are protected by intellectual property rights and the treaties.
7.
2 content and compilation albums on (with the exception of content set out skype), such as the sounds of the user text, graphics, logo, icons, images, audio clips, digital materials to be taken and software, are owned by companies skype, its partners and are protected and american or afiliacyjnych licencjodawców international copyright.
Such content protected by copyright may not be reproduced without the explicit consent companies skype.
User may charge these materials included on at which users is displayed link " www.qik.com download " or other similar link, as well as make use of them for their own, non-commercial purposes.
Company skype reserves all rights, which were not expressly conferred on skype.
7.
3 company skype and / or its exclusive ownership of software, retain the licensor products and websites and any intellectual property in them contained skype (throughout the world, regardless of whether it was registered).
User undertakes not to take any action which might jeopardise the intellectual property rights relating to software company skype products and / or sites skype, restrict the rights or to interfere with the no.
7.
4 skype, " related " trade marks and logo and the symbol " s " are trademarks company skype.
Company skype registered their trade marks or submitted applications for their registration in many countries around the world.
Marks layout and to which law is at the company skype, can not be used in conjunction with any of the products or services to other companies in a way which may confuse customers or discredit or compromise the company skype.
Marks occurring on and all other companies belonging to skype or any related companies are owned by their their rightful owners.
User shall not be entitled to registration or use and can not record or use trade names, trade marks, logo, domain names or any other names or marks containing elements forming intellectual property companies (in whole or in part) skype or the like of them. łudząco
You should also read the guidelines for use trademarks companies in order to obtain detailed information on the skype, the use of trade marks belonging to the company skype.
8.
The
8.
1 connection to mobile and numbers realised with measures on account of a type of premium skype:
(I) connection to mobile and stationary cellular: the fees due for the connection to the phones () consist of charges not covered by subscription to establish a connection (charged once at each combination) and the minutes for the time, according to the rates set out talks at / it / www.skype.com allrates.
Any connections will be plucked after 4 hours.
In order to continue the talks will have to be chosen again number, and then will be charged additional fee to establish connection.
Numbers premium (ii) type: the fees due for the connection to the premium shall be calculated according to the rates of numbers at www.skype.com / it / minute supplied rates-premium.
There is no charges to establish a connection.
(Iii) company skype may change on the connections with phones and numbers of rates at any time and without notifying the user premium, linking at / it / amended rates www.skype.com allrates.
New rate will cover the subsequent purchases already after the publication of these rates.
Before connecting should be checked prevailing rates.
If user does not accept the new rates should not perform connections.
(Iv) the duration of the connections is determined in units of minute.
Incomplete minutes shall be rounded up to the full minutes.
Fee to establish a connection, if applicable, shall be charged at the start of discussions.
After connections fractions cents in value shall be rounded up to the calculated whole cents, e.g.
Connection total cost of € will be rounded up to the value of 0,034 0,04 €.
The fees due for a combination of are automatically in a conversation with measures to account balances charged the user.
8.
2 fees for other products for sale: fees for other products shall be paid before the user finish the product confirmed from the company skype.
Company skype may change for the purchase of such products fees due at any moment and without notifying the user.
Decide on the acceptance of new user fees may take before the next purchase relevant product.
New charges will relate to further purchases already after the publication of these charges.
8.
3 offers: the may periodically promotional skype for free paid for a trial period offer products.
Company skype reserves the right to load the user fee for such products (at the normal rate), if a company will own legitimate recognition (according to skype), that the user abuse, for example, offers of
If enjoys any services or facilities, such as proxy servers or ip address which prevent anonymous to locate it.
8.
4 tax: the skype may charge vat or other indirect taxes according to the respective rates (in accordance with current tax laws) at the time of purchase charge account skype.
If you live in the eu and buys and products within the european union uses, vat is levied at 15 %, in force in luxembourg.
If you live in switzerland, is levied vat of 8 % applicable in switzerland.
In some countries may be charged other local taxes.
Depending on the country of purchase or card may be purchased tickets pre on vat rate of 15 % in force in luxembourg, local vat or other taxes with values coupons or cards in pre potrącanymi at the time of their implementation.
User expressly waives any rights to a vat reimbursement by the company where skype vat amount per finally to be paid by the company to the tax authorities skype for any reason is less than the amount of vat collected from the user at the time of purchase.
Displayed account balance reflects the state of already after deduction of any such skype taxes.
In listed below the european union shall not apply vat territory eu pursuant to council directive 2006/112 / ec of the european union (późn.
.)
On the common system of value added tax.
Website skype does not provide users within such territories residing opportunities to benefit from an exemption from vat and that is why we do not offer products in the area of the following territories: autonomous republic athos, the canary islands, the french overseas departments, the åland islands, the channel islands, the island of heligoland, büsingen am hochrhein, ceuta, melilla, livigno, campione d 'italia and the italian waters of lake lugano.
8.
5 fees charged by third parties: in case of use of software in mobile is used in the subscription to the transmission of data available limit in mobile. operator wykupionego
Use of software abroad may be associated with significantly higher costs than in the case of normal use.
User takes full responsibility for obtaining the relevant information and coating roaming charges and other charges applicable, which are charged by the network operator cell.
9.
Payments
9.
1 measures on account of skype.
For certain products user may pay with measures to account for sale skype.
For charge account may be using any method of payment to pay skype provided by the user to skype.
Charge are transformed into measures user account at the time of their purchase (or when implementation, if is used on the coupon coupon charge account) skype.
9.
2 inactive measures on account of skype.
If user does not benefit from measures on account of skype (this also applies to the funding allocated to the user by the administrator) for a period of 180 days, skype manager they become inactive.
User can activate measures on account of skype by clicking once again on the my account at link uaktywniającego https: / / / / credit-reactivate. secure.skype.com account
Measures again focus on account not subject to refund. skype
If user resides in japan and buy charge account by website skype, this point skype does not apply.
In this case, the validity of the measures on account of skype 6 months after the purchase charge. expires
The user can not benefit from the measures on account of skype on their date of expiry or later.
9.
3 other methods of payment.
Company skype does not guarantee that you can use the measures on account to the purchase of each product. skype
Where can't pay for the product from the measures on account skype, company other methods of payment. skype will provide user
Company skype reserves the right to remove and change methods available at their own discretion payments.
9.
4 payment cyclical.
If user decides to pay for products using subscription (payment of every month, every three months, or every year-depending on the option chosen), user acknowledges and agrees that are payments cyclic which must be made to the company using the method chosen by the user payments skype and regular intervals in selected by him until the end of the subscription on the product by the user or the company skype.
9.
5 automatic charge account.
(A) the automatic charge account will automatically be incorporated in the purchase of charge account, unless you delete selection of the relevant skype check boxes.
Account skype is charged the same amount and using the same methods of payment, as for the first inclusion functions automatic unless user will not change the charge later amounts in settings user accounts.
For example, if the user charge account for eur 10 bought skype using a credit card, the amount drawn from credit card user upon automatic will be also eur 10. doładowaniu
In future, the same amount will be charged with the credit card every time, when the balance of the account user skype falls below the threshold, which the company shall be at a time. skype
If you do not want to use the function of automatic, remove the relevant selection charge account check boxes.
(B) if the user bought using methods of payment other than the subscription credit card or service paypal or () and turned the auto Moneybookers Skrill charge accounts, the account skype is needed to cover payments by vehicle rolling on the next subscription.
(C) the user may disable the auto charge at any time, moving on to his account user accounts.
10.
Reimbursement arrangements
10.
1 acquisition products paid directly from the user has the right to refrain from buying in skype within fifteen (15) days (" the abandonment of purchase '), unless it has benefited in any way with these products paid (in this case period abandonment of, and will not may be dispensed with purchase will expire or demand reimbursement of purchase).
10.
2 after a period of resignation from the purchase of reimbursed shall only on the condition that of them do not subscriptions used or not expired.
10.
3 spending collected on account of skype, allocation and use of any aspect of numbers skype is " use " of product subscription paid.
User clearly acknowledges that the numbers may be allocated before the end of the resignation of skype, purchase.
10.
4 abandonment of purchase and reimbursed period are not subject to: (i) products purchased via skype (partner companies for sale in such a case, please contact directly from the partner of skype, which at its own discretion will decide on the reimbursement of costs); (ii) products for sale, which are not directly purchased from the company skype over the internet (e.g.
Coupons cards or); (iii) products for sale pre for which using payment methods offered by was paid in cash, third parties (such as electronic portfolio to cash payments); (iv) products paid paid and assigned to the account skype user by the administrator. skype manager
Period abandonment of purchase and reimbursed not is also subject to participation in the skype developer.
10.
5 if you think the company skype, must contact incorrectly cleared the company skype within 90 days from the time the wrong calculation of the duties.
After 90 days reimbursement in respect of it will be delivered.
10.
6 company skype reserves the right to claim any financial reimbursement, if it is the rejection of the grounds to believe that: (a) user tries to take unfair advantage to use the reimbursement arrangements, such as
Through received repeated requests reimbursement in respect of the same product; (b) the user; or (c) is in breach of this regulation user makes use of the products or software misuse or a third person makes use of its misuse user accounts.
10.
This reimbursement arrangements shall not affect the user rights guaranteed by law.
11.
Termination of a binding user and a company skype
11.
1 user may at any time to binding him with a ratio skype, without having to go to court.
For this purpose must request its user accounts, cease to use liquidation software products and / or websites skype and cancel all payment order of cyclical.
11.
2 skype company may at any time, without having to go to court, to binding it with user or take ratio or suspend access by the user of software, user accounts products or sites in the following cases skype:
(A) is in breach of this regulation; user
(B) the company has reason to suspect that user skype makes use of software products and / or websites skype in order to infringement or infringement of the rights of third parties;
(C) the company has reason to suspect that skype is trying to user of fraudulent use or abuse reimbursement arrangements or other rules of skype.
(D) the company has reason to suspect that user skype makes use of the products and / or software websites misuse or a third party skype benefits from his account user misuse;
((E) user charge account skype in unauthorised distributor purchased;
(F) the company skype decides to end offering a specific product (effects refer exclusively to this particular product)-in this case, you will be informed of 30 days (30 days) in advance;
(G) where this is required because of the change in the law / provisions made by duly authorities or regulatory authorities or if attach so requests, any partner companies-with immediate effect; skype
(H) the company skype decides to end offering software all users of the same jurisdiction as user subject, in which case you will be informed of 30 days (30 days) in advance.
11.
3 termination by the relative binding her with user follows skype by preventing the user access to its user accounts and to the software products and / or sites (depending on what skype applies).
Company skype reserves the right to eliminate the accounts, which are inactive for a period of user of more than one (1) a year.
11.
4 consequences of termination of user and a binding: after termination of binding user with skype company: (a) all skype licences and the right to use software, products and / or websites skype immediately; (b) expire user has to immediately cease all forms of use software products and / or websites; and (c) user skype immediately from all the hard disk, network will remove the software and other media and destroy all copies of the software in the possession of the user or under its control.
12.
Exemption guarantee, limitation of liability and the security against liability
12.
1 for the purposes of this point 12, the term " " " ' also includes subsidiaries of skype skype and, as well as legal entities affiliated all their directors, managers, agents, licencjodawców and workers.
12.
2 exclusion of guarantee: within a maximum extent authorised by law: software products and site shall be made available in such a state, skype, which they are present, and the user may use it at its own risk and without any guarantees; company skype does not grant any guarantee, nor shall any claims, and it clearly off its responsibility for any guarantee clear, in respect of software and the implicit warranty, products and / or sites skype, inter alia, quality assurance, the law, the commercial value or not harming suitability for any purpose.
Skype furthermore, the company does not or will not guarantee that declares software products and / or site will always be accessible, complete, they will be skype were ongoing, timely, safe, accurate, free from errors and without loss of data units.
Company skype does not guarantee also with an internet connection, data transmission via the internet or connections operated using software quality.
12.
3 nothing in this regulation does not prevent or hinder the csr skype: (a) in respect of death or injury of the body, (b) the losses resulting from intentional fault companies or gross negligence on its part, skype (c) fraud or deliberately of misleading consumers as well as (d) liability from any other title, which can not be excluded or limited in accordance with the applicable law.
12.
4 disclaimer: user acknowledges and accepts that the company did not have any contractual responsibility skype, (including for failure) any non-contractual nor any other responsibilities, regardless of whether a skype was notified of the possibility of loss or damage related to the exercise by the user, websites, software for internet communications or other skype software made available free of charge or resulting from such use.
Only its user law in relation to any / counter-measure problems and poor performance of such software and / or sites is immediately of such software and skype ODINSTALOWANIE and / or stop the use of such software websites skype.
12.
5 the limitation of liability: subject to the above points 12.
(3) and 12.
4 company is not relative to the user contractual responsibility, skype (including for failure) any non-contractual nor any other responsibilities, regardless of whether the company was informed of the possibility of skype for damage or loss:
(A) any indirect damage, specific, accidental or performance;
(B) any loss of revenue, be able to work, actual or anticipated profits, business opportunities, good name or reputation (direct or indirect);
(C) any damage of data (direct or indirect);
(D) any claims, damage or loss (direct or indirect) resulting from the following reasons or related:
(I) lack of the possibility that the user with software in order to establish links with the numbers of emergency telephone number;
(Ii) failure to user alternatives telecommunications to establish links with the emergency call numbers in accordance with point 5.
5 above;
(Iii) limitations services listed in section 5.
(6);
(Iv) the lack of user operator emergency telephone accurate information about the physical location;
(V) the operators emergency telephone number representing third parties and staff call centre with which may join the user.
(E) any claims, damage or loss (direct or indirect) resulting from the following elements or related:
(I) any products or services provided by third parties in accordance with their rules of service, including, inter alia, skype wifi;
(Ii) any technology third parties;
(Iii) any site of third parties.
12.
6 subject to points from 12.
3 to 12.
5 set out above the total and (including the contractual liability for negligence) deliktowa companies against the pursuant to this regulation or skype remaining in relation to it may not exceed the total amount paid by the user for products during the 12 months immediately preceding the date of the claims, in which gives rise to the events in any event, this amount may not exceed five 000.
12.
7 if any third party will make against company, which derives from (and skype claim) infringements of this regulation by the user, (ii) the infringement or provisions by the user, (iii) breach of the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights) by the user, (iv) material supplied by the user, the user (v) the notification submitted by the user in connection with the user instructions given by a person, or other materials claim, which is related to those items, user agrees to safeguard and protect the skype against any responsibility, damage, loss or (including coverage costs of reasonable judicial and the representation costs) connected with such claims.
13.
Websites, products and services of third parties
13.
1 third parties may offer through software and / or sites products or services, including skype game, programmes, images, bells or awatary.
While skype company is not responsible for such products and services, but if you any problems related to the collection, will use or series of such products or services or paying for it, the company will skype in order to assist economically reasonable efforts or solutions to problems.
Products or services of third parties may be subject to the rules of procedure of use and data protection rules in force in their personal, which may require suppliers for the collection of acceptance or installations.
User should be familiar with the rules of procedure prior to the purchase or starting use any products or services for third parties and company skype shall not be liable related to the operation by the user. negligence
13.
2 user takes note of and accepts that all information on the products and services of third parties and their prices presented on skype are to be transmitted by the relevant company (" supplier " skype supplier).
The supplier may at any time amend or terminate sharing their products or services prices.
Company skype is not involved in any transactions between the holder and any supplier whose products and / or services are presented on skype.
Company skype is not in control, shall not be liable or not provide guarantees concerning: (i) price, quality, actions, products or services or purchase terms supply offered by the supplier; (ii) any payment transactions, supplies, or activities relating to products or reimbursement of after-sales on websites services purchased suppliers; (iii) the availability of websites suppliers; (iv) the completeness, accuracy and veracity or any advertising other available on websites suppliers or through them, nor any statements such products and services and other information on them, presented on; (v) to websites via skype suppliers included in websites skype.
Any questions, complaints regarding any products or services or the providers must be sent to the relevant supplier.
13.
3 software and site skype may contain hyperlinks to the websites of third parties.
Company skype is not responsible for such site third parties or for their availability and, moreover, does not support any content or materials made available there.
Use user of such sites of third parties in the site, the rules of procedure is model
14.
Additional rules
14.
1 label skype shall provide guidance on how they use the skype and proper treatment of other members of the community skype.
Read carefully the with those guidelines, since they are part of this regulation.
14.
2 if the user wants to use software to internet communication in connection with any air, must observe the rules broadcasting services, which is available at http: / / www.skype.com / legal / broadcast
14.
3 sdk sets and interfaces api.
Sets sdk (software development kits) provided by zone skype on including developer skype (set) and any application programming interfaces Skypekit (api) disclosed or made available by the own provisions governing skype are subject to licensing the use of such software applications.
Using any such set or interface (api as appropriate sdk), the operator confirms that he is aware of all the relevant provisions of the licensing available on http: / / developer.skype.com /.
And that will be their warned.
14.
4 Qik information on companies free and open software is included in this regulation by reference.
15.
Confidential information and protection of personal data user
Company skype respects the user rights to preserve the confidential nature of his personal data.
Company skype will process personal data user data on routes and shall be forwarded in accordance with its content carried out the protection of personal data set out at: http: / / www.skype.com / it / privacy.
16.
Information only for the users government
Software documentation and that " commercial software " and " respectively documentation for commercial computer software " as defined in the terms used in section 12.
212 federal procurement law government of the united states.
United states federal acquisition regulations.
Any use of, or the disclosure of software or documentation by duplication the united states government or on his behalf subject to restrictions set out in this regulation.
17.
Contacting the skype
17.
1 to contact skype in matters related to software or brand products ', " skype skype should be sent a request for help through the support.skype.com.
17.
2 to contact in matters related to the software Qik skype or products shall be sent " brand " Qik request for help through the support.qik.com.
17.
3 in case of contact with the company, otherwise than as provided for in point skype 17.
1 and / or 17.
2 submission user may not be taken into account.
18.
Miscellaneous provisions
18.
1 user agrees to the use of electronic communication to conclude contracts, procurement and of other documentation as well as on electronic delivery notifications, existing rules and their amendments and lists of transactions carried out with a company skype.
18.
2 convenience for user company skype may release english translation of this regulation.
In case of any discrepancy between the english language version of this regulation and in another language version with the company skype are binding relations user governed by an english version of.
18.
3 these rules constitute a whole agreement between user and company in respect of the use of software products skype and / or websites skype and replaces all previous agreement between user and company in respect of software, skype products and / or websites skype.
18.
4 if any provision (or part thereof) of these rules will be recognised by the competent court or administrative authority in conflict with the law, no matter or feasible, such a provision (or part thereof) will be removed from this regulation without prejudice to compliance with the law, validity and the rest of the feasibility).
Point 20.
3 (i) talks about what will happen if part of the provisions point 20.
3 arbitration and surrender (right to participate in respect of collective) is found to be incompatible with the law, invalid or impossible to do.
Point 20.
3 (i) has priority over point 20.
3, where they exist between them of non-compliance.
18.
5 non-execution or delay in the implementation by the company law or remedy provided for by any skype this regulation or by the law will not constitute a withdrawal from the exercise of such rights or legal measure of company skype.
Skype withdraws from the exercise of rights if the company of its arising from a breach of this regulation, it will not be tantamount to exemptions from exercise of its rights in the case of another breach of this regulation.
18.
6 user must not be made of this regulation arising from it, nor any transfer of rights and obligations.
Company skype may to dispose of this regulation or any resulting rights or obligations on any third party without the prior notification.
18.
7 this point 18 in conjunction with points 4.
2, 12 and 20.
3 and any other provisions, which are indicated as power in case of termination or retain explicitly provides as such, remain on termination of this regulation. power
18.
8 user takes note of and accepts that if they skype will not be able to provide software products and / or websites of force majeure, not as a result of skype, this will mean infringement by the skype its undertakings to the resulting from any user of this regulation.
Force majeure means any circumstances that are beyond the control of companies skype.
18.
9 this regulation (excluding point 20.
(3) is regulated and interpreted according to the law of luxembourg and is subject to jurisdiction district of luxembourg.
Point 20.
3 adjustable according to the american law on arbitration proceedings (federal united states federal Arbitration act).
18.
10 note on technology avc / h.
264: if the software is used to talk video (and) between computer and device that is not personal computer, personal or (ii) between the equipment, which are not personal computers, there is the possibility of using kodera-dekodera avc / h.
264 in order to facilitate communication video.
In such a case is legal notice under license in the following package of patents function in the product is avc video avc licensed for the personal and client in order to (i) non-commercial coding according to the " (avc video ") and / or video avc (ii) decoding video encoded by the customer in the framework of the personal and avc niekomercyjnej działalności and / or obtained from the supplier of video assigned to licences for providing video avc.
Shall not be granted licences or in any other form of tacit express service.
Further information can be obtained from the company mpeg la, l.
L.
C.
At www.mpegla.com.
19.
Specific provisions relating to specific products
19.
1 numbers (formerly known as " skype online ") and numbers that skype numbers him
(A) the availability and use.
Skype if they number or the number of skype, it's skype user will make him, user agrees that:
(I) is not the owner of that number, nor is the rights of him forever.
(Ii) made available to him under existing rules and practices number numbering regulatory;
(Iii) will be on a regular basis to comply with all the requirements for allocating existed numbers has been informed by the skype, and of any justification instructions in the use of numbers and products which may be granted by the him or her skype partners;
(Iv) may not transfer or try to transfer its number to any third party.
Particularly user is responsible for the compliance with all the requirements for the place of residence and / or residence permit; and
(V) at the request of firms skype, complete and up-to-date information submitting it to the close and will inform it of the changes in such information.
Company skype reserves the right to amend the regulations relating to numbers and numbers to go, skype skype including, inter alia, to impose any requirements or amending the place of residence and / or request to provide further information about the user as a condition for further dissemination of such numbers.
In some countries the number may be made available by the company skype, but you don't by her partner with which may be necessary to conclude a separate agreement.
(B) other changes in the numbers.
Skype decides to pick up or if the company changed the number made available to the company, skype will efforts to send to the cost-effective notification e-mail, indicating the date of entry into force of the amendments and, if possible, a new number.
If user will not accept the new number, it should be granted the right liquidation her number.
19.
2 user account on skype Managerze
(A) the user can not at the same time belong to more than one skype manager.
(B) any numbers skype before 21 july 2009 and purchased by the user assigned be removed by the administrator, manager skype if the user for any reason leaves skype manager.
The right to use the number and the possibility to cancel such a right at their own discretion rests on and not on the user manager administratorze skype.
(C) personal data and data on routes-members.
User skype manager takes note of and who is a member agrees that administrator skype can, with the view user manager detailed information on user account of belonging to the user, including the date, the duration and number target connections and sent sms messages as nawiązywanych also details of purchases and downloaded files.
User may at any time withdraw consent, turning in my bank account user settings.
User acknowledges that if their personal data, such as will provide the name or position, in order to enter them in the catalogue, these data may be consulted skype manager by the other members of that skype manager.
19.
3 subscriptions
(A) rules for proper use.
With skype we want all of our clients have tariff referred to as " " best plans for the lowest price. abonamentami
Rules proper use are aimed at preventing fraud and abuse subscriptions with a small number of users.
Subscriptions without a proper use according to the rules made available by the skype connection with fixed in countries allow nielimitowane phones covered by a special type (except for the numbers subscription premium service and not allocable to a given geographical).
If identified during the purchase, subscription may also include connection with mobile phones. nielimitowane
Any connections will be plucked after 2 hours.
In order to continue the talks will have to be chosen again number.
In accordance with the use skype and the proper use of subscriptions skype are intended for use only, i.e. personal communication or individual business (" allowed use ').
When non-exhaustive list of practices which are considered as not permitted use:
(I) the use of subscriptions for or centre telephone; telemarketingu
Odsprzedawanie minutes (ii) available in the subscriptions;
(Iii) sharing by many users-through subscriptions telephone switchboard, the telephone, computer or any other means;
(Iv) establish calls (individually or sequentially) aimed at automatically to generate profits for themselves or other people as a result of implementation itself, while this does not concern individual connections communication provided comply with business (item 4.
1) use); and
(V) atypical regularity of connections, which carried out deviate from the normal, an individual of the use of subscription, for example, establish connections or the many ringing regular short-term numbers in the short term.
Other practices can be dealt with in the context of authorised use and the company reserves the right to be considered as unauthorised skype any illegal, prohibited, irregular and non-standard measures.
In if the user makes use of in accordance with these principles, the proper use and subscription regulation use, the company may immediately terminate it with binding skype ratio user or suspend the subscription.
In justified cases, company user at the wrong before use skype notifies the suspension or will end its subscription.
If appropriate, the company can offer subscriptions. another user skype
(B) the company skype reserves the right to withdrawal or change at any time. subscriptions
Skype change if they products of subscription, he'll send user the alert e-mail, specifying the change and the date of their entry into force.
If the user will not accept these amendments, it should be granted the right to terminate the subscription.
Subscription will be completed within the date of the change takes effect.
(C) subscriptions " world-without a extra " is set minimum period of application from the date of purchase. 2-letni
Before minimum, the user can not put an end to such subscription 2-letniego except infringements of this regulation by the firm skype.
Payments cyclical for the subscription is calculated every month.
19.
4 skype wifi
Product skype is supplied by one of the partners wifi wifi company skype.
Skype wifi use of service referred to by the partner is subject to the rules.
Before connection to the point of access to the network session wifi by user is informed of called skype wifi network operator wifi and provision of services. its rules of procedure
User will have to refer to the rules of the service, which will be associated in the case of operator session through skype wifi.
Skype wifi can be generated on pay for account, with the exercise of these measures skype subject to this regulation.
19.
5 sms
The length of each sms messages is limited to 160 characters.
Introduction long messages will dividing his for a couple of sms and charging fees for sending each of them.
Sending sms messages to one where several recipients shall be calculated separate fees for each of them send messages.
Skype if they is not able to for any reason from () send sms, will continue to send that message for a period not sample longer than 24 hours, after which the cost will be automatically by providing resources for user account returned, unless they can be skype provide messages.
19.
6 group discussions video
(A) rules shall be those proper use available at www.skype.com / /-they are included in the terms.gvc.fairusage him of this regulation by reference.
Company skype reserves the right to change the rules proper use at any time.
Amendments shall enter into force on the date of their publication on skype.
Subscription continue to use skype after publication of the modified version of the rules of proper use premium on skype will mean accepting the provisions of the principles of sound modified use.
(B) the number of participants.
Group video may participate in conversation between three and a maximum of 10 people depending on compliance system.
More detailed information can be found at www.skype.com / it / skypepremium.
(C) conversion to talk voice.
If during the group discussions video premium or access overnight, expires subscriptions skype is exceeded the limit principled proper use, or a holder subscription premium (and none of the leaves the conversation skype the other participants has no), it's a conversation video subscription skype premium will be converted into conversation voice.
(D) versions of the software.
Where participant group discussions does not have a version of the software to video messaging group serving video interview video talks will be transformed into conversation voice in relation to this only participant.
Detailed information on the system requirements for group discussions are available at www.skype.com / video / him skypepremium.requirements.
(E) customer via chat on live.
Customer via chat to live is covered by subscription skype premium.
This form of customer service is offered only in english, and is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
19.
7 rules for the proper use of Qik premium
Product Qik premium shall be subject to the following rules proper use: for each user is a month of a 15 gb, video magazine and the duration of any material video may not exceed 90 minutes.
Beyond those limits the user can not send any new materials in a month or continue beyond the limit. recordings 90-minutowe
Company skype reserves the right to change the rules proper use at any time.
Amendments shall enter into force on the date of their publication on skype.
Further use of the product after publication of the modified version of the principles of sound Qik premium use on skype will mean accepting the provisions of the principles of sound modified use.
19.
8 news video (" news video ") skype
If user is not subscriber, the number of messages that video skype premium may send, is limited, and in addition, they have defined expiry date.
Rules proper use: these rules are aimed at preventing fraud and proper use of abuse of the video.
News video are intended solely for personal use and should be an individual and non-commercial them always use pursuant to this regulation (" permitted use ').
Company skype reserves the right to be considered as not allowed any illegal, prohibited, irregular and activities dealt with in the context of the allowed use non-standard.
In if the user makes use of the messages in accordance with these principles, the proper use video or regulation, the company may at their own discretion immediately terminate the skype binding her with the user or suspend its account.
20.
Payments by mobile phone
20.
1 this section applies, if the user selects a payment system of another company, which allows the user where appropriate pay for charge account and paid via skype certain products account for mobile phone (" payment by mobile phone ").
20.
2 choosing payments by mobile phone or using such a payment, the user:
(A) authorises its mobile operator's to the relevant fees directly to account for mobile phone issued to the user; and
(B) that he is a person or entity responsible for the account related to mobile telephone number given by the user when using payment by mobile phone or is authorised by that person or entity to bear these fees.
20.
3 binding arbitration and renunciation of the right to participate in the application form is registered in the united states (collective accounts).
Chooses if you by mobile phone and its payment account for mobile phone is registered in mobile operator's in the united states or user is a resident of the united states shall apply the following additional provisions:
(A) section 20.
3 shall apply to any disputes arising between the operator and company or any third party, including skype operator of mobile telephony and partners companies (including the " party called skype afiliacyjnymi opposite dispute " or " parties opposing sides '), which relates to the dispute use user with payment by mobile phone, however, this point does not apply to disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of intellectual property rights user companies or any of its LICENCJODAWCÓW skype.
", " For the purposes of the dispute 20.
3, means any disputes legal action or other resulting from the agreement, guarantees, act controversy non-authorised law, regulation, order or any other legal basis or fairness.
" Dispute " will have the widest possible importance permitted by law.
(B) in the event of a dispute the user must provide firm or other side opposite dispute notice of skype dispute in the form of a written statement containing the name, address and contact details of the party making it, as well as a description of the reasons for the notification of the dispute and the compensation.
User must send a notice of the dispute to the company or its partner to address: skype afiliacyjnego microsoft corporation, ATTN: legal department, they microsoft way, redmond, and also to any other wa 98052-7329 they have been applied dispute at the address its headquarters in the united states, followed by: ATTN: legal department.
Dispute send notice of the dispute to the other party, unless address of the operator knows his address, and otherwise on the user located in e-mail address book.
User and the attempt to settle the dispute by means of dispute against the informal negotiations within 60 days from the date of dispatch of the notice of the dispute.
After 60 days of the user or other party dispute may bring an arbitration.
(C) the user can also make the dispute to the court for
Small claims civil in their own country of residence if meets all the requirements for admission to dispute consideration by the committee
Small claims civil.
User may refer the dispute to the court for
Small claims civil regardless of whether carried out earlier informal negotiations.
(D) binding arbitration.
If you and the opposing party will not solve the dispute the dispute by informal negotiations or at the
Small claims civil, any other measures to resolve the dispute will be carried out only in the framework of binding arbitration, which are regulated by the federal law rules american (the arbitration proceedings.
Federal Arbitration act).
User waives the right to bring any dispute to the court in order to examine them before a judge or the grand jury and the right to participate in disputes as a party or a participant of class actions.
Any disputes will be settled before impartial, whose decisions are legitimate, i think arbitrem that will apply limited right of appeal in accordance with law the federal arbitration proceedings.
Judgment arbitrator can perform any court with jurisdiction in respect of the parties.
(E) waiver of the right to participate in respect of collective.
Any procedure aimed at resolving the dispute in any of the forum will be carried out only on a case-by-case basis.
User and the opposing party will not seek to deal with the dispute dispute within the application the collective under law conferring the right to act as citizens ' private attorney general '.
Private attorney general action) or any other procedure in which any party have or intends to act as a representative.
Arbitration nor any other proceedings will not be linked to other proceedings without the prior written consent of all the parties to participate in all such proceedings.
(F) arbitration will be conducted by the american Arbitration association (" aaa ") on the basis of used by aaa rules. arbitration commercial
Commercial Arbitration rules).
If user is a natural person and makes use of software or products for personal use or household or if the dispute does not exceed 75 000.
Usd (regardless of whether the user is a natural person and how the use of software and products), the application will also have additional procedures in matters of disputes, involving consumers.
Supplementary procedures for Consumer-related Disputes).
More information can be obtained on the telephone + 1-800-778-7879 or adr.org.
In case of dispute, the value of which does not exceed the amount of 75 000.
Usd company skype immediately will of claim form and to pay the fee to the user costs as required by the aaa and fees of the arbitrators.
User skype and the provisions relating to the proceedings, fees and accept incentive instruments set out on the go.microsoft.com / /? linkid = 275219 fwlink.
To justify the arbitration, to be sent to the relevant form available on the aaa / fwlink /? linkid = go.microsoft.com 275627.
User agrees to initiation only in the county, where she lives arbitration, or in the county of santa clara, california or other county, in which the other party of the dispute has its head office in the united states.
Company skype and other parties against the dispute agree to initiation only in the county, lives in an arbitration panel user.
(G) to the extent permitted by the law of any actions on claims or disputes related to the exercise by the user of payment by mobile phone must be submitted within one year at the
Small claims civil (point 20.
3 (c) or at arbitration (point 20.
3 (d).
A one-year period shall commence from the first possible application on claims or deadline for the submission of the dispute.
If such application is not made within one year, the matter shall be time-barred.
(H) the rejection of the future amendments to the provisions relating to the arbitration.
User may reject any amendments made by the skype in section 20.
3 (apart from the changes), by sending to the company skype, addresses the address given under section 20.
3 (b), appropriate notification via u.
P.
Mail mail (public in the united states) within 30 days from the time the changes.
In this case, will have the latest version of point 20.
3 applicable before the rejected by the user changes.
(I) if the surrender of the right to participate in respect of collective described in section 20.
3 (e) is found to be illegal invalid or impossible to enforce in relation to the whole or certain parts of a dispute, then point 20.
3 does not apply to all such dispute or parts of it.
Such parts of the dispute are excluded from the proceeding and will be settled by the universal, and the remaining part of the dispute pending before the court of arbitration will be concerned.
If any of the provisions of point 20.
3 deemed unlawful and void or impossible to enforce, that provision will be excluded from the content of this point, and the other provisions of point 20.
3 will remain in force.
User clearly states that he is aware of all of these rules and understands laid down therein the rights, obligations and provisions.
Clicking on acceptance and / or installation or the use of software, continuing software products and / or sites skype, clearly agrees to abide by user of these rules and provisions laid down therein. law grants to skype
© skype-last updated: april 2013
