Web.archive.org https: / / / web / 20170203080106 / https: / / www.spotify.com / en / legal / end-user-agreement /
Regulation of use Spotify
Entering into force on 1 november 2016
1 introduction
2 changes in contracts
3 use of Spotify
4 rights that you we
5 applications of outside bodies
6 user-generated content user
7 right, which we you
8 guidelines for users
9 violations and reporting of content user
10 restrictions and modifications service
11 accounts marks
12 Spotify provider community support
13 customer
14 export control
15 payments, cancellation and the period during which may be waived agreements
16 duration and termination of contracts
17 guarantee and disclaimer
18 reducing
19 right outside bodies
20 the agreement
21 separation provisions and exclusion provisions
22 assignment
23 exemption from liability
24 applicable law, mandatory arbitration and jurisdiction of local courts
25 contact
Welcome, we our rules of procedure of use.
These rules is important and has an effect on your rights, so please read it, and our privacy policy and the other conditions listed in that document carefully.
Sit down and get ready for a lot of good music.
We...
1 introduction
Spotify thank you for flying (hereinafter ", " we, " " us Spotify, " " our ").
By registering or otherwise taking advantage of the service, websites and apps (Spotify collectively referred to as " a " or " service ") or Spotify also gaining access to any content or materials available from via the service (hereinafter " Spotify content "), made a binding agreement with a, whose data can be found at the end of Spotify of this document.
Spotify service also includes the community provide support as described in detail in chapter Spotify community Spotify support. provider
Spotify includes social and interactive. a service functions
Use service is dependent on compliance with several technical requirements Spotify.
Your deal with us includes these rules of procedure of use (hereinafter " the regulation ") and our privacy policy.
Regulation policy and any additional conditions to privacy talk consent, set out in chapter a whole agreement are called together referred to as " contracts ").
If you want to refer to the terms of the agreements, their current version will be in website Spotify.
Potwierdzasz read and understand the agreements you accept these contracts and that you were you their provisions.
Unless talk consent to provisions of the agreements (or you can't respect them), you can not use the service or from any content. Spotify
Carefully read the contract.
They important information about provided you services and any duties and taxes, Spotify service that from you married.
Agreements contain information on future changes in contracts, export control, automatic renewal, limitations on the liability, information on privacy, the waiver of class actions and the resolution of disputes through arbitrage instead of to the courts.
All data administered by you during the registration can be improved during the registration process, going back to the previous screens and correcting the erroneous information.
To qualify for service and have access to the content, you gotta Spotify (1) to be at least 18 years of age or have at least 13 years, and to obtain the consent of the parent or for signature of contracts (guardian except in the cases specified in the table below); (2) have the legal capacity to conclude with us binding agreement and you can't be / has been subject ban conclusion of such agreements under any applicable law; and (3) to live in the country in which the service is available.
Deklarujesz also that all information relating to the registration, which you are real, exact and complete, Spotify, and to ensure that always zobowiązujesz such were.
If reside in one of the following countries, please refer to the table, in order to know the age limits in force in your country:
Country requirements of
Chile ecuador, paraguay, peru, you must have at least 18 years of age or have at least 15 years and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian.
Brazil must be at least 18 years of age or have at least 16 years of age and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian.
Nicaragua, taiwan must have at least 20 years or have at least 13 years and authorised parent or guardian.
Bulgaria, hungary, germany must have at least 18 years of age or have at least 14 years, and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian.
Italy in order to benefit from the services free of charge, you must have at least 13 years.
To register in order to benefit payable services, you must have at least 18 years of age or have at least 13 years, and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian (your parents / caregivers conclude an agreement on your behalf).
Malaysia must be at least 18 years of age, and if you're from 13 to 18 years of age, you have to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian.; the deal is guardian
Lithuania in order to benefit from the service, you must have at least 13 years.
For services you must have paid at least 18 years of age or have at least 14 years, and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian.
If you're from 13 to 18 years, the agreement contains guardian.
Canada in order to benefit from the service, you must have at least 13 years.
For services paid you must be in accordance with the laws in force adult / adults in your province or the residence or have at least 13 years, and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian.
Spain in order to benefit from the services free of charge, you must have at least 14 years.
To register in order to benefit payable services, you must have at least 18 years of age or have at least 14 years, and to obtain the consent of the parent or guardian (your parents / caregivers conclude an agreement on your behalf).
2 changes in contracts
Periodically we could change agreement at their own discretion.
When substantial changes to report you for them explicitly agreements and adapted to the circumstances, such as
Either clear information on, or by sending you e-mail.
In some cases, we will you in advance, and the fact that after the changes you will continue to benefit from the service, will mean acceptance of such changes.
We therefore ask for careful reading of such notifications.
If you don't want to / wanted to continue to benefit from service after the entry into force of the new version of the agreements, you can solve calling the us form through the contact division of the customer.
3 use of Spotify
Below you will find some information on all the modalities of. Spotify
3.
1 our services payable and free
Spotify provides services transmission thrust, music and offering other content.
Some Spotify services are made available free of charge.
Spotify require the payment of fees, before other services access to them will be.
Services Spotify, to which can be made available only after the payment of a fee, are now called " premium " and " service " (including " services paid unlimited service ").
Service Spotify, which does not require the payment of a fee, is now called " service free. "
You can learn more about our services, visiting our website.
Service unlimited may not be available to all users.
During registration explain which services are available to you.
If give up subscribe or if your subscription service services unlimited unlimited (for example, will be discontinued due to a change of your data on payments), you will lose the possibility of subscription services unlimited.
In future we can dispense with the service of unlimited; in this case we won't charge you fees for the service.
If you live in turkey, your access to services free of charge will be limited after a certain time.
3.
2 codes and other offers prepaid
If zakupiłeś / / otrzymałaś, the code or zakupiłaś has come to you, or another offer to offer upominkową przedpłaconą access to services companies provided or sold by Spotify or on our behalf (" code "), your access to services could also affect separate, supplied by code rules, which you agree to.
3.
3 versions of test
From time to time we or external actors operating in our behalf, we can offer versions of the test for a specified period without the need for services paid the payment of fees or at a lower price (the so-called "
Version test ").
Spotify reserves the right to determine at their own discretion your powers to benefit from the version and, in accordance with applicable law test-to withdraw or modify at any time version test without prior notification and without incurring any liability for a maximum of the extent permitted by law.
For some version of the test we require your data relating to the payment before you of administration can begin using version of the test.
At end of period of validity of such version of the test on the first day following the end of the period of the use of version of the test, we can start automatically collection of you charges paid service in question; fees will be collected each month.
Providing its data relating to payments in connection with the version, you agreed to the collection of such a charge a test using the data related to payments.
If you don't want to pay such a charge, you must give up the use of the service in question on the pay on his own account or remove subscription SPOTIFY SPOTIFY before the end use of version of the test.
If you want to abort monthly payment of such a charge, you must give up the use of the service in question on the pay on his own or remove subscription SPOTIFY accounts before the end of the monthly period. SPOTIFY
Services can not be paid before the end of the period for which give up already paid; except clearly indicated in the regulation will not any fees which user SPOTIFY already has.
Chapter limit lays down the additional conditions for cancellation services paid.
4 rights that you we
Spotify service and content are owned and Spotify licencjodawców Spotify.
We you restricted, licensing of a non-exclusive odwołalnej service and limited, non-exclusive, Spotify licensing of a substance on its own odwołalnej non-commercial purposes, for purposes of entertainment (" licence ").
Licence remains valid until its cancellation by you or Spotify.
Zobowiązujesz and you, that you're going to benefit from the content on their own, for purposes of entertainment and non-commercial purposes that you won't or provide service or content. redystrybuować Spotify
Applications Spotify and content you on a licence are not and we've been revealing they sold; and companies are owners of all copies of the licensor Spotify applications and content even when installed on Spotify your personal computer, sets on mobile phones, tabletach słuchawkowych and / or other relevant devices (hereinafter " equipment ").
All trademarks, service, trade names, logo, domain names and other elements of the brand (hereinafter " the elements of the brand Spotify ") remain solely owned by Spotify Spotify or licencjodawców Spotify.
Agreement do not give you any rights to use any brand or elements for commercial purposes or Spotify non-commercial.
Agree comply with our guidelines for users and not to use the service, or any parts thereof in content Spotify any way, which is not expressly permitted in the agreements.
Except expressly conferred rights in these agreements, Spotify does not give you no rights, titles to you and content or share them Spotify service.
Software external actors (for example, the library open-source software) contained in the service is made available on a licence in accordance with Spotify contracts or the conditions of the licensing open-source software set out in chapters aid library and setting our application for computers and mobile devices and / or on our website.
5 applications of outside bodies
Spotify service is integrated with applications, websites and online services outside bodies, (" app "), so that external actors you access to content products and / or services.
Applications external actors may be covered by these rules or own the use of these privacy policies, and external actors will be subject to the application rules and policies of privacy.
Understand and you agree with that does not support the performance, functions and content Spotify any application or transactions, which you can conclude external actors with the supplier, and does not assume any application of external responsibility for this.
6 user-generated content user
Users Spotify may on publish, sent and / or posting (" ") (which may include publish content, for example, graphics, text, news, information, compilation albums and / or other types of playlists content) (" user "). content
In order to avoid doubt is determined that the term " the content of the user " includes any content published in community support, as well as in each provider Spotify another part of the service Spotify.
Zapewniasz that for all the content to the user, Spotify (1) you post you have the right publish these, (2) the content of the content of the user and use it by the user according to the provisions of these agreements do not affect Spotify these agreements, the existing legislation, intellectual property rights (including, inter alia, copyright), rights to protection of the image, personal property and other rights of third parties, nor does it suggest links with you or your content or the user Spotify support from the Spotify for you, your content of user or any artist, team, brand, entity or natural person without written consent from that person or entity.
Spotify may, but there is no obligation, monitor, analyse and edit the content of the user.
In all cases, Spotify reserves the right to remove or prevent access to all the content of the user for any reason or and without any reason, including, inter alia, to the content, which at the discretion of Spotify violate this user of the agreement.
Spotify may take those actions without prior notice you or any other party.
Decision to remove the content of the user or so access to them will be taken by the us by our recognition; not we are committed to disposal or discourage access to any specific content of the user.
Ponosisz sole responsibility for all published by you, the content of the user.
Spotify has no responsibility for the content of the user, nor support for no opinion contained in any grants content of the user.
ZOBOWIĄZUJESZ that if anyone will against the claim to published by you, the content of the user SPOTIFY, that to the extent permitted by the law of local fire with responsibility for all the damage, SPOTIFY losses and expenditure of any kind (including reasonable fees and expenses resulting from such claim.) bar
7 right, which we you
In exchange for rights granted to you under the agreements you right (1) to enable us to benefit from the processor throughput Serwisowi Spotify and memory in order to facilitate action service your device; (2) to send you messages advertising and other; and (3) to allow the same our business partners.
Service Spotify in every part of you content, including on as seen by their choice and producing, may have an impact trade issues, including contracts with external parties.
Certain content or licensed supplied to (e.g. Spotify
Podcasts) may include advertising.
Spotify provides users in such cases, in its original form such content
If Spotify feedback, ideas and suggestions you associated with a Spotify or (hereinafter " the information content "), note Zwrotnymi you accept that such feedback is not confidential; upoważniasz also to use such information free of charge and Spotify feedback without restriction.
Feedback is deemed to be kind of content of the user.
Spotify niewyłączną, subject to admit, for free, zbywalną sublicencjonowaniu (or, in the jurisdictions, in bezterminową which it is not permitted-at the time of equivalent to the duration of the contracts of 20 (20 years)) przedłużonemu, unconditionally, fully paid, applicable worldwide license to use, the duplication, communication to the public (e.g.
Playback or display), publication of translation, modify, creating works on the basis of subsidiaries and the dissemination of any of your content in connection with a user, by any media, alone or in combination with other material or materials, by any means and using any means, any method or technology currently known or created in the future.
Clearly granted under this document in addition to the rights of all the rights to the content of the user, you're a holder including intellectual property rights.
Where appropriate, permitted by law are also waive any " zobowiązujesz moral rights " (or its equivalent provided for by law), such as the right to be administered as an author of any content, including the user feedback, as well as the right to oppose violations of integrity of such content of the user.
8 guidelines for users
Spotify respects intellectual property rights and expect the same from you.
We some basic principles to be respected in the course of use; thanks to them will be a respectful. all Spotify
Please compliance with these rules and encouraging other users to do the same.
Prohibited the following activities are, regardless of the lack of motivation:
Copying redistribution,, duplication, copying data from a source audio or video on the hard disk (" "), the recording, transmission, provides public playing or display, broadcasting or communication to the public any piece of service or content or other type of use Spotify service or content, which is not clearly Spotify permitted in the contracts, is not expressly allowed by law or otherwise affect intellectual property rights (such as copyright) to service or content, or any part thereof Spotify;
Use service to import and / or copying of any local file Spotify, which you have no right in such a way to import or copy;
Sending copies content from the mandate for any equipment zbuforowanych other device, in any way;
Playback source code,,, modification or creation of works decompilation rozgrupowywanie on the basis of service, content or subsidiaries Spotify, unless it is any part thereof is permitted by law;
Circumvention any technology used by Spotify, or of any external actors to protect licencjodawców Spotify content or service;
Sales hiring, or the provision of on a lease or any part of the service or sub-licences Spotify content;
Circumvention any territorial restrictions imposed by Spotify or licencjodawców Spotify;
Artificially increasing the counter or other type of manipulation through the use of a playlist script or other automated process;
Removing or changing any information about copyright or trade mark or other information on intellectual property contained in service or presented via the service (Spotify this in order to hide or change any information on the owners or the source of any content);
Transfer your password to any other person or using username and password to any other person;
Browsing Spotify service through or otherwise, using crawling any automated measures (including boots, robots and duplication programs content websites) indeksujących to collect information from Spotify; or
Sales user accounts or playlist or adopt otherwise any remuneration, financial or other nature, in order to influence the name for the account or playlist or content posted on account or a playlist.
Please to respect / respected, content and other users of the service Spotify owners Spotify.
Not engage in any activities, not take any content, user does not publish nor do not use usernames, register which would suggest the following nature or materials:
Napastliwe offensive,,, pornographic containing threats or zniesławiające obscene;
Illegal or to promote or committing unlawful, including act, inter alia, violation of intellectual property rights, the rights to privacy or property rights or an external body; Spotify
Containing your password or intentionally containing any other user, or intentionally password containing personal data of third parties or seeking to obtain such personal data;
Containing harmful content, such as malicious software, or viruses, or trojan horses otherwise hinder to other users access to the service;
Dręczenie aimed at or other users or their is actually the nagging harassment; facing
Crf your relationship with other users, individuals or entities or misleading as to such links or containing other types of false, fraudulent or misleading information;
Using automated measures in order to promote artificial content;
Related mass transfer of unwanted messages or other forms of spam (" spam '), chains or similar messages also by box reception Spotify;
Containing trading activities or, such as advertising, promotion, sprzedażowe competitions, or which are not financial lotteries pyramid expressly permitted by Spotify;
Containing links or references to the products or services of commercial or otherwise promoting such products or services, except in the cases expressly authorized by Spotify;
Affecting or in any way action service, manipulative, Spotify zaburzające or attempt to study, scan or affecting the testing service or computer systems, networks, the principles of Spotify use or any other security elements, or any other means of authentication Spotify protection measures service, content or their any part in terms of the weak points; or
Contrary contracts opinion Spotify.
Copy that and you do agree that the publication of those content user may result in the immediate suspension of your account. or deactivation Spotify
You agree, too, that can take away your user name of any Spotify reason.
Please consideration when using the service and content sharing to other users, Spotify
Spotify service covers, including social functions and interactive the option to publish content, content and disclosure of certain information sharing the user about.
Remember that made available or publicly available information may be used and made available by other users in further or on the internet-must therefore be Spotify prudently benefit from and bear in mind the settings account. Spotify
Spotify is not responsible for what material decide to publish on.
Your password protects your user account; the preservation of its confidentiality and security is the responsibility of only on you.
You understand that you are responsible for any use your username and password on.
If your username or password will be lost or stolen, or if you consider that a third person has access to your account, immediately us nieautoryzowany about that please and as soon as possible have to change your password.
9 violations and reporting of content user
Spotify respects the rights of owners of intellectual property.
If you think any content violate intellectual property rights or your other rights, read policy concerning copyright. Spotify
If Spotify receives notice from the rights-holder that any content violate copyright, may, at its own discretion, take Spotify appropriate measures without prior notification to the person such content. publikującej
Publikująca considers that if the content do not breach any rights, it may send notification feedback from requesting to restore deleted Spotify content.
If you think any content are not compatible with the guidelines for the users, please fill our the notification form.
10 restrictions and modifications service
Spotify justified will endeavour to a service work properly. Spotify
Some technical problems or maintenance, however, may result in temporary gap in the availability of services periodically service.
To the extent permitted by law Spotify reserves the right to interim carried out at any moment, modification or suspension, temporarily or permanently, the feature for notification or without the service Spotify, without any responsibility towards you-except in cases in which it is forbidden by law-in connection with any interruption in services, modification or for the cessation activities service or any of its functions. Spotify
Notwithstanding that, if you paid / in advance for the services paid for which you paid benefits on a permanent basis before the cessation of Spotify (as defined in chapter payments, cancellation Przedpłaconego and the period during which may be waived agreements), Spotify returns your fee for the period after cessation of such a pre-paid prepaid services.
You understand, do you agree, and that is not required to maintain Spotify accept, improve or update service, nor provide it with technical support, nor offer any specific content through a service.
The provisions of this chapter will be applied to the extent permitted by law.
Spotify owners and / or any content may temporarily remove such notifications, content without the extent permitted by law.
11 accounts marks
On if you wear for the undertaking, organisation, account Spotify entity or (which will be referred to as " the brand " and such account will be referred to as " brand "), the terms " account you " and " your " used in the agreements will refer both to you, as well as to brand, where appropriate.
Account brand, if you and you're proposing / authorised to authorised you guarantee to grant any authorisation and licensing listed in the and to enter into contracts on behalf of brand.
11.
1 to
Mark may only those users who will first observed observed; and may not take any brand mark activities or the relationship between the brand and observed suggesting supporting user, unless the right to suggest that support was brand independently.
Spotify expressed at the request of at their own discretion mark must stop observing user. Spotify
11.
2 listening
Mark strumieniowo can not send media.
11.
3 sending messages
Mark may send messages only to those users who first send messages brand.
11.
4 playlist brand and its
Mark can not create a playlist or made available, both in service, as Spotify and in other places, Spotify which would suggest the support or the relationship between the brand and any artist or on any other entity unless make without right to suggest that support received.
Brand may refer to the guidelines on playlists brand. Spotify
12 Spotify provider community support
Community Spotify provider support for discussion and exchange of information, this place of guidance and other materials associated with a Spotify.
In order to benefit from community support networks, you've got (1) Spotify have account; and (2) certify their Spotify account for use in the community to provide back-up for Spotify (" account in support networks). " community Spotify
Instructions relating to the setting-up accounts in the community support networks can be found at Spotify the registration in the community.
Contracts during the exercise of the community in addition to support networks are also follow the guidelines Spotify zobowiązujesz support community, which will be presented you Spotify at the time of registration (" the guidelines '). back-up for community Spotify
Unless talk consent to provisions of the agreements or guidelines community, you can not benefit from the support networks Spotify community support networks. Spotify
12.
1 Spotify accounts in the community support networks
Creating account in community support networks, Spotify you confirm that all information relating to the registration, which you are real, exact and complete, Spotify; also care to zobowiązujesz were always up-to-date.
Severely prohibited for in his profile information to suggest that the user is an employee or; it is also prohibited administration is moderatorem Spotify for this employee, or during the use of community Spotify provider moderators support.
Also note and you agree, that you may remove or pick up your name Spotify user at any time if acting at their own discretion, decide Spotify, that such action will be appropriate.
12.
No official support
Any content user or any other published by workers, content and / or representatives in a community of Spotify support networks should not be interpreted as an official Spotify support provided by Spotify.
For more information on official support can be found in chapter customer.
Any content published or made available in the community support networks by employees, moderator and Spotify / or their representatives shall be published or made available in the current form of Spotify, without any guarantees.
Take note that the opinions expressed in the user in the community support networks are content only the opinions of persons present Spotify such content user and do not reflect the opinion or principles recognised by or any of the board of directors, shareholders, Spotify workers, agents, members of the board of subsidiaries, associates, suppliers or licencjodawców Spotify.
12.
3, the programme awards
Community Spotify provider offers under which support a system of rewards Spotify, acting at their own discretion may reward users based on their points of recognition or on the basis of the quality of their expressing response.
Zobowiązujesz be granted points recognition only to other users (and not expressing myself), and only when they deserve, as well as to refrain from any attempts to manipulate the system awards, e.g.
By creating many accounts or the provision of incorrect answers.
Take note that the decision in relation to any reward will be the final Spotify and binding.
13 customer
For assistance in matters related to account and payments (the " questions associated with operating "), please send a notification to the client of our department, using data customer contact chapter set out in part about us in our website.
Put reasonable efforts to answer all the questions associated with operating customer within a reasonable time, but not, we can ensure that for any questions associated with operating customer at any time or that we will respond set able to provide a satisfactory response to any such questions.
14 export control
Products Spotify may be subject to rules on checks related to exports and the subsequent export or similar rules in force in other jurisdictions, including administrative provisions export (export regulations, " ear " administration) introduced by the u.s. department of trade and commercial and economic sanctions imposed by the control of foreign assets (office of foreign assets control, " ") of the treasury department and to the rules on OFAC international arms trade (international traffic in arms regulations, " ") introduced by the state department. ITAR
You confirm that (1) you don't live in the cuba, iran, north korea, sudan and syria, and (2) that are not covered by the prohibition of trade under the above provisions.
Zobowiązujesz comply with all the existing rules on export controls and re-exporting, including ear, and the sanctions imposed by the economic and commercial ITAR OFAC.
Zobowiązujesz won't sell, in particular not not export again, do not have to export in any way, do not give nor sent-directly or indirectly, any products, software or technology (including products developed on the basis of such technology) received from under the agreements, any place to Spotify, entity or person that prohibition by the law of the united states or any other jurisdiction without prior authorisation from the competent national authorities, in accordance with the requirements set out in such rules.
The provisions of this paragraph concerning the export control shall remain in force also, after termination or cancellation of contracts.
15 payments, cancellation and the period during which may be waived agreements
Services payable can be purchased directly or through a third party, such as Spotify
Operator telephone (1) by a monthly fee; or (2) when carrying out the prepayment subskrypcyjną providing access to the service for a specified period (hereinafter " Spotify Przedpłaconym '). the
If zakupiłeś / services using code, your zakupiłaś payable service will expire at the end of Przedpłaconego or automatically payable when insufficient to cover the fees will be balance prepaid service.
By registering in order to benefit from the services companies or via the internet, you version of the test code agreed to immediate access to Spotify premium.
If you're living outside the united states and in order to benefit from the services paid rejestrujesz or code via the internet, you can for any reason or without due to change his mind and receive full reimbursement for all within fourteen paid amounts (14) days from the date of registration to the services (" the period during which may be waived agreements ").
You can't get but reimbursement if at any time during the period in which may be waived contracts / with Spotify. use it skorzystałaś
If your service has not been purchased for a period of paid, your payment to a pre-paid will automatically be collected again at the end of period Spotify subscription, unless its service paid by his side subscription anulujesz before the end of the current period of subscription.
Service is cancelled from the day falling after the last day of the current period, and the type of your account will be amended subscription service for free.
If anulujesz its payments or service, however, and / or solve any of the agreements paid (1) after use with during the period in which can be Spotify waive the agreements or (2) after the end of the period during which may be waived contracts (if applicable), or (3) before the end of the current period of subscription, return it any brought already subscription fees.
The implementation of the refund of fees will depend on the methods for their contribution.
If you want to receive full reimbursement of all of the amounts paid before the end of the period during which may be waived agreements, you must contact the customer service.
If pay for a service paid through a third party, subscription is subject to conditions an agreement with that entity (in addition to these conditions).
To cancel the subscription, have to do is directly with that third party.
Spotify may vary periodically price services paid for yet not paid periods (the Przedpłaconego) or of any changes to prices codes; will tell you in advance, informing them also Spotify (where appropriate), and accept such changes.
Price evolution of the services paid shall enter into force at the beginning of the next period of subscription of following the date of change in prices.
To the extent permitted by the law of local to the service after the entry into force of the amendment means the Spotify acceptance new prices.
If you don't agree to price changes, you have the right to reject such changes through the renunciation of subscription services service before the entry into force of the amendment. the Spotify
We therefore ask for careful reading all such notifications of price developments.
16 duration and termination of contracts
Provisions of the agreements will you continue to run until solutions contracts by you or Spotify.
You accept, however, to news and you do agree that a licence granted by you in relation to the perpetual issue content, including feedback, is the user, which will remain in force irrevocable even after the termination or dissolution of any of the agreements for any reason.
Spotify can resolve the agreement or to suspend your access to a service at any time, also in a situation of Spotify, when actually or use a service and / or content Spotify allegedly in an illegal manner, as well as in a situation where you in accordance with the provisions of the contracts.
Changes solution by you or if agreement or if access to your suspension Spotify Spotify, do you agree that the service Spotify will not bear in relation to you any Spotify responsibility, nor will any amounts already paid for you a permitted by law to.
To learn how to remove his account, contact us via Spotify form contact customer service available on our website chapter in part of us.
The provisions of this chapter will be applied to the extent permitted by law.
Can you solve agreement at any time.
Chapters 6, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24 of this document, as well as any other chapters agreements, which clearly-or because of its nature-must remain in force after the dissolution of agreements, will remain in force after termination of contracts.
17 guarantee and disclaimer
Trying to provide services the best possible quality, but you understand and you do agree that services are provided in the current form, SPOTIFY service in the state in which they are available, without any clear or implicit guarantees or conditions.
Using service SPOTIFY at our peril.
In maximum permitted by the law and all owners of content shall not SPOTIFY any statement or shall not provide any guarantees or conditions relating to a satisfactory quality, relevance, commercial suitability for any purpose or lack of infringements.
Or SPOTIFY, nor any owner content does not ensure that a service does not contain malicious software or other harmful SPOTIFY elements.
Furthermore makes no claims nor does not guarantee SPOTIFY, not directed nor accept responsibility for any applications outside bodies, (or their content), the content of the user, nor any other products or services advertised or offered by a third party in the service, or by a service or any website SPOTIFY, to which they links or presented at any or other advertising. the banner
Understand and you agree, that is not liable for any transactions between SPOTIFY you and external parties offering applications outside bodies or products or services advertised on SPOTIFY or by a service.
As in the case of every purchase a product or service by any means or in any environment, should be guided by his own assessment and, where appropriate, with caution.
No advice or whether it verbal or written, obtained by you from is no guarantee on the part of SPOTIFY SPOTIFY in this regard.
Some aspects of this chapter may not be applicable in certain jurisdictions, if this is prohibited by law.
This does not affect your laws consumer rights.
18 reducing
You agree that to the extent permitted by law your only counter-measure in case of problems or dissatisfaction with the service will be full of software and stop SPOTIFY ODINSTALOWANIE of use SPOTIFY SPOTIFY.
Therefore that SPOTIFY not accept responsibility for applications outside bodies or their content and your relationship with such applications outside bodies may be subject to a separate agreements with such external actors, to the extent permitted by law your only counter-measure for SPOTIFY in case of problems or dissatisfaction with the applications outside bodies or their content is ODINSTALOWANIE any such external actors and / or applications ending the use of such applications.
In maximum permitted by the law in any case, directors, shareholders, employees, SPOTIFY agents, board members, subsidiaries, associates, legal successor,, suppliers and a licensor will not be SPOTIFY assigns, bear the responsibility for (1) any indirect specific accidental, alleged, examples of or resulting injury; (2) any being lost, data, transactions or use (whether direct or indirect profits), in all cases, resulting from the use or inability of use, application of outside bodies or the content of applications SPOTIFY outside bodies, regardless of the legal basis, regardless of whether they are notified of the possibility of SPOTIFY such damage, even if the remedy does not fulfil their basic tasks; or (3) the responsibility of the total in relation to all claims relating to service, applications outside bodies or the content of applications SPOTIFY outside bodies, in terms of the amounts paid by you for more than during the previous 12 months, in SPOTIFY the extent permitted by law.
No provision in the agreements does not prevent or hinder the responsibility for fraud, informed the Spotify error, death or damage to health caused by negligence committed by and, if required by the provisions in force Spotify law, grossly negligent.
Some aspects of this chapter may not be applicable in certain jurisdictions, if this is prohibited by law.
19 right outside bodies
Take to news and you do agree that owners content and some (such as operators of retail shops, distributors applications) are indicated and have the right to enforce contractual provisions beneficiaries contracts directly in relation to you.
Except specified in this chapter of the agreement is not intended to grant rights to anyone but you and in any case, the contract does not cause; Spotify the beneficiaries ' rights outside.
Furthermore, the rights to terminate contracts, cancelling contracts or consent to the introduction of any change, the waiver or the conclusion of agreements do not require approval by any other person.
Draw application from the app store company, inc. (apple
" Apple "), or when using this application on a system ios, read and understand the following information concerning the copy that apple and agreed to its content.
This agreement is concluded exclusively between you and not Spotify shall not be liable for apple; apple service or located in him content.
Apple has no to provide any maintenance or support in relation to service.
Where service in any way is not in conformity with any applicable, you can tell apple, guarantee and apple will you an amount paid for an application; in addition, a the extent permitted by law, apple there is no other guarantee obligation in relation to the service.
Apple there is no obligation to answer any claims brought by you or any external actors in respect of service or that the service and / or use you of it, including, inter alia: (1) the claims concerning the product liability; (2) any claims stating that a service does not comply with any of the existing legal or regulatory requirements; and (3) the claims arising from the rules on the protection of consumers or similar provisions.
Apple has no responsibility for testing, defence, recognition or any claims of outside bodies which stated that oddalanie service and / or possession and use by you applications violates intellectual property rights of such a body as.
Using service, are to comply with all the conditions of external zobowiązujesz.
Apple subsidiaries and apple are the beneficiaries of this agreement; at the time of external accepted by you this agreement apple (and it is considered that will receive the right has such a right) to enforce the provisions of this agreement-as an external this agreement in relation to the beneficiary-you.
This proposing and that (1) you don't live-guarantee it in the country embargo by the united states government nor country designated by the united states government as a country " supporting "; and (2) the terrorists are not entered / entered on any carried out by the government of the united states the lists of entities banned or restricted cooperation.
20 the agreement
Except specified in this chapter or clearly agreed in writing by you and agreement of a whole conditions agreed by you Spotify and and replace any earlier findings on the subject of Spotify these agreements made orally or in writing.
But remember, that other aspects related to the use by you on may be subject to an additional agreements. Spotify
For example access to the service by benefiting from the gift card, free Spotify version test or trial offered version of a reduced price.
With a on such aspects of use you get an agreement and you can have an additional Spotify the opportunity to consent to the additional conditions.
Some of those additional conditions are listed on the website of Spotify.
Nierozwiązywalnej if there is any contradiction between any additional conditions and these agreements, the additional conditions will be paramount.
21 separation provisions and exclusion provisions
If agreements otherwise specified, where any provision in these agreements for any reason, and in any way will be declared null and void or feasible, such nullity or not in any way affect other impracticability provisions of the agreements and will not send their expired or and this provision will be enforced in niewykonalnymi the extent permitted by law.
Niewyegzekwowanie agreements or their provisions by or external can't stand the right to the beneficiary Spotify enforcement contracts or their provisions by or external recipient. Spotify
22 assignment
Spotify may to dispose of contracts or any part thereof, as well as the delegate all its obligations arising from agreements.
You can't to dispose of contracts or any part thereof or transfer their rights under contracts or grant sublicences on these rights any third party.
23 exemption from liability
In maximum permitted by the applicable law shall be exempt from responsibility for zobowiązujesz Spotify total damage, loss and expenditure (including reasonable fees and expenses resulting from: (1)) bar infringement by you of this agreement, and (2) the content of any user; (3) any action, in which you'll take part on Spotify or via the; and (4) the infringement by you any legislation or of the rights of third parties.
24 applicable law, mandatory arbitration and jurisdiction of local courts
24.
1 applicable law / jurisdiction
Unless law of the member state of the european union or any other territory otherwise, contracts (and any non-contractual disputes arising from contracts or / claims related) is governed by law and / or member state as described below, irrespective of the rules concerning applicable law or conflicts of laws.
Consent Spotify, and agrees to talk in addition that listed below courts were in any dispute and the competent courts for claims and sticking points arising in connection with the contracts (and any non-contractual disputes / claims arising from contracts or related). (
In some cases, this feature will " exclusive ', which means that the court of any other country will not be able to deal with this issue, i.e.
Jurisdiction won't be for such matters; in other cases, jurisdiction is " ', which means that non-exclusive courts of other countries may also be appropriate.
Information on the exclusive are also contained in the table below).
Country law applicable to the jurisdiction of local courts
Poland italy right sweden; a country's exclusive courts
Turkey right sweden; the courts and other non-exclusivity courts the republic of turkey
Brazil right brazil; state and federal courts exclusivity in são paulo in the state of são paulo, brazil
Canada ontario exclusive right; the courts in ontario in canada
The united states, argentina, bolivia, chile, colombia, costa rica, dominican republic, ecuador, el salvador, guatemala, honduras, nicaragua, panama, paraguay, peru, uruguay the state of california, united states; courts state and federal in the county of exclusive san francisco, california, or in new york city in new york state
Estonia, hong kong, latvia, lithuania right sweden non-exclusivity; courts sweden
Spain right spain; the competent courts for the place of residence exclusive current consumer in spain
All the other countries right; sweden sweden exclusive courts
Spotify does not accept any codes of conduct as in force in respect of services provided under these agreements.
24.
2 waiving of class actions
If allow this law, each party agrees that party may bring a claim against the other side only, and not as a reason or themselves member of the class action in any proceedings intended to block.
If there is no consent to this both on your part, and the Spotify, no judge will not be able to combine claims arbitrator or more than one person, nor in any other way to deal with any form of class actions.
24.
3 arbitration
Because if you live, you've got, you've got a branch or activity in established drive the jurisdiction in which the provisions of chapter 24.
3 are feasible, relate to you the following mandatory provisions for arbitration:
24.
3.
1 dispute resolution and arbitration
Talk consent, as well as agrees that any dispute, Spotify claims or sticking points between you and, in any way connected with these Spotify agreements or your relationship with as user (whether from Spotify for the law, fraud, the delikcie error, or any other legal basis, regardless of whether such claims during the period of validity of contracts, or will solve them) are considered and resolved after through a mandatory binding individual arbitration.
Arbitration is less formal nature than the judicial process.
In arbitration proceedings does not involve any judge or juror; from an arbitration award can be quoted before the court to a limited extent.
Stage inquiry may be more limited than in the case of the proceedings.
Arbitrator must proceed in accordance with this agreement.
It may grant the same compensation or reparation as a court (including admit the reimbursement of expenses), but it can not bar the charges to pass judgment on the rights or to security claims by order or ban on behalf of judicial not party arbitration.
This provision for arbitration shall remain in force also after termination of contracts.
24.
3.
2 exceptions
Without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph (24.
3.
1), whether you talk, as well as the consent agrees, that none of the provisions of this Spotify document will not be at any time be construed as surrender, eliminating or other types of limitation of our rights to (1) a individual seise a court dealing with small claims, and (2) civil action enforcement through appropriate federal, state or local agency, if such action is possible; (3) of the security claims by way of order or prohibition proceedings; or (4) before a court application for action for infringement of intellectual property.
24.
3.
3 rules arbitration
Arbitration may be initiated by us or by you.
Any arbitration proceedings between you and will ultimately be settled according to current Spotify rules (" the rules ") arbitration icc international chamber of commerce (international chamber of commerce, " icc ') by at least one arbitrator designated in accordance with the rules, including the modification included in these icc agreements, and will be carried out by the international court of arbitration according to the icc.
Any arbitration proceedings will be carried out in english, and if the current laws of the member state of the european union or any other territory does not provide otherwise, in the arbitration proceedings will be applied legislation condition california, united states, irrespective of the rules concerning applicable law or conflicts of laws.
24.
3.
4 time to request arbitration
Any arbitration must start from the request for arbitration within 1 (one) year from the date on which the claimant for the first time becomes aware of action, not giving rise to the infringement or from a date which claims or reasonably could be regarded as the date that such knowledge; in the case of claims undeclared during that period are not entitled to the remedies.
If existing law forbids the use of annual for redress, any claims limitation must be notified in the shortest time allowed by the applicable law.
24.
3.
5 notice and procedure
Party that intends to request for arbitration must first send the other side of a written notification of the given by registered mail or through the federal express (), and in the signature required if we don't have your address by correspondence, via e-mail (" the notice ").
Address Spotify for sending notice:,: general Counsel, Spotify Attn 45 w.
18th street, 7th floor, new york, new york 10011, united states.
Notice must contain (1) the description of the nature and the claim or dispute; and (2) a specific forms of compensation (" claim ') brought.
Our commitment to act in the best faith in order to direct claims, but if there is no settlement agreement on this issue within 30 days of the receipt of the notification, any party may initiate an arbitration.
During arbitration of the amount of compensation offered by you or shall not be disclosed until Spotify arbitrowi a final decision and make the judgments-if an arbitrator would come to this.
Where our dispute can be resolved in the arbitration proceedings ultimately to your advantage, Spotify (1) the quota allocated by pays you arbitrator-if such amount; and (2) admitted you last the amount proposed in writing by Spotify in resolving a dispute before giving a ruling by the arbitrator or (3) usd-depending on, 1000,00 which amount will be higher.
All documents and particulars disclosed in the course of arbitration will be treated as strictly confidential by the receiving them, who will not use them in any other than to arbitration or the enforcement of decisions and judgments arbitrator; such documents and particulars shall not be disclosed, unless shall be disclosed in confidence to the persons who must know them for situations or required by law.
Except whenever it is required in order to enforce decisions and judgments arbitrator, none of the parties will be informed about the arbitration proceedings publicly, publicly comment on it or give it the publicity; this includes, inter alia, the existence of a dispute between the parties, the conduct of arbitration and of any decision or decisions of the arbitrator.
24.
3.
6 modifications
Where Spotify in the future will change this provision for arbitration (otherwise than by changing address to send notifications), reject Spotify any such change by sending us to the address to send notifications written notice within Spotify 30 days after the change; in this case, your account, and this will be immediately dezaktywowane Spotify provision for arbitration, the directly before the changes you refused by will remain in force.
24.
3.
7 feasibility
If surrender of class actions, referred to in chapter 24.
2 or any part of this section 24.
3 will be taken from invalid or feasible, this whole thing that paragraph 24.
3 invalid; in this case, the parties agree that, in relation to any proceedings arising from such agreements or connected with them is exclusive jurisdiction and in accordance with the provisions of chapter 24 jurisdiction of local courts.
1.
25 contact
If there are any questions concerning service contracts or contact chapter Spotify customer service by section about us in our Spotify's website.
If reside in california, we can send you agreement e-mail; just send us letter in the address: " Spotify, general Counsel, 45 west 18th Attn: street, 7th floor, new york, new york, united states, " giving in 10011 him his e-mail address and by providing a request for a copy of the agreements.
In addition, in accordance with paragraph 1789.
3 civil code of california, you can contact the for
Complaints division
Consumer services department of consumer affairs, writing to the address of california 1625 n.
Market blvd.,
Suite S-202, sacramento, california or by the number to 95834 submit to deal with the complaint concerning 1-800-952-5210 services, or to obtain further information on the use of a service.
Read thanks for our rules of procedure.
We hope that you like it, Spotify
Party to the agreement:
Spotify ab
Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 stockholm
Sweden (sweden)
Se556703748501
© Spotify ab.
