Last change: 4 january 2021 (versions of archives)
Staff Whatsapp
Contents
Information about our services
Privacy policy and data users
Authorised uses of our services
External services
License
Reporting copyright infringements of third parties, trade marks and other intellectual property rights
Reservations and exemption from liability
The limitation of liability
The settlement of disputes
Availability and termination of our services
Other provisions
Whatsapp access to the staff regulations in other languages
If you don't live in the european region, Whatsapp you in accordance with these services Whatsapp llc provides rules of procedure and personal privacy.
Summary of the use of and information that we have a duty to provide Whatsapp in accordance with the european code of electronic communications can be found here.
To our services (as defined below) through our applications, services, functions, software or website, we need a clear acceptance by the user (hereinafter " staff " our rules of procedure).
For users in the european economic area (including also the european union countries) and all other enabled the countries or territories (hereinafter collectively a european region), described below services (" services ') provides ireland limited (" Whatsapp, " " company " or " Whatsapp we ").
Users living in any other country or on any other territory than those in the european region provides services in accordance with this regulation and policy Whatsapp llc privacy.
Information about our services
Rules on privacy and security.
Since the launch of services in accordance with strict protection rules create Whatsapp privacy and security.
Communication user with others.
We users and we always try and improve the means of communication with other users, including by means of messages, Whatsapp voice conversations and video transmission images and videos display their status and the provision of other persons its location, where requested so wish.
Whatsapp cooperate with partners, service providers and related parties, in order to allow users to establish connections with their services.
Communication with companies.
We users (and companies and other organisations) and we always try and improve ways to communicate with each other through our service, e.g.
In order to provide information on any order, transactions and meetings, notifications of deliveries and, for products and services and update wysyłkach messages marketing.
Companies and other organisations to set out those facilities and services such as we
Providing statistics on the use of our services.
Security and integrity.
Trying to take care of security and the integrity of our services.
Include the appropriate treatment of persons abuse and activities infringing our rules of procedure of.
Are trying to prevent the misuse of our services, including control of behaviour in relation to other people.
If we can find out on persons or measures of this kind, we shall take appropriate steps to eliminate the such persons or acts or inform law enforcement agencies.
Such removal people will take place in accordance with section " termination " below.
Access to our services.
So that we can provide our services on a global scale, it is necessary to storage and distribution of content and information centres data and systems throughout the world, including outside the country of residence of the user.
The use of such global infrastructure is necessary and is crucial in the provision of our services.
Infrastructure may belong to suppliers of our services, including related entities, or have supported.
Lack of access to emergency services: there are significant differences between our services and phone user and telephone services and steady state sms.
Our services do not provide access to emergency services or service providers, including emergency police and fire brigades or hospitals or otherwise not unite with the contact points of public security.
To ensure the possibility of contact with the rescue service by mobile phone or any other service. the phone stationary
Registration.
Our services require registration by accurate information, mobile phone number and current if it changes, updating by using the change number available for the number of the application.
User agrees to receive text messages and phone calls (from us or from external suppliers) with codes for registration to our services.
Address book.
User can use the transmission and, if they allow contacts on an ongoing basis that law, give us telephone numbers of his address book, together with the numbers of both our services and other persons users from the contact list.
More information about the function contacts can be found here movement.
Age.
Users living in a country or territory in the european region must have at least 16 years (or to attain a minimum required in their country or age on their territory), in order to register in our services and benefit from them without parental permission.
Users resident in any other country or in any other territory, except for countries in the european region, must have at least 13 years (or to attain a minimum required age in their country), in order to register in our services and to use them.
Achieve minimum required in addition to requiring up to take advantage of our service in accordance with applicable law, if the user is not at the age of authorising the acceptance of our rules of procedure in its country or on its territory, it must do so on behalf of the parent or guardian to user could benefit from the services.
Please review this regulation, together with the parent or legal guardian.
Equipment and software.
User must provide to the installations and data, in order to benefit from a combination of software of our services which otherwise, we do not allow.
In order to benefit from our services, user agrees to manual or automatic downloading and installing update our services.
User it agreed to sending him periodically through our services to the extent necessary notifications to the provision of his services.
Taxes and charges.
User is responsible for all plans data operator charges and internet other taxes and charges related to the exercise by him with our services.
Privacy policy and data users
Whatsapp care about the privacy of users.
Whatsapp describes practices in the privacy policy our data (including messages), including the types of information gathered and obtained from the user, the use and sharing of such information and user rights with regard to the processing of information about him.
Authorised uses of our services
Rules of procedure and.
Users have access to our services in accordance with the rules of procedure and.
In infringements of the user regulation or principles we can take action in relation to his account, including (excluding or suspension and the user undertakes not to create another account without our approval.
Exemption or suspension of user accounts will take place in accordance with section " termination " below.
Compliance with the law and the permitted use.
Our services can be used only for legitimate.
User does not benefit from our services (or other benefit from our services) helped in a way that: (a) prejudice the right of our or other persons, users, Whatsapp including the right to privacy, the image of, intellectual property rights or other property rights or constitutes abuse of such rights; (b) is unlawful, obscene,,,,, nękający zniesławiający grożący threatening, insulting in terms of hateful racial or ethnic origin or in a provocative behaviour or to encourage behaviour unlawful or otherwise, such as unseemly
Promote crimes of violence, children or other persons and their use grożenia, coordination criminal activity; (c) associated with the publication of false or misleading content; (d) is posing as someone; (e) associated with illegal or sending messages such as inadmissible mass, sending messages or exercise calls sending messages automatically, etc.; (
(F) associated with any cases of the use of our services for purposes other than private, where we do not allow it in another way.
Whatsapp or injury to our users.
User can't (personally or in cooperation with another person) direct, indirect, automatically or otherwise, to obtain access to our services, use them, copy, swiftly, adjusted on the basis of the works of derivatives, create, provide for a licence, not distribute sub-licence, moved, or otherwise perform display, use our services in an unacceptable manner or not, or to form for us a burden, us our services, systems, harms our users or other persons, including the user must not be directly or by automated means: (a) to reverse engineering our services, affect their, adjusted on the basis of the works of derivatives, create or separate from them their dekompilować code; (b) forward, store or transmit viruses or other harmful code through our services or to computer them; (c) obtain or try to obtain access to our services or systems; nieautoryzowany (d) affect the security, confidentiality, availability or the action of our services; (e) to create accounts to our services in misuse or automated; (f
False declaration or appeal. or unreasonable by
Ensuring security account.
User liable for the behaviour of its safety equipment and accounts and is obliged to notify us immediately of Whatsapp any cases of unauthorised use of its account or our services or breach of their safety.
External services
Our services allow access to external websites user to applications, contents, other products and services and products of the companies to benefit from them and facebook and interaction with them.
The user can, for example, to external service back-up data (e.g.
Icloud google drive or), which are integrated with our services, or use the button for the provision of in the external website for sending the information to contacts Whatsapp.
Draws attention to the fact that these rules and privacy policy refers only to the use of our services.
Using products or services of freelance or other products companies their own terms and conditions of facebook govern the protection of privacy.
License
User rights.
Whatsapp not claims the ownership rights to the information provided by the user account or through our services. Whatsapp
User must have the necessary rights to the information submitted for account or through our services and the right Whatsapp to the granting of rights and licensing in our rules.
Law Whatsapp.
Any copyright, trademarks, domain, logos, signs, business secrets, patents and utility other intellectual property rights linked to our services are our property.
The user can not use our copyright, trademarks (or similar signs), domain, signs commercial business secrets, logotypów patents or other intellectual property rights, except with the permission and in accordance with our our clear guidelines brand.
User can use trademarks our related parties only with their permission, including with the authorization in any published guidelines for the brand.
License user for Whatsapp.
For enable us to provide our services, the user shall global non-exclusive, unpaid, Whatsapp includes the right to sub-licence and handling, licence, use of play, distribution of information (including content) sent supplied, stored, sent or received in our services or through them, as well as for the creation of on the basis of works of derivatives and on their display and exercise.
Rights conferred by the licence serve our services (operation and purpose a restriction on e.
Enabling profilowego user message we display pictures its status, the message and leaving messages on our servers for a period of a maximum of not delivered 30 days, when we are providing them) sample.
License Whatsapp for the user.
We user restricted, non-exclusive, the right to odwołalnej nieobejmującej and licensing of a transfer of allowances sublicencjonowania our service, subject to the records and in accordance with our rules of procedure him.
This licence is for to enable user to exercise our services in a manner allowed regulation.
User does not receive any licence or rights, or any other, outside the licenses and implicit rights granted him openly and clearly.
Reporting copyright infringements of third parties, trade marks and other intellectual property rights
To the action for infringement of copyright, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of a third party, read the rules on intellectual property rights.
We can take action in relation to the user accounts, including block or, in the event of a clear, suspend its account of serious or repeated violations of intellectual property rights of others or where they are from us that require legal obstacles.
Exemption or suspension of user accounts will take place in accordance with section " termination " below.
Reservations and exemption from liability
User benefits from our services at its own risk and subject to the following exemptions responsibility.
Provide our services capable of known, without any explicit or implicit guarantees to the user, including
Guarantee commercial value, suitability for any purpose, legal title, lack of infringements and the lack of computer viruses or other harmful code.
We can't guarantee the accuracy, completeness or suitability provided by the us information or functionality, security services, nor our bezawaryjności their functioning smoothly, delays or failures.
Not checking nor are responsible for the way in which or checking it when our users have been benefiting from our services or functions or interfaces our services.
Not are responsible for monitoring or we are not obliged to control actions or information (including content) our users or other third parties.
User relieve us, our subsidiaries, associates, and our board of directors, employees of the upstream and the downstream, partners and representatives (hereinafter " entities on the side ") together with the responsibility for any claims Whatsapp, complaints, action, differences of opinion, disputes (hereinafter " claims ") or pooled injury known and unknown, resulting from such claims user against third parties, referring to them, or in any way related.
User rights to remain unchanged as a result of the above claim Whatsapp, unless this is permitted by provisions in force in the country or in the territory of his residence, which are applied as a result of the use by him with our services.
The limitation of liability
Whatsapp responsible only as regards the following:
Whatsapp without limitations, in accordance with laws is for loss of life or health or injury in the case of intent, gross negligence and in accordance with directive on product liability.
Whatsapp dochowa professional diligence in providing user services.
Provided activities with a professional diligence, shall not be liable for the losses due to by Whatsapp breach by us of this regulation or otherwise by our actions, losses that or user, or we can reasonably be foreseen at the time of the adoption of the obligations arising from this regulation and in situations beyond our reasonable control.
The settlement of disputes
If user is a consumer and resides in the country or territory situated in the european region, the provisions of the country or territory will apply to each claim arising from regulation or our services, or associated with them, and the user can claim consider its claims in any of the competent court in his own country or in their territory with jurisdiction for the resolution of that claim.
In all other cases, the user acknowledges that the claim be addressed by the court in ireland with jurisdiction to settle claims and that the irish law regulates these rules of procedure and any claims notwithstanding conflict-of-law rules.
Availability and termination of our services
The availability of our services.
We always try and improve our services.
Means is that we can build up, add or remove services, functions, and handling of devices and platforms. some functionality
May develop interruptions of our services, including breaks maintenance, updating or breaks caused by accidents network corrective or equipment.
Benefits we can stop part or all of our services, including specific functions and providing support for specific equipment and platforms at any time after a period of notice of 30 days, while such denunciation is not required in case of urgency, such as the prevention of fraud, to respond to the legal requirements or problem-solving with safety and maintenance.
Events beyond our control, such as
Natural and other disasters events force majeure, may affect our services.
Notice.
We hope that the users application, however, they may remain Whatsapp its users at any time to solve the relationship with the for any reason, removing account. Whatsapp
Guidance how to do that can be found in articles help center devoted: mobile with an android, 'om and mobile with a Kaios iphone.
Our right to terminate the contract by reason remains intact.
Is considered to be justified reason exists when one of the parties infringes the rules, third party rights or otherwise are in breach of this regulation, and from the contractual relationship can not be wypowiadającej reasonably expected and follow-up to the agreed date notice or for a period of notice, taking into account all the circumstances of the case and after weighing the interests of both parties.
Solution for good reason is possible only after the period since the legitimate information on the other side of the infringement.
If important reason is within the framework of this regulation, the breach of the undertaking is permitted only after failure of the period granted to the application of the measure or after failure warning.
This does not, however, apply where the party that breaches of seriously and definitively refuses to comply with obligations or when after considering the interests of both parties specific circumstances justify immediate termination of the contract.
As stipulated in the section " termination " at any time we can modify, suspend or exclude the user access to our services or can benefit from them because of the suspect or unlawful behaviour, including due to fraud or in the case a legitimate expectation that the user committed an error of our rules of procedure or endangered the us our users and other persons to injury risks or potential legal responsibility.
Block or delete user account, we can also if it is not activated, or if for a prolonged period after registration will focus.
You delete account or if we block, this regulation will cease to apply or remove as an agreement between the us and the user, but the following entries will remain valid after each resolving the contractual relationship with: " licences, " reservations " Whatsapp and exemption from liability, " " the limitation of liability, " " the settlement of disputes, " " the availability and our services " and " other termination provisions. "
If you think his account was closed or suspended by mistake, please contact at support @ support.whatsapp.com.
Other provisions
Unless agreement concluded by the us and user provides otherwise, our rules of procedure is a whole agreement between us in relation to our services and replaces all previous and Whatsapp) of the agreement.
So we reserve the right to indicate in the future, that some of our services is, as appropriate (which separate regulations, can be separately). accept
Our services are not intended for distribution or use in any country or to any territory in which the distribution or use such local law or call us the rules in force would undermine in another country or in another territory.
So we reserve the right to reduce our services in any country or to any territory.
User undertakes to comply with all the existing rules on export controls and trade sanctions in the united states and outside their territory (" the law export ").
User will not directly or indirectly, exported, or otherwise transferred reeksportował provide our services: (a) any person, entity, or a territory by law; (b) export zakazanemu any person appearing in the lists of entities banned in the united states government and outside or (c) for any purpose, including for the purpose of law prohibited export related to nuclear weapons, chemical or biological or uses missile technology without the authorisation of government.
User will not be used or our services, if he resides in the forbidden he received the country or territory, where is currently on the list of banned in the united states or outside, or in any order to law and will not be concealed its export the forbidden location, using the address proxy or other methods.
Any amendments to or derogations from our rules proposed by the user need our explicit consent.
Constantly doskonalimy our services and we are developing new functions, in order to offer our users and communities even better products.
Therefore can every now and then, so that the updated rules of our services and duly reflect the practice.
Change admit only when rules are inadequate or incomplete.
Unless won't be for us one another legal obligation notify user of any change our rules of procedure with at least 30 days in advance (e.g.
By e-mail or through services), giving him the same access as amended regulation before they enter into force.
We will also ensure that any such changes are justified for the user with a view to its interests.
Zaktualizujemy, " date of last " at the beginning of the rules. changes
Changes of this regulation shall enter into force not earlier than 30 days of the notification of planned changes.
When updated rules will enter into force, it will be binding for the user for further use of our services.
We hope that users will continue to benefit from our services, however, no rules implies acceptance enjoy our cessation services by removing the account.
All of our rights and obligations arising from the rules may be for us to any of our affiliates freely moved due to the merger, takeover, the sale of assets or by law restructuring or otherwise.
If such transfer pass in accordance with the rules in force user data only, and, if necessary we ask for assent. user
Ratio user with a third party will continue this was subject to the rules.
We hope that users will continue to benefit from application Whatsapp; however, disagreement to exercise our assignment implies a need to cease in services by removing accounts after notification of transfer.
Is prohibited any transfer of rights or obligations arising out of our rules of procedure to another without the prior written consent.
Nothing in this regulation shall not exempt us from compliance with legal rules.
Except different provisions of the staff, does not confer the beneficiary any rights of third parties.
Inability to enforce this regulation is not considered a repeal of its provisions.
If any of the entries will prove to be incompatible with the law, void of or for any reason feasible, this provision will be considered at the time, to a minimum extent necessary to ensure the revised him and where further unenforceability feasibility for and will not be isolated from the rules of procedure affect the validity and enforceability of procedure and other records of the other recordings shall remain valid.
Any rights which have not been so we reserve the clearly granted by us to the user.
Jurisdictions user may have in certain consumer rights and our rules of procedure is not aimed at limiting such consumer rights, which can not be surrendered under the agreement.
Also within certain jurisdictions user may be rights as the person whose data are, and our rules of procedure is not aimed at limiting such rights, which can not be surrendered under the agreement.
Value any opinions and other suggestions for applications and our services, Whatsapp users, however, notes that there is no user their obligation to send us feedback or suggestions and that permitted to use those opinions without any restrictions or to the payment of remuneration.
Whatsapp access to the staff regulations in other languages
To gain access to our rules of procedure set out in other languages, should be to change the setting language for the Whatsapp.
If staff is not available in the chosen language, default version in english. wyświetlimy
Users may also refer to the following documents containing additional information on the use of our services.
Privacy policy Whatsapp
Rules of intellectual property rights Whatsapp
Guidelines brand Whatsapp
