Conditions for europe
Last change: 1 january 2022
Requires that user was person adult who reached in their own country and the country of residence, their majority and the user this confirms that the person is an adult.
If the user is not a person, its parent or guardian PEŁNOLETNIĄ must consent to the conclusion of this agreement.
Please read and understand this sales conditions (" conditions for the sale '), which regulates purchases of digital content, including any purchases via Battle.net ® or, such as the game, the store Battle.net ® content intended or not intended to be taken and / or other software, which is not provided in the form of material, subscriptions games, in the game, measures to submit to the digital elements as (including the " digital content ' balance Battle.net and / or services ' services ').
Natural products are currently not offered for sale on that platform.
Using platform blizzard as defined in the licensing agreement, the end user, together with any blizzard digital goods or services bought from blizzard, shall be subject to the licensing agreement the end-user licence agreement the end user, which should be read together with the sales conditions.
This conditions of sale do not regulate purchases in a shop blizzard gear (" blizzard store ") store at the gear here, because it is subject to specific rules and the conditions of service, which can be read directly on blizzard gear store.
Your order.
Order user declares that is eligible by submitting user method applied payments.
If user is resident in europe, the middle east or in africa, by means of an order for other digital content or service user applies binding offer for the purchase of digital content and / or services from a relevant activision blizzard uk limited, located at the ampersand building, 178 street, london, Wardour W1f, united kingdom (hereinafter 8fy known as " blizzard, " " we " or " us ").
Order user shall be accepted and the contract concluded after sending us by e-mail with advice on the e-mail address on his account user saved Battle.net.
Using digital content or service is also subject to the licensing agreement end user, any other licensing agreements end-user Battle.net licensor and / or other conditions of service and / or conditions service shown during the user of the order.
User agrees that the provision of digital content and / or the provision of our services started immediately after giving by us access to digital content and / or services, which can take place directly after purchase or, in the case of the submitted and / or in advance at the time when such digital content pre-sales and / or services will be made available (" application of the agreement ").
Subscriptions.
Duration subscription to game depends on the selected period abonamentowego.
To avoid any breaks in the use of digital content subscription is automatically renewed for a period of abonamentowy selected by the user.
User may cancel at any time, clicking on its subscription " cancel " located on the first tab page account account management on his record Battle.net before the expiry of the current period abonamentowego.
User entitled to use the digital content to the end of the current period abonamentowego.
Please note that in case of advance subscription, will not have the completion of the user to reimbursement, because digital content will be available to the end of abonamentowego.
Blizzard reserves the right to amend, at its own discretion, the amount of licence fees.
Blizzard send user in such a case with at least 30 days mail notification (30) in advance of prior to any change in prices.
Notification that further use after will remind the user of the current period means the acceptance of new subscriptions. abonamentowego
New price, however, will only be effective from the date of the automatic renewal subscription.
Niewyrażenia acceptance of the amendment in the case of prices, the user can cancel his subscription, clicking on " cancel " located on the first tab page account account management on his record before the start of the modified the Battle.net abonamentowego.
Cancellation must take place before the entry into force of the amendments in the prices, otherwise it is considered that the user accepted change.
Price and payment.
Depending on the country of residence and specific purchased items, buys goods from blizzard may choose different currencies.
The contain the value added tax.
Digital content and services are sold user on a prepayment.
The payment is due immediately after the contract, and, in case of automatic renewal of subscription at the beginning of a new period of abonamentowego.
User may use different methods of payment indicated during the process, such as credit card, of ordering the payment order or balance Battle.net.
When using any external service provider payment and settlement, such as paypal may apply additional conditions and the cost of that supplier.
User undertakes to pay any fees and taxes, charged to him or other persons benefiting from his account.
Cyclical subscriptions for game, if you select an user confirms that payment will be processed automatically (e.g.
Taken from its balance or credit card) until the cancellation blizzard subscription or account.
Blizzard may change the price of goods and services offered via the platform at any time, as appropriate.
The right to withdraw.
User has the right to withdraw from this contract within fourteen (14) calendar days after the purchase without giving any reason.
Period for departure expires after fourteen (14) days after the date of implementing the agreement.
In order to benefit from the right to withdraw from the contract, the user should inform us of its decision to withdraw, by sending us, in accordance with the procedure described clear statement here: https: / / / support / en / article / eu.battle.net 186491.
Such declaration must contain the user name, address, name for the account, contract number, the date of the contract and blizzard date withdrawal (example withdrawal form is at the bottom of this.
In order to ensure respect of the deadline of withdrawal, the user should send a statement to withdraw before the date of withdrawal.
Effects of withdrawal.
Effectively waive the agreement, we will pay if the user within a reasonable time all received by him payments, which will not later than fourteen (14) days from the date on which we will be informed about his decision to withdraw.
Unless user clearly not us otherwise, we will instruct using the same reimbursement of means of payment, which the user used during the initial transaction; user under no circumstances will incur fees in connection with the reimbursement.
If access to the service in the period of withdrawal user requests, user undertakes to pay us amount proportional to the range of services carried out until telling us to withdraw from this agreement, compared to the full scope of the agreement.
Note:
Anyhow user this explicitly acknowledges that the right of cancellation in relation to the purchase of digital content ceases to have him after the start of the use of them (see section 1.
Above), and in the case of game software, which requires taking before being given access to the content, after obtaining access to such content.
User explicitly acknowledges that is a right of withdrawal in respect of all services, if their performance has begun, with his explicit consent (see section 1.
Above) and when the agreement was by us fully carried out.
Detailed information on the procedures for reimbursement of expenses used by the company can be found in our policy of phrases. blizzard
Please consultation with our procedures for reimbursement before purchasing.
Changes in the terms of sale.
Can modify or update these conditions vary periodically sales and amended conditions for the sale will apply to all subsequent purchases.
User undertakes to read and to accept the conditions of sale before each purchase.
Compensation and the limitation of liability.
6.
1
6.
1.
1.
No provision in these conditions is not responsibility for (a) blizzard of death or injury resulting from our negligence or neglect our body employees or their representatives; (b), (c) breach of the obligations of our intentional fraud or of misleading consumers; (d) the deliberate gross negligence or (e) any other responsibilities, which can not be excluded or limited in accordance with applicable law.
6.
1.
2.
Without prejudice to point 6.
1.
1 blizzard shall not be liable for any damage intermediate performance, or resulting from compensation retorsyjnego unpredictable, or for any loss of benefits, profits or revenues, projected savings income loss or loss of data, irrespective of the manner in which it took place.
Blizzard shall not be liable for damage resulting from the purchases made under these conditions of sale, as a result of fault or negligence on the part of the user or for which we have no influence events (see section " force majeure " below).
6.
1.
3.
Blizzard responsible only for the slight negligence when blizzard relevant contractual obligation resulting from these conditions affect sales, for example, if we don't get paid a product or service, with responsibility blizzard will be limited to responsibility for typical and predictable, excluding in each case, damages indirect damage, damage resulting from a claim and / or damage the resultant. retorsyjnego
6.
1.
4.
For all other obligations, the overall responsibility for claims or total blizzard series related claims is limited to the typical and foreseeable damage resulting from the as the basis for claims and will be limited to an amount equal to charges made by the user to blizzard in the 30 days immediately prior to the transfer of the claim.
6.
2 user undertakes to exempt from responsibility for any obligations, blizzard of claims and the costs incurred by the company or chargeable to it as a result of blizzard direct or indirect benefits by blizzard services related to our products or the provision of products to the user.
Except as provided in the licensing agreement the end-user or other agreements between the holder and a blizzard blizzard, a company shall not be liable to the blizzard for products covered by patents, copyrights, rights to databases, registered models, trade marks or other successful third parties.
For this purpose, read with the appropriate conditions producer or the owner of the product.
Force majeure.
Blizzard shall not be liable to the user, nor does not affect the contract, in the event of any loss or damage resulting directly or indirectly from late implementation of implementation of the agreement by a blizzard or can not due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control blizzard.
In such a case may cancel the contract and to draw any user blizzard payments made.
Shortcomings.
For defects shall apply the laws.
Customer.
Details chapter customer service can be found at http: / / eu.support.blizzard.com / pl-pl.
In case of any enquiries in relation to the user digital content and / or services, the user should first contact with our chapter customer service.
Dispute settlement in the case in the european union and the united kingdom.
If niesatysfakcjonującego solutions by our department customer service a resident of the union, the european user requests the european commission ensures platform, which is available online dispute resolution at the following address: http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
If niesatysfakcjonującego solutions by our division customer service which is the united kingdom, an inhabitant of the user query the uk government provides information on consumer rights at the following address: https: / / www.gov.uk / consumer-protection-rights.
All of the agreement.
Conditions for the sale and license agreement the end user takes precedence over the other agreements between the parties are blizzard or agreements resulting from the trade, customs or handling.
Any implicit conditions conflict with those, including made with third parties, shall be excluded as allowed by law.
Applicable law.
For award in blizzard entertainment sas, conditions for the sale are governed by french law and are in accordance with him interpreted; in the case of a contract in the blizzard entertainment international, i.e.
Trade name activision blizzard international b.
V.
Or activision blizzard international b.
V.,
Conditions for the sale is subject to law and are in accordance with the netherlands; excluding him interpreted conflict-of-law rules and with the exception of the united nations convention on the agreements international sale of goods.
The courts.
As far as possible permitted by applicable law, the user is explicit consent to exclusive jurisdiction for all claims or actions arising from these sales conditions or related or french, dutch courts had depending on who has concluded the contract in point 1. user
Annex: model withdrawal form
To:
Activision blizzard uk limited
Declare that from concluded by me sales contract following odstępuję digital content / of the following services: (please indicate the name of digital content / services)
Contract date: (please indicate the date)
Order number: [indicate the contract)
Name: (please indicate your name]
Address: (please provide its address]
Account blizzard: [please specify e-mail address his account blizzard)
Date: (please give the date and for sending mail to put his signature]
