Conditions under which services yahoo
The most exciting news.
Our parent company was taken over by the funds managed by companies linked to apollo global management, inc.
And its consolidated subsidiaries.
More information can be found in our press release.
1 november 2021
Name companies providing products and services, with which you have, was changed from verizon media on yahoo emea limited emea limited.
At this point, the method of processing your data remains unchanged.
2017 launched in june the merger of companies in one company dedicated to the yahoo and aol digital media and mobilnymi.
We act on the basis of the service provision conditions. zunifikowanych yahoo
Account yahoo or if you have an account you'll have to accept the following conditions for the provision of services aol. (
Note, if not yet the following conditions to provide services, the current terms you accepted to provide services or the conditions under which services oath yahoo (for) shall apply to your account on aol).
For all the services and products which do not require registration, yahoo, the following conditions shall apply from 25 may 2018.
If you create a new account, the following conditions will apply from today.
Conditions under which services yahoo
Welcome to yahoo
Company yahoo inc.
And all of its brand (including brand falling within the company yahoo and) are listed in section 13 aol.
Organisational units listed in sections 13 and 14 (known as ", " " we together yahoo, " " us, " " our ") belong to the family firms yahoo.
Our brand, website, applications, products, services and technologies (" services ") are offered by the entities listed in section 13.
Please read the sections from 1 to 13 and 14.
1 and 14.
13 which relate to the user.
Using this service, you agreed to these conditions, the policy in our centre privacy and any guidance communities and additional conditions given in the context of the services used (including " conditions ').
Read it those conditions, since they are all agreement between you and us.
Those conditions include the limitations of our responsibility in section 9.
Users in the usa: in section 14.
2 is the content of the binding agreement on arbitration clauses and the resulting from class actions and the exemptions with the participation of the jury.
They relate to all users in the usa.
Use of
Power of attorney.
User confirms that has the power to the use of services in accordance with the relevant provisions.
If relies on activities on behalf of, an undertaking or another entity declares that has a mandate to accept these conditions on behalf of.
In this case the accept these conditions, the " user ' means the entity.
If user makes use of the account on behalf of the owner (for example, as administrator, whether), conditions include its consultant analyst activities carried out on behalf of the owner of the account.
Exemption from liability.
If user uses the services of on behalf of, an undertaking or another entity or uses services for commercial purposes, user and the entities defined in section 8 (exempt yahoo) with responsibility and protect them against liability arising from the actions, and actions that could be created claims in connection with using these services or breach of these conditions.
This includes any damage and expenditure resulting from claims (including for negligence), losses, damages actions judgments, costs and the services of lawyers.
Age.
If the user has less than the minimum age (years as defined in section 14), can not register account.
If user is not an existing accounts in the usa, must be family yahoo for at least the minimum age, in order to benefit from services.
Some service areas contain adult content.
From these content may benefit only adults (i.e. the appropriate age depending on the country).
The members.
You agree not to use the facilities in a manner that would affect these conditions our communities, including guidelines for:
Obtain or try to obtain unauthorised access to our services or servers, the systems, networks or data;
Any content harmful to children, to make threats, nature,, behaviour, obelżywych beset vulgar, a defamatory, oszczerczych affecting the hatred, as well as anyone's privacy, inappropriate racial, ethnic or other;
Affect applicable law and regulations;
Podszywać under other persons or entities or manufacture or modify any headlines or devices in order to hide source content sent via the services;
Provide content, which has no right to make available any or which contravene the patents, trademarks, the protection of business secrets, copyright and other intellectual property rights of any person or entity;
Publish content containing advertising or do other treatments commercial without prior our written consent;
Viruses code computer files available to programmes or content intended for interrupting, destruction or limit the availability of services or functions influence the other users;
In any way interfere with services, servers, systems and networks, combined with services or interfere with their action.
Use of a service.
User must follow the guidelines and principles combination of services.
Abused services may not interfere in not or try to obtain access to them using methods other than made available by the us interfaces and instructions.
Services can use only to the extent permitted by law.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, can not benefit from the services (and any parts) or again to use them for commercial purposes.
Export control.
User confirmed that they will act in accordance with the laws and regulations export restrictions applicable in the usa and trade elsewhere.
This also includes the export department of trade and the american industry and security as well as the embargo and programmes trade sanctions introduced by the ministry of the treasury usa and audit office foreign assets.
User reaffirms and ensures that: (1) is not subject to any of the prohibited government letter (for example, exclusions from export http: / / www.bis.doc.gov / /); (2) complianceandenforcement liststocheck.htm will not again services or use them for the transmission of export software, or any other technical data to the entities or technology countries banned; (3) will not use the services in the context of the military to use nuclear weapons, rocket, chemical and biological or in any other purposes, for which the use of services for exports and imports in the usa infringes the rules or other relevant countries.
Anti-corruption legislation.
User confirmed that they will act in accordance with the applicable rules, including payment anyone antykorupcyjnymi zabraniającymi in order to in connection with these conditions. skorumpowania
Ownership and reusing.
Use of a service does not allow any intellectual property rights or other take or shares in service or used content.
Trademarks or logo must not be used, unless we gave used in services to that express written consent.
May not be removed, obscure or change any comments legal services or in their displayed in context.
Must not be without the express written consent reproduce, adjusted, rent, sell, disseminate, exchange, dzierżawić sent, envisage, conducted create derived products or publicly used for any commercial purpose any part of the services (including content, advertising, interfaces and software) or to obtain them api access for this purpose.
Licence software.
Provided continuous action in accordance with those conditions we user for personal use unpaid,,, and inalienable nieprzenoszalnej software licences and interfaces odwołalnej non-exclusive, which may be made available by the us api within the framework of services.
This license is intended solely to enable the use of services provided by the us in a permitted under these conditions and any additional conditions or guidelines.
Must not have our software engineering backward or try to its source code, unless the distinguished relevant provisions prohibit the application of those restrictions or we give to it express written consent.
Our software can automatically download and install updates of collateral and other without prior notification to the user.
Support.
Unless it is confirmed that clearly we can't guarantee that will give any support relating to services.
If we support, we do it at its own discretion and that does not mean that it will continue to provide support in the future.
Charges.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to charge fees for the use of services (and any combination with them support or obtaining access), regardless of whether they currently exist, according to our sole discretion.
If we decide to charging, will be used our conditions payments referred report in advance.
Different versions of the services.
With different versions services may be available different functions.
Some of the functions may not be available in the country or region.
Some functions may not be available to users that communicate using another version of the software services or third parties.
Rules for the prevention of fraud.
Zabraniamy unwanted e-mail or other using sending our services.
Must not lead on objects and commercial activities on the basis of services or use services non-commercial application to a large extent without the prior written consent.
Must not act in a hampering action services or their quality to other users. degradation is
Conditions programme Envrmnt 360.
Users in the usa: applicable conditions programme are available in english 360 Envrmnt here and here in spanish.
Feeds when using the rss made available by the us (each " feed '), you can only display content yahoo this channel, without modification, and you must display information about the spring, together with the coupling to the entire article in the rss yahoo.
You can't put advertising in the rss yahoo.
So we reserve the right to withdraw the rss yahoo at any time and the right to stop this channel at any moment and use of any cause.
For all of our products and services may apply special conditions on the use of related rss yahoo.
User account and notification
Account data.
The use of certain services may be needed an account.
User must ensure that the data of its accounts (information given in the registration or subscription services) are up-to-date, complete, accurate and true.
Excluding accounts all accounts shall not be transferable and aol, yahoo any right to them shall cease to apply in the case of death of the owner of the account.
Access to the account.
User is responsible for all the activities carried out on his account, and through it.
In order to protect an account, should not be published password to him.
Password accounts should not be used in other services to.
If user password or will not be able to review will account yahoo, agrees that account and confirms and any combination with him data may cease to be available.
This does not concern situations listed in the relevant provisions.
Notification.
Yahoo can send notifications concerning, inter alia, services and change these conditions, using e-mail, traditional mail, texting, sms, mms messages, notifications push messages in applications, publication in services and also on the phone or by using other methods currently known or developed in the future, reasonable.
User agrees to receive the notifications using any of these methods.
User may not receive notifications, if these conditions and affect access to services in a way. nieautoryzowany
Assumes that it receives all which must be provided in the case of notification for gaining access to services in authorised manner.
Privacy and data protection
Our privacy as handle a country like we centre personal data of users.
When using the services, the user agrees to our privacy policy-and that, to make use of its information in accordance with that policy.
Using capitalizing on the services and yahoo, user confirms that many of the services is personalizowanych.
Many of these services can be made available only on the basis of personal data, which allow the individual to adapt and advertising.
Visit our center, to find out more about the privacy personalization.
Procedure roszczeniowa concerning copyright infringements and other intellectual property rights
We care about intellectual property from third parties and we expect that users do it too.
Where appropriate and as we wish we can turn off or close user accounts affecting these rights or take other measures in connection with them.
If you think his copyright or other infringement of intellectual property rights, should comply with the instructions given here.
Content contained in the services and the licence to yahoo
Content.
To our services are displayed some content, which do not or who are not our property. wytworzyliśmy
For such content corresponds only or persons who, it shall make available. the
Not bear any liability for action third parties, including persons or parties with which komunikujesz using services.
Many transmission services allows content.
User responsible for content, which shall forward, it shall publish, by e-mail, send sends or otherwise shall make available via the services.
Yahoo bears no responsibility for this.
, We can remove the content or refuse their display, if conditions or appropriate right or provisions. break
This does not mean, however, that we are monitoring services or or any content. we selekcjonujemy
Using services user understands and confirms that may face on the offensive, obscene and / or undesirable.
Ownership copyright and the licence.
Except described in specific terms our products and our our services, when the user shall or shall forward the data for services, shall retain the right to property and all available intellectual property rights, and we shall international unpaid, non-exclusive, land register, and to licence, irrevocable przenoszalnej (a), the use of podlicencjonowanie hosting, storage, reproduction, modifying, the creation of content derivatives (such as translation, adaptations, the summaries and other changes), information, publication of public exercise, public display, and disseminating this content in any form, using any method of delivery and any media currently known or drawn up in the future; (b) allowing the other users to access, reproduction, dissemination, public execution, the creation of content derivatives and public content via services, according to the performance of the functions of these services (for example, when users refer to blog, again publish or these calls may content).
Some services may be specific conditions or allowing the use of content in different fields settings sent.
The operator must have required to give us rights as described in section 6 (b) of any content, made available or sent in these services provided.
Modifying and closure of services, closure of accounts
Still develop, change, and we improve services.
Unless stated otherwise for the region concerned in section 14, we can without the add and remove functions, place restrictions, as well as temporarily or permanently suspend or exclude services.
Anytime you can stop to use the facilities.
May at any time cancel or delete account here and cancel or delete account yahoo aol here.
For more information, visit the help center.
Unless stated otherwise for the region concerned in section 14, we can at any time, for any reason (such as a breach of those conditions, a court order or silence) temporarily or permanently to suspend or to close your account or introduce for him (including restrictions on access to parts or all of the services).
Unless legal rights user provide otherwise, if account will be closed, can not be obtained access to the user name and password, the account information files and content may be removed and the user name may be used again by other operators.
If the service is payable, please refer to our payment terms available here.
Our guarantees and the waiver of liability
In maximum permitted by the law we, our company overriding or associated its representatives, minor steering workers, subcontractor agents, partners, distributors and (including " the licensee ') not we any claims yahoo promises or guarantees, or alleged, on services. clear
Our services such as they are in a position to provide, with all the deficiencies, in accordance with their availability.
User makes use of services, including contained therein content, at its own risk.
Not we any claims or guarantee that promises services will be available without interruption, in time, safely, or without errors.
User understands and confirms that can not be guaranteed security of any data transmission via the internet or by means of technology storage of data, and we clearly we refuse to guarantee the explicit or benefits. alleged,
We do not take any obligations, don't we or we do not offer guarantees as regards promises content of services or made available through the links with the level of services, technical assistance related to services, specific functions of services, security services, reliability, quality, accuracy and availability of services or to meet the needs of, offering specific data starting or to achieve the specified performance.
In some jurisdictions are some alleged guarantees, for example an implied guarantee sales opportunities, suitability for any purpose or not harming rights of third parties.
Fully acceptable by the relevant provisions refuse to grant any alleged or promises or guarantees concerning services. open
The limitation of liability
Fully permitted by applicable provisions understands and confirms that the user is not responsible for: all entities yahoo intermediate special accidental resulting (including three compensation or other), compensation criminal or multiple resulting from these conditions or associated with dissuasive them or with the use of services.
Entities yahoo are not responsible for loss of earnings, the loss of revenue loss of business opportunities, the reduction in value, including any alleged loss or diminution of the personal data or for any other losses (including " losses ") resulting from these conditions occurring in relation to them or resulting from the use of or access to services, inter alia, for the losses resulting from or incurred in the context of: disposal, changes vicious supply or data or sent using services operated NIEPRZECHOWANIA; restricted suspension or closure account; intake or to provide the information including personal data, through services; unauthorised access to user accounts or any data handled or using services; made available by the services sent or third parties links to websites or external resources; the use by the user of the promotion of services or through them advertisers found; all goods and services sold by those at the moment.
Yahoo entities were not responsible for the problems caused by the other parties, erroneous or unlawful acts of third parties or events random.
Restrictions and exemptions described in these conditions, shall apply regardless of whether we were informed about the potential for any loss or could have been expected that we are going to know about them.
Fully permitted by law and except as described in section 14 do not correspond to any dispute yahoo operators resulting from the application of these conditions or services or their related to any amount paid higher than the fees for services.
Opinions
User affirms that all recommendations ideas proposals suggestions opinions and other information (" opinions ") sent to us in connection with our products, services, websites, applications may be for us or technologies used without any notification obligations, restrictions and free of charge, and also waives the (confirms that you won't be any rights) can have now or obtained in future (including the rights of moral and their equivalents) in the context of an opinion.
Services paid and settlement.
Unless stated otherwise in additional conditions relating to the services used, apply conditions in this section 11.
We offer products and services (" services "). paid for sale
Services payable are subject to additional conditions to which the user agrees with registration in such services, as well as these conditions.
Registration service pay calls for the indication, administration and correct information on the methods of payment, as well as of the accounts and payments means a commitment to continual updating of such information.
Many services paid requires a or registration identifier or yahoo aol.
Customers using offers aol should refer to the additional conditions Dial-up available here.
All our services paid concern the following important provisions:
Products of third parties.
Service payable if third party user product contains understands and confirms that the purchase and use of services are also conditions service and privacy policy a third party which must be read carefully before expressing the consent.
Payments.
User declares that it has completed at least as old as is required to take the legal commitments.
Confirms that will pay any fees from us, and bought services paid any charges resulting from the application of accounts, including the applicable taxes and other charges.
Is responsible for any charges related to his account, including for purchases own of any person which authorises the use of this account, accounts and combined (including any minor people with, real or obvious authorisation), dorozumianym as well as of any person who will have access to its accounts as a result of its negligence in the protection of the statements of authentication.
Method of payment.
User entitle us to draw from the indicated and for methods of payment of these charges-failure to other methods of payment, that in us charging record, even if we have access to it in connection with other services paid.
Is responsible for all charges even in case of error or refused during loading indicated methods of payment.
User entitle us to store information about any methods payments associated with his record.
Import information about payments made in previous can purchase and provide this information for the purchase of a new use of the option.
User permitted for and the use of updated information from exhibitors payments in accordance with the rules and procedures his methods of a given supplier cards.
In some cases, we can at their own discretion still burden after its expiry date, the method of payment unless it is an organisation is payment or a bank, approves that has issued a card.
For certain payment methods, for example, payments from current account or savings accounts, may apply additional charges.
The payment terms.
Charges payable can collect in advance, every day, every month, every year, at the same time or otherwise in accordance with the terms stipulated, throughout the activity of subscription, even if not or will not use of services and take the user will not have access to online accounts.
Automatic renewal.
Many of our services paid shall be automatically renewed.
Subscription paid automatically on the last day of each service entry and credit card or another we renew the method of payment which with us, unless cancelled subscription is registered at least 48 hours before the end of the current period.
Unless stated otherwise in section 14, subscription will automatically be renewed at valid for that time.
At renewal shall not be considered promotional prices or discounts.
Can discretion burden for the payment method individual charges or merge some or all the charges for our services, which the user has paid.
Protection against fraud.
We can take steps in order to verify the accuracy of the reported information, the credit card.
This also includes card by less than usd 1 and immediate recovery of that amount.
User entitle us to such verification, for the purpose of protection against fraud.
Free versions of the test.
Versions test, which allow the we can offer free services paid without the payment of fees and trial subscription commitments (" free version ") test.
Unless otherwise stated and subscription is not cancelled before the period of free trial, will be charged fees for periodic version under the then applicable amounts. subscription
Charges will be taken until the cancellation of the subscription.
If a service is not satisfactory, should be lifted paid subscription before the test, in order to avoid charges. free version
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to introduce restrictions to a free trial or promotion on the pay-tv services version as well as to prohibit such mergers or other promotional offers version.
Lack of reimbursement money.
No fees shall not be reimbursed, unless otherwise stated in under the conditions set for the registration of in service companies unless otherwise stated for the region concerned in section 14 or otherwise stated below.
Closure.
We discretion and without the amended or withdrawn close any aspect service pay.
This includes access to support services, content, and other products and ancillary services services pay.
In this case, we do repayment for the relevant elements of the period during which will not be for the remaining available.
Anytime user may cancel service, on account of online and paid logując closing subscription.
Modification of the charges and the method of accounting.
At any time, we can change fees and the methods of accounting.
Any increase in the prices we will at least thirty (30) the user days earlier.
, Under current legislation (i) if the user does not agree with the proposed amendment, the only counter-measure is payable before the amendment, the cancellation of services (ii) the continued use of services or subscription service after the change means agreed to pay the new prices.
Outstanding payments.
30 days from, it is considered that the user fee is not paid's due charges payable service.
We then close or suspend account in service paid for non-payment.
User is responsible for all costs, including the salaries and fees to lawyers collection in order to recover payments due. we
90-day period of warning.
User must tell us about the problems, or errors relating to accounts, that occur in extract, within 90 days of the methods of payment of the first of them.
If it does not in a period of 90 days, waives the right to object on these problems, or errors
Information on those conditions
Other beneficiaries and conflict.
These conditions describe the relationship between the us and the user.
Not means the right of the other beneficiaries.
If conflicts or inconsistency between the conditions contained in this document and additional conditions combination with a service, conflict or inconsistency is solely on the basis of additional conditions. solves
Modification of the conditions.
Unless stated otherwise for the region concerned in section 14, we can modify periodically conditions.
Unless different modifications will apply from the date of will show their publication on this page or a, which it in the future will replace.
Should be reviewed regularly conditions.
Relevant changes will notify as specified in section 3 (c) above.
The continued use of services.
At any time you can stop using the services.
If he doesn't use the services or subscription service after the entry into force of any modifications to the terms, it will mean consent to the modified conditions.
Forgoing rights and separation conditions.
Unless we rights or provisions set out in these conditions or not, this does not mean renounce these we enforce rights or opt out of those provisions.
If it is found that any provision (or part of the provisions) of these conditions has no legal status, and we agree in spite of this user act in accordance with the intention of the provisions, and other provisions of the conditions remain in force.
Assignment.
Freely cedować these conditions and any rules, we can and other documents, which these conditions contain or to which they relate (including any resulting rights, licences and liabilities), in whole or in part, without notification of any reasons, including for the purposes of internal restructuring (such as mergers or liquidation).
Service provider
Services provide a company that it offers in the region concerned as specified in section 14 (" operator "). yahoo
This does not concern services listed in section 13 (b).
Some services or functions may not be available in a particular country or region.
Different functions may be available in the different versions of services.
Your service provider can change, if you to another country and will continue to benefit from our services.
Following services provides such an entity, regardless of the user's location in the world yahoo:
For services of section 13 (b) applies with section 14.
2 (usa).
Following services shall provide company inc.: yahoo
Engadget (unless otherwise stated in section 14)
Techcrunch (unless otherwise stated in section 14)
Rivals
Yahoo view
Yahoo developer network
Makers
Following services the company provides yahoo ad tech llc:
Aol him.
Learning center
Following services provides a yahoo fantasy sports llc:
U.
P.
Daily fantasy
U.
P.
Fantasy cash Leagues
U.
P.
Fantasy pro Leagues
Other services of the sport shall be made available by the yahoo fantastic inc.
Service Ryot studio inc. company provides Thehuffingtonpost.com
Service Flurry provides the company Flurry llc
Contracting parties, the choice of applicable law, the settlement of disputes and other local provisions related to region
Section 13 search service provider, from which you can use.
Supplier made with this agreement on services.
The choice of law, the dispute settlement, some definitions of terms (including operator yahoo) and other local provisions dependent on region are given in section 14.
In case you have any questions, please contact the operation using appropriate information contact for the customer region listed below.
United states (us):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo: yahoo inc. (
22000 aol, address: way, va.) dulles 20166
Minimum age: 13
Binding contract of arbitration.
Contract referral for users in the usa.
You and we agree that any dispute controversy and claims to in any way are derived from the conditions of or in connection with them or are associated with any provided by the us services (or any advertisements in these services), including any disputes between you and our workers or agents (" the parties ") will be dispute exclusively by individual arbitration or by a court on.
Small claims civil.
Realize agree to these conditions means that the only way to settle disputes between us is hearing in court on arbitration or
Small claims civil.
Understand that by agreeing to these conditions, you and we we waive the right of actions in court or using the involving jury (apart from the questions possible for consideration in court on
Small claims civil) as well as the right to table class actions or REZYGNUJECIE other actions by the qualified entities. WYTACZANYCH
Referral may differ from the court, however, may grant compensation and reparation in such an arbitrator and the same as the court to give a ruling on the basis of decisions may be made to the court of competent jurisdiction arbitrator.
Parties understand that, without the mandatory provisions would have the right to make actions and the hearing involving the jury.
Parties understand as well that in certain situations may exceed the cost of legal proceedings, the cost of arbitration and the right to disclosure in the referral may be more limited than in the case of the trial.
Also we agree on the following points:
Notification of the dispute.
If you or we are going to benefit from the referral in respect of these conditions, the party requesting referral must notify in writing the other party of the dispute at least 30 days prior to the arbitration.
Notification yahoo or by post to should be sent to the following address yahoo, Disputes, first avenue, Attn: 701, ca, by e-mail or 94089 sunnyvale, california at the address disputes @ yahooinc.com.
Send notification on your e-mail addresses and postal, if we are registered at the time of dispatch of the notification.
Notification describe the claim and the expected compensation.
If dispute can not be resolved within 30 days, the two parties may request arbitration.
The arbitration procedure.
These conditions apply to the federal law on arbitration proceedings (federal Arbitration act).
Outside rozprawami at for
Civil small claims will be carried out by any dispute by arbitration organisation (american Arbitration association aaa.
Organisation aaa will apply a commercial in order to conduct of arbitration of any dispute arbitration associated with those conditions.
If you're a person using the services for personal use or household organisation aaa applies (excluding any rules of arbitration consumer rules and procedures, allowing for class action lawsuits).
Procedures (including the process of starting), and the information on charges arbitration rules are available in the organisation (aaa) www.adr.org.
This conditions shall apply in so far as such are not contrary to the rules of arbitration commercial or consumer organisation aaa.
Option to benefit from the european
Small claims civil.
, Instead of arbitration, you can bring to the court for an individual application
Civil small claims in their country of residence (and in the case of-the principal place of business) or in the county, california, in so far as santa clara dispute meets the requirements of such a court.
Location of the arbitration.
Unless you and we do not otherwise, arbitration must be carried out, or we shall be lodged in the courts for the application
Small claims civil in country of residence or in the county of santa clara, california.
Fees and expenses of the arbitration.
Return you all charges with the request for arbitration dispute, which will collect organisation aaa.
You written notice if you can't pay fees for request, her directly in the organisation of aaa. wpłacimy
If arbitration will be continued, any subsequent administrative fees and for uiścimy arbitration.
Proposals settlement.
Can without obligations, make a written at any time before the arbitration or settlement proposal during.
Amount or conditions of any agreement can not be disclosed, unless an arbitrator will issue an opinion concerning the arbitrowi claims and not earlier than it happens.
If won't you accept offers, and decision of the arbitrator shall be granted amount greater than our offer, but less than $ 5000, we confirm that: (a) pay $ 5000 rather than less, (b) the sum granted to a reasonable degree you fees paid by opłacimy and incurred legal expenses, (c) pay all the costs of the request for arbitration, fees for the arbitrator and expenses incurred in connection with any arbitrage your dispute.
If decision of the arbitrator shall be granted amount greater than $ 5000 and not of that decision, the amount allocated. zaskarżymy pay
Separation.
If any part of this agreement to arbitration is found by the court in the relevant jurisdiction unenforceable, the agreement will change within the required range (to remove the relevant parts) and the parties shall unenforceability arbitration dispute without recourse to make use of or unworkable parts.
If for any reason the waiver to a block laid down in subsection 14.
Impracticable 2c. in relation to the whole or part of a dispute, the arbitration will not apply to this dispute or that part of the dispute.
Any disputes covered by the renunciation rights to redress block, order which is considered impractical, may be considered only in court in the relevant jurisdiction, but the remainder of the arbitration shall remain in force and enforceable.
In order to avoid doubt or uncertainty, do not agree on arbitration collective or the on any claims brought on behalf of the other party arbitration.
Waiver to an block for users in the usa.
These conditions do not permit the arbitration, even if that procedure or allow collective rules for organising aaa.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these conditions, the conciliator may decide to compensation of money or to one side order only and only to the extent required for requesting compensation necessary redress guaranteed by individual this side. claim
Proceedings arbitration and judicial held in accordance with these conditions may not be initiated, supported or on behalf of the group, either by resolved or as private enforcement transferred in the public interest or in another form requiring representative.
In addition, the individual may not be combined without the consent of all parties.
All issues relating to the feasibility or interpretation of this paragraph will be settled by a court and not by an arbitrator.
Surrender right to trial involving jury for users in the usa.
If for any reason dispute will be considered by judicial means, and not in the arbitration, user and we then we agree to the hearing take place without the participation of the jury.
User unconditionally and we, we are foregoing any right to trial involving the jury in case of any actions or proceedings reciprocal claims in any way under these conditions or related.
Judicial application may be made in the case of the paragraph as proof of the written consent to proceedings involving the judge.
The choice of law.
These conditions and relationship between the parties, including any claims and disputes arising between the parties, having the character of contract, or any other, subject to the provisions of deliktowy new york without taking into account the elements they conflict-of-law rules.
Parties shall in no case will claims against each other under the law of another country.
Forum.
If for any reason dispute will be considered by judicial means, and not in the referral, any dispute arising in connection with these conditions or resulting from the theory), including (regardless of relationship between user and us, will be considered in the courts, new york county in the state of new york or in the district court for the southern neighbourhoods of new york.
In such cases, the user, and we agree should have jurisdiction over located in the county of new york partnership courts in new york state, or the district court in new york, and also we abandon any allegations of lack of competence or local courts. such partnership
Support client.
Below are the links on the support of the client.
Support client for products brand aol
Acctwsparcie client for other products (in english)
Customer support for other products (in spanish)
Guidelines for the community.
Below constitutional guidelines for the community yahoo:
English version
Spanish version
Services represent " software " and " commercial ' in accordance with use of these terms commercial objects in the usa on purchases (federal acquisition regulation), and the law of the united states applies only to the extent admitted to all other users in accordance with these terms and conditions, and without exceeding the limits laid down in the far beyond the minimum rights 52.
227-19.
Subtitles.
Yahoo apply the rules and provisions of the federal communications commission on inscriptions in video content.
At https: / / www.
Yahooinc.com captioning / accessibility / / to find more information on this subject, as well as provide any comments and complaints about video content available in networks of yahoo.
New jersey apply all limitation of liability laid down in section 9, but nothing in those conditions do not preclude nor limit of liability for the international activities of gross negligence, deliberate deliktów or breach of the obligations laid down by law.
User confirms that will not use services in order to provide material support, or the availability of resources (or hiding place, sources and property, the type of urgency to keep such support or such resources) for organisations recognised by the government of the united states for terrorist in accordance with section 219 us law on immigration and nationality (immigration and Nationality act)
Argentina (ar), chile (cl), colombia (at), hong kong (hk), mexico (mx), peru (pe) and venezuela (ve):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo: yahoo international inc. (
1921 address: avenue, nw 87, fl, usa) Doral 33172
Minimum age: 13
Binding contract of arbitration.
Agreement on arbitration.
Yahoo agree that you and any disputes controversy and claims to in any way are derived from the conditions of or in connection with them or are associated with any provided by the us services (or any advertisements in these services), including any disputes between you and our workers or agents (" the parties ") will be dispute exclusively by individual arbitration or by a court on.
Small claims civil.
Realize agree to these conditions means that the only way to settle disputes between us is hearing in court on arbitration or
Small claims civil.
Understand that by agreeing to these conditions, you and yahoo with the right of actions in court or REZYGNUJECIE use of hearings involving jury (apart from the questions possible for consideration in court on
Small claims civil) as well as the right to table class actions or REZYGNUJECIE other actions by the qualified entities. WYTACZANYCH
Referral may differ from the court, however, may grant compensation and reparation in such an arbitrator and the same as the court to give a ruling on the basis of decisions may be made to the court of competent jurisdiction arbitrator.
Parties understand that, without the mandatory provisions would have the right to make actions and the hearing involving the jury.
Parties understand as well that in certain situations may exceed the cost of legal proceedings, the cost of arbitration and the right to disclosure in the referral may be more limited than in the case of the trial.
Parties shall also agree on the following points:
Notification of the dispute.
If you or we are going to benefit from the referral in respect of these conditions, the party requesting referral must notify in writing the other party of the dispute at least 30 days prior to the arbitration.
Notification up to us to send or by post at the address, Attn: Disputes, yahoo first avenue, 701, ca, by e-mail or 94089 sunnyvale, california at the address disputes @ yahooinc.com.
Send notification on your e-mail addresses and postal, if we are registered at the time of dispatch of the notification.
Notification describe the claim and the expected compensation.
If dispute can not be resolved within 30 days, the two parties may request arbitration.
The arbitration procedure.
Those conditions concerns the federal law on arbitration proceedings (federal Arbitration act).
Outside rozprawami at for
Civil small claims will be carried out by any dispute by arbitration organisation (american Arbitration association aaa.
Organisation aaa will apply a commercial in order to conduct of arbitration of any dispute arbitration associated with those conditions.
If you're a person using the services for personal use or household organisation aaa applies (excluding any rules of arbitration consumer rules and procedures, allowing for class action lawsuits).
Procedures (including the process of starting), and the information on charges arbitration rules are available in the organisation (aaa) www.adr.org.
This conditions shall apply in so far as such are not contrary to the rules of arbitration commercial or consumer organisation aaa.
Option to benefit from the european
Small claims civil.
, Instead of arbitration, you can bring to the court for an individual application
Civil small claims in their country of residence (and in the case of-the principal place of business) or in the county, california, in so far as santa clara dispute meets the requirements of such a court.
Location of the arbitration.
Unless you and we do not otherwise, arbitration must be carried out, or we shall be lodged in the courts for the application
Small claims civil in country of residence or in the county of santa clara, california.
Fees and expenses of the arbitration.
Return you all charges with the request for arbitration dispute, which will collect organisation aaa.
You written notice if you can't pay fees for request, her directly in the organisation of aaa. wpłacimy
If arbitration will be continued, any subsequent administrative fees and for uiścimy arbitration.
Proposals settlement.
Can without obligations, make a written at any time before the arbitration or settlement proposal during.
Amount or conditions of any agreement can not be disclosed, unless an arbitrator will issue an opinion concerning the arbitrowi claims and not earlier than it happens.
If won't you accept offers, and decision of the arbitrator shall be granted amount greater than our offer, but less than $ 5000, we confirm that: (a) pay $ 5000 rather than less, (b) the sum granted to a reasonable degree you fees paid by opłacimy and incurred legal expenses, (c) pay all the costs of the request for arbitration, fees for the arbitrator and expenses incurred in connection with any arbitrage your dispute.
If decision of the arbitrator shall be granted amount greater than $ 5000 and not of that decision, the amount allocated. zaskarżymy pay
Separation.
If any part of this agreement to arbitration is found by the court in the relevant jurisdiction unenforceable, the agreement will change within the required range (to remove the relevant parts) and the parties shall unenforceability arbitration dispute without recourse to make use of or unworkable parts.
If for any reason the waiver to a block laid down in subsection 14.
1.c impracticable in relation to the whole or part of a dispute, the arbitration will not apply to this dispute or that part of the dispute.
Any disputes covered by the renunciation rights to redress block, order which is considered impractical, may be considered only in court in the relevant jurisdiction, but the remainder of the arbitration shall remain in force and enforceable.
In order to avoid doubt or uncertainty, do not agree on arbitration collective or the on any claims brought on behalf of the other party arbitration.
Waiver to redress block.
These conditions do not permit the arbitration, even if that procedure or allow collective rules for organising aaa.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these conditions, the conciliator may decide to compensation of money or to one side order only and only to the extent required for requesting compensation necessary redress guaranteed by individual this side. claim
Proceedings arbitration and judicial held in accordance with these conditions may not be initiated, supported or on behalf of the group, either by resolved or as private enforcement transferred in the public interest or in another form requiring representative.
In addition, the individual may not be combined without the consent of all parties.
All issues relating to the feasibility or interpretation of this paragraph will be settled by a court and not by an arbitrator.
Surrender right to trial involving the jury.
If for any reason dispute will be considered by judicial means, and not in the referral, user and agree that yahoo the hearing take place without the participation of the jury.
User yahoo and unconditionally any right of hearing involving shall waive in case of any actions or proceedings, jury reciprocal claims in any way under these conditions or related.
Judicial application may be made in the case of the paragraph as proof of the written consent to proceedings involving the judge.
The choice of law.
These conditions and relationship between the parties, including any claims and disputes arising between the parties, having the character of contract, or any other, subject to the provisions of deliktowy new york without taking into account the elements they conflict-of-law rules.
Parties shall in no case will claims against each other under the law of another country.
Forum.
If for any reason dispute will be considered by judicial means, and not in the referral, any dispute arising in connection with these conditions or resulting from the theory), including (regardless of relationship between user and us, will be considered in the courts, new york county in the state of new york or in the district court for the southern neighbourhoods of new york.
In such cases, the user, and we agree should have jurisdiction over located in the county of new york partnership courts in new york state, or the district court in new york, and also we abandon any allegations of lack of competence or local courts. such partnership
Support client.
Below are the links on the support of the client.
Argentina
Chile
Colombia
Hong kong
Mexico
Peru
Venezuela
Guidelines for the community.
Guidelines for the community is available here. yahoo
Services represent " software " and " commercial ' in accordance with use of these terms commercial objects in the usa on purchases (federal acquisition regulation), and the law of the united states applies only to the extent admitted to all other users in accordance with these terms and conditions, and without exceeding the limits laid down in the far beyond the minimum rights 52.
227-19.
Subtitles.
Yahoo apply the rules and provisions of the federal communications commission on inscriptions in video content.
At https: / / www.yahooinc.com / accessibility / / you can find more information on this captioning subject, as well as comments and provide any complaints about video content available in networks of yahoo.
New jersey apply all limitation of liability laid down in section 9, but nothing in those conditions do not preclude nor limit of liability for the international activities of gross negligence, deliberate deliktów or breach of the obligations laid down by law.
User confirms that will not use services in order to provide material support, or the availability of resources (or hiding place, sources and property, the type of urgency to keep such support or such resources) for organisations recognised by the government of the united states for terrorist in accordance with section 219 us law on immigration and nationality (immigration and Nationality act).
Brazil (br):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo: yahoo do brasil ltda. the internet (
Address: av.
Brigadeiro faria lima, 3.
600 9o-andar, são paulo, brazil) / sp, 04538-132
Minimum age: 13 years.
People aged between 13 and 18 years in order to give their consent to our conditions and the use of services must obtain consent of the parents or guardian.
Service provided:, yahoo, yahoo search, mail Onesearch yahoo news, yahoo finance, sports and yahoo. yahoo lifestyle
If you are using with any of those services while in brazil or otherwise by concluding contracts with yahoo do brasil ltda., internet
Service shall be provided by yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Specific provisions for the region in section 14.
4 apply for such benefit and replace any provisions section 1 or section 13 (a) of these conditions.
Other services: services is not indicated in section 14.
4 (b) are not provided by yahoo internet do brasil ltda.,
That does not have power or to take any measures concerning them.
This also applies to obtain access and disclosure users, and the content generated by users ' disposal.
The choice of law.
Conditions and the relationship between the holder and yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Are the right federative republic of brazil without taking into account contained therein conflict-of-law rules.
Support client.
Customer support is available on this page.
The protection of our systems and the information is extremely important in ensuring our users users safety and maintaining their trust. "
For more information on safeguards, including on the steps, which we have and we will take in this context, is on the website.
User understands and agrees that the use of those services and the provision of services include the collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of information and data user, including transmission of that information and data to other firms and other territories in accordance with the policy of privacy.
Canada (ca and cf):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo: yahoo corp. (canada
99 Spadina address: avenue, suite 200, toronto, ontario M5v). 3p8
Minimum age: a law enabling the signing of a binding agreement in the province of age or territory of residence.
The choice of law.
These conditions and relationship between the parties, including any claims and disputes arising between the parties, having the character of contract, or any other, subject to the provisions of the province of ontario deliktowy without taking into account the elements they conflict-of-law rules.
Parties shall in no case will claims against each other under the law of another country.
Updates.
Automatically charge on the user and installed can services, will be made available when the latest versions of their new versions or functions.
Some of the provinces and territories (including the quebec) do not allow to exclude guarantees.
In these provinces and territories only those guarantees, which are clearly and required in accordance with the relevant provisions.
In some provinces and in some areas, (including in quebec) it is not possible to exclude or limitation of liability for all kinds of damage.
Provinces responding in these only for those losses for which must clearly correspond to under the relevant provisions.
Support client.
Below are the links on the support of the client.
Customer support (in english)
Customer support (in french)
Forum.
All claims against us should only be reported in the courts, ontario, canada.
In such cases, the user, and we agree should have jurisdiction over located in the province of ontario, partnership, courts as well as we abandon any allegations of lack of competence or local courts. such partnership
Australia (au):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo:
Onesearch yahoo for services, finance, post office, lifestyle, yahoo yahoo news, yahoo, yahoo search sports, tv and yahoo yahoo relevant body yahoo is a company, yahoo weather australia pty ltd (yahoo address: level 4 west, 8 central avenue, eveleigh, australia) and apply nsw 2015, the following conditions: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the holder and the company australia pty ltd are subject to the provisions of the state of yahoo new south wales without taking into account contained in them (conflict-of-law rules.
(B) the user and the yahoo australia pty ltd agree that will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of new south wales.
As for the rest the company is a company, inc. (yahoo yahoo
22000 aol, address: way, va) and services dulles 20166 described in section relate to these conditions 14.
2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Support client.
Customer support is available on this page.
Reserved.
India (in):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo:
For services, yahoo and search, yahoo mail Onesearch relevant body is yahoo india private limited company yahoo (cin): U72900mh2000ptc138698 Regd.
Office 03-106:, 3rd floor, Wework ii, 1 mohan gokhale Oberoi Commerz rd, no 2, Aarey colony, colony mumbai-400, maharashtra, india) and 063 shall apply the following conditions: (a) " minimum age ' means the 13 years.
Persons between 13 and 18 years of age in order to benefit from services or registration accounts must be authorised parents or guardian.
(B) to agree on the conditions, it should be at least 13 years.
Persons between 13 and 18 years of age in order to benefit from services or registration accounts must be authorised parents or guardian.
(C) the conditions and the relationship between the holder and yahoo india are dependent on private limited company law in force in india without taking into account contained therein (conflict-of-law rules.
(D) the user and the yahoo india agree that private limited will be subject to jurisdiction in bombay, india, exclusive.
For other services:
Relevant body is such an entity that has been defined yahoo yahoo as supplier of the service.
Conditions and the relationship between the holder and the relevant body yahoo is included in the right place of incorporation appropriate entity yahoo.
By:
If not stated any entity as a supplier of the service in question, the relevant body yahoo is a company, inc. (yahoo yahoo
22000 aol, address: way, va) and services dulles 20166 described in section relate to these conditions 14.
2 (united states).
Support client.
Customer support is available on this page.
Representative for the
Complaints yahoo india.
To contact the representative for the
Complaints to india, take advantage of this party. yahoo
Click here to read with an order of the supreme court of india ban on advertising in accordance with law PCPNDT back in 1994.
(Jp) japan:
Defined terms
Operator yahoo:
Autoblog japan, in the case of japan, japan, and techcrunch Engadget mail aol relevant body yahoo is Aol.jp Boundless inc. (
2-27-25 Minamiaoyama, minato-ku, tokyo address: 10 japan) 7-0062.
Brand products available in japan are supplied by yahoo japan third party.
For all other services relevant body is a company, inc. (yahoo yahoo
22000 aol, address: way, va.) dulles 20166
Minimum age: 18 years (but people aged 18 to 19 years must be authorised parents or guardian to accept our conditions for the use of services.
The choice of law.
Conditions and relations between the holder and us are dependent on japanese law without taking into account contained therein conflict-of-law rules.
Forum.
User and we agree to be the exclusive jurisdiction of court in japan, tokyo district.
Modifications services and conditions
When modify services as described in section 7 (a) or modify these conditions in accordance with section 12 (b), report on this in due time, if changes are substantially operate to the detriment of the user or limited its access to the services or can benefit from them.
Modification conditions or services which are required in the context of security or safety, for legal reasons or in connection with rules can not be able to tell the user in advance.
In such a case the notification will be sent as soon as practical period after the introduction of modifications.
The limitation of liability.
Nothing in these conditions do not affect the rules in force in japan, which laid down the consumer can not be altered or stand under contract.
Consequently when the agreement concerning the use of services under these conditions will be considered to be an agreement in accordance with the law on such agreements, consumer japanese (consumer contract act some exclusion and restrictions described in section 9 of these conditions, on our responsibility for deliberate action or serious negligence, will not be applicable.
Support client.
Customer is available on this page.
New zealand (nz):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo:
For services for Onesearch, entertainment, yahoo, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo lifestyle and yahoo search relevant body yahoo is a company, yahoo yahoo sport, the new zealand limited (address: level 1, customs, auckland 1010, east street 22 to 28 new zealand) and the following conditions apply: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the holder and company yahoo are covered by new zealand limited new zealand without taking into account the elements they conflict-of-law rules.
> User (b) and the yahoo new zealand agree that will be exclusive limited jurisdiction of the courts of new zealand.
As for the rest relevant body yahoo is company inc. (yahoo
22000 aol, address: way, va) and services dulles 20166 described in section relate to these conditions 14.
2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Support client.
Customer support is available on this page.
Singapore (sg), indonesia (id), malaysia (my), philippines (ph), thailand (th) or vietnam (vn):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo:
Onesearch calendar for services, yahoo, yahoo celebrity, yahoo finance, yahoo, yahoo mail messages, yahoo, yahoo style, travel, yahoo search tv, weather and yahoo yahoo relevant body is a yahoo! Aviate yahoo
Singapore digital marketing million.
Ltd. (
Address: 60 anson road, #, singapore) and 12-01 Mapletree anson 079914 the following conditions apply: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the holder and the company yahoo!
Singapore digital marketing million.
Ltd.
Are covered by singapore without taking into account the elements they conflict-of-law rules.
(B) the user and the company yahoo!
Singapore digital marketing million.
Ltd.
Agree that will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of singapore.
For other services:
Relevant body is such an entity that has been defined yahoo yahoo as supplier of the service.
Conditions and the relationship between the holder and the relevant body yahoo is included in the right place of incorporation appropriate entity yahoo.
By:
If not stated any entity as a supplier of the services, the entity concerned is a company, inc. (yahoo yahoo
22000 aol, address: way, va) and services dulles 20166 described in section relate to these conditions 14.
2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Support client.
Below are the links on the support of the client.
Singapore
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
Thailand
Vietnam
Taiwan (tw):
Defined terms
Operator yahoo:
Onesearch Auctions, for services, yahoo automotive, yahoo charity, yahoo, yahoo, yahoo dictionary yahoo finance, yahoo games, Esports yahoo mail house, yahoo, yahoo money, yahoo films, news search, yahoo yahoo shopping, yahoo yahoo sports, stock, yahoo store marketplace, yahoo yahoo style, travel, yahoo tv, yahoo and relevant body yahoo is yahoo weather Aviate yahoo!,
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan (branch address:, no. 14f
66 Sanchong rd, district, taipei, taiwan, nangang 115) and the following conditions apply: (a) the conditions and the relationship between the holder and the company yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan branch are covered by the republic of china without taking into account the elements they conflict-of-law rules.
(B) the user and the company yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan branch agree that will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court district in taiwan, taiwan the republic of china.
For other services:
Relevant body is such an entity that has been defined yahoo yahoo as supplier of the service.
Conditions and the relationship between the holder and the relevant body yahoo is included in the right place of incorporation appropriate entity yahoo.
By:
If not stated any entity as a supplier of the service in question, the relevant body yahoo is a company, inc. (yahoo yahoo
22000 aol, address: way, va) and services dulles 20166 described in section relate to these conditions 14.
2 (united states).
Minimum age: 13
Support client.
Customer support is available on this page.
Europe, the middle east and africa
Defined terms
Operator yahoo: yahoo emea limited (address: 5-7 point square, north wall quay, dublin 1, ireland)
Minimum age: in european union countries the minimum age is 16 years (or less, if the country has made available an agreement concerning the processing of personal data).
In countries outside the european union, the minimum age is 13 years old.
The choice of law.
This conditions, their use, and the framing of, as well as the relationship between the interpretation parties, including any claims and disputes that may arise between the parties (also claims and disputes in), are covered by the law of the irish non-contractual without taking into account contained therein conflict-of-law rules.
Forum.
Outside laid down in the following paragraph (d) user and we then we agree to be exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the context of ireland we any disputes and claims arising from these conditions, their use, interpretation or formulation (including claims and disputes non-contractual) and arising in connection with them.
In such cases, the user and the company we agree should have jurisdiction over located in ireland, a partnership of courts also shall waive all claims concerning the lack of competence or local courts. such partnership
If you live in a country belonging to the european union, nothing in these conditions, including the above paragraphs (b) and (c), do not affect the rights resulting from mandatory local rules or options, which can not be changed under the jurisdiction of the agreement.
The european commission provides to resolve disputes that online platform is available at https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
Support client.
Below are the links on the support of the client.
Ireland
United kingdom
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
All the other countries
Modifications services and conditions
When modify services as described in section 7 (a) or modify these conditions in accordance with section 12 (b), report on this in due time, if changes are substantially operate to the detriment of users or restrict their access to the services or can benefit from them.
Further recourse to the services after the date of entry into force of modification means agreed to service or modified conditions.
Modification conditions or services which are required in the context of security or safety, for legal reasons or in connection with rules can not be able to tell the user in advance.
In such a case the notification will be sent in next time. practical
Notification cancellation, suspend or restrict access to services or accounts
Subsection regardless of (f) above and without infringing rights laws can, without notification, temporarily or permanently, suspend or cancel your account, receive the restriction or limit access to some or all of accounts or services:
If naruszysz or we consider that the conditions, including any contained, naruszysz in them agreement, the rules or guidelines;
In response to the demands of law enforcement authorities or other government agencies in the framework of the proper legal process;
Due to the unexpected technical problems or those concerning the collateral errors or;
If account has long periods of inactivity described in our principles disposal of accounts.
Permanently suspend or if your account, we'll notify about this close, in advance, and we will allow for a reasonable period to gain access to information, files and the content of the associated with account and, unless we save them have reason to believe that further access to the account will lead to relevant provisions of law enforcement authorities or demands a breach of other government agencies or will be to the detriment of our or third parties.
Time withdrawal for customers in the european union.
Provisions complement the following section 11 (services payable and settlement).
Customers living in the european union may cancel service paid without giving any reason within 14 days from the date of conclusion of the agreement.
You can tell us, using and distributing the form.
If you have no other option, you can fill out this form and send it to us by.
Notification shall be sent to us from the end of the 14-day period cancelled.
Exceptions.
In the case of digital content, which we do not provide on a physical, you confirm that the cancellation is due to expire immediately after the start of collection or transmission thrust of digital content.
A refund.
Any received service charges paid return not later than 14 days from the date of receipt of the notification to cancel.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, we'll use the same methods of payment, using which was first sale.
You confirm that if you use payable service before the cancellation, any charges resulting to the date of decommitment. uiścisz
Automatic renewal.
Except section 11 (b) (v) the following shall apply: if subscription is automatically renewed and the price rises, then you get the notification for the new prices with the possibility of the completion of the subscription within 14 days from the date of receipt of the notification.
In such a situation, the new price will not be, and will cease to be active at the end of this period, the subscription.
Restrictions and exemptions responsibility.
Nothing in these conditions do not affect the rights of the consumer laid down provisions in force in ireland and the european union, which can not be amended or abolished by the contract.
Thus some exemptions and restrictions described in sections 8 and 9 conditions do not apply to consumers living in the european union countries.
Our responsibility.
Notwithstanding the provisions of section 9 we responsibility for our statements having the character of the situations in which fraud and damage or you will die as a result of our negligence doznasz associated with the services.
Additional conditions for users in italy can be found here.
Additional conditions for users in germany can be found here.
Last updated: 25 january 2022
