Staff
Last updated: 27 november 2012.
N
This the terms and provisions (" conditions ') lays down the rules of access and use the internet sites and mobile applications covered by these conditions (company yelp " site ").
The transition to a and use of it means accepting an these conditions and formal conclusion of a binding agreement with a yelp ireland ltd.
Registered in ireland (" "). yelp
Should not be to switch to or use it in the event of a consent for conditions. niewyrażenia
Definitions
Entities
Zaimki " you " and " your " refer to the user site. "
User " this person having access to website, its contents, benefiting from contained in przeglądająca her information or in any other way użytkująca website.
Zaimki " we, " " us " and " our " relate to firms. yelp
The
" Heading ' means the text, images, photos, audio and video recordings, data and all other forms of data or form of the localisation of communication.
" Heading your ' means, through to broadcast or content of the transmitted or in connection with using site, such as evaluation reviews, praise,, records, news and information displayed invitation to the public in profile user accounts.
" Heading user ' means or through to broadcast the content of the transmitted or in connection with using site.
" Heading ' means the content of the drawn up by the company yelp yelp on. and at
" Content third party ' means persons other than the content of the coming from or related users who yelp shall be made available on.
" Content of the site " means all within the site, including obtainable content of your content, content, the content of a third party and the content of the yelp user.
Amending the conditions of service
Conditions may be periodically revised.
Most recent version of these conditions will be was here.
User understands and accepts that access or use of the site is governed by conditions in force at the time of access to the site or its use.
If admit significant changes in these conditions before their entry into force of this fact, we'll notify the user by e-mail or by an appropriate message on.
Top this page will also be placed amendments. last
Regular is recommended, since the amended versions of these conditions view their become binding.
Any such modifications will remain in force after the publication of the new conditions.
User understands and accepts that further access to the site or able to benefit from it after the entry into force of such modification conditions requires them to be accepted.
Translation
For the convenience of users this conditions may be translated into other languages.
However english version with the company, and describes the relationship between yelp any kind of incompatibility between the various language versions will be settled in favour of the english version.
Use of website
Powers
To access website or use it should be at least 18 years of age and have the necessary powers of attorney and authorised to act as the contracting party within the meaning of these conditions.
Access site or the use of it may be prohibited competitors, and for persons who had banned companies yelp access to the site or closed account.
Permission to use the
We allow use of the site in so far as it these conditions.
Use site takes place at its own risk, under which he concept is also exposure to risk understood offensive, obscene content inappropriate inadmissible or for other reasons considered inappropriate.
The site
Site may be modified, updated and its action suspended or, at any time without notice, intermittent or responsibility.
User accounts
In order to be able to use some of the functions offered on, requires an account and giving some information about itself.
User is responsible for ensuring confidentiality passwords to your account.
It is also responsible for any activity linked to the account.
User confirms that shall immediately notify company of any unauthorised use of its account. yelp
Company yelp reserves the right to the closure of the accounts at any time, without giving any reason.
Account is intended exclusively for non-commercial personal use.
During the preparation of is required complete and accurate information about itself, which will increase the credibility of the user as a person published on the growing content.
Is prohibited impersonation of another person (e.g.
Impersonating person or neighbour), creating or use public accounts of another person, the administration of an e-mail address another person and the creation of many accounts.
For handling bearing in mind the fact that the name of other users will be able to fix your identity, for example, if identification information will you placed in reviews, the same information on the record in other use websites or other to make available information on your zezwolisz witrynom the company yelp.
More information can be found in the protection of privacy.
Communication with the other users and yelp
Account is synonymous with our consent to the creation of a receiving some associated with the operation site. the
For example, from other users can receive praise or orders acquaintance. a
User will also receive our weekly newsletter electronic newsletter () with information on developments in the area.
Here may be omitted from receiving unnecessary messages.
The
Responsibility for its content
User sole responsibility for its content, which after the publication of may not always be withdrawn.
User shall bear all risks associated with its contents, including is aware of the fact that the activities of the other persons may depend on the quality, accuracy or reliability of these contents, and also the fact that the administration in them certain information may reveal the identity of the user.
User declares that owns the content or possesses the necessary powers to benefit from them and to authorise other people to use them, to the extent described in these conditions.
The user can not assume that its content is in any way or sponsored by the company yelp. uwiarygodniana
User may be brought to justice, for example, if its contents contain materials false or misleading; deliberately infringe the rights of third parties, in zniesławiające including copyright, trademarks, patents, business secrets, the moral law, the right to privacy, the right to publish or any other intellectual property rights or the right to property; illegal in that contain materials illegal material calling for hatred or pornography; they are directed against minorities or them harm; other laws or regulations or violate are calling for their fracture.
Right yelp companies to benefit from the content of users
You can use the content in various ways, including users present it to the public, change their format, placed in advertising or in other works, create works on their basis, promote them and derivatives, as well as to allow other entities to distribute such operations in the websites they or their media platforms (" other media ").
Therefore, this user it provides us to use its contents at any non-cancellable rights to, while they are not limited geographically, are perpetual, a non-exclusive, free of charge and portable shall be divested or sublicencjonowaniu.
Also user irrevocably makes available its content to other users website and other media in connection with the use of their website and any other media.
Finally user is irrevocably and for company and its yelp will resign all claims and users from assert their rights moral or allocated to its content.
" Use ' means use, copying, publishing, display, play, dissemination, modify, translation, removal, analysis, and the development of works on the basis of your derivatives komercjalizowanie content.
Property
According to the contract between the operator and the company, the user is the owner of its content. yelp
Content yelp, including we own, but not exclusively, interface, functions interactive, designs, including graphics compilation too, but not exclusively, our compilation of content of users and other content website, computer software code products reviews users and any other elements aggregated assessments and components (excluding content, the content of your site users and third parties. content
We also owns copyright, trademarks, service marks, trade names and other intellectual property rights around the world (" intellectual property rights ') related package and site, which are protected yelp by copyright, rules on utility models, patent law, legislation on trade marks and any other, related rights and regulations concerning intellectual property, and property rights.
Therefore, it is prohibited to modify, copying, distributing, creating works of derivatives and adaptation, public presentation and use in any other way content in whole or in part, with yelp except where granted will be explicit consent company yelp.
Unless clearly and explicitly stated in these conditions, we're not releasing any user rights or implicitly and explicitly all rights to the site and content of yelp retains the company yelp.
Advertising
Company yelp and its licensee may display and other information on your publicly advertising content.
User is not entitled to any remuneration for such advertising.
Way implementation, mode and scope of advertising may change without the need for notification of the user.
Sources of content
Some content of site (" ") are available from sources source content of real simple and atom (" source ") syndication.
User can have access and benefit from sources in order to display content on personal computer, in its source site or blog (" your "), provided that the site (s) sources are used only in non-commercial private purposes; (ii) displayed content is linked with the relevant parties on source companies and company as a source of data indicates yelp yelp; (iii) the use or display content does not indicate that the source or any reasons for action, yelp promotes uwiarygodnia ideas, website, products or services, including your site; (iv) the user will not source; (v) content redystrybuuje use sources not przeciąża systems company yelp.
Company yelp reserves all the rights to the source and at any time can no longer making available sources.
In order to obtain information about other options use sources, select " partnership " on our website contact available here.
Other
Content user (including any content, which can be created by the users employed or contracted by company yelp) does not necessarily reflect the opinions of the company yelp.
Zastrzegamy reserve the right to periodically, monitoring, editing or restoration of content, at its own discretion, with any user cause or without cause, without notifying the user.
For example, we can remove review, if we consider that affect our guidance on the content.
We are not obliged to retain or make available its content and we can't guarantee the confidentiality of the user copies content of the user.
Restrictions
We are not obliged to enforce the on your behalf by another user.
However encouraging inform us about the potential violations by other users, then we reserve the right to clarify such situations and take appropriate action in our view.
User confirms that it will not be helped, encouraged or other people use site for: allows
Violating our guidance for the content, for example by writing false or defamatory reviews, exchange with other companies or pay or other reviews taking in order to write or removal of reviews; remuneration
Violations rights of third parties, including violations of confidentiality, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, moral law, the right to privacy, the right to publish or any other intellectual property rights or property rights;
Grożenia persecution, harming or other persons, or to promote the religious fanaticism of harassment or discrimination;
Promoting companies or other projects or commercial use of events for commercial purposes, except for use site of accounts and clearly authorised by company yelp company situation;
Sending bulk e-mail messages or other surveys in large quantities, both commercial and the non-commercial; and participate in using the key words or other samples spamowaniu manipulation of results on or other websites search of third parties;
Wyłudzania personal data from minors or transmission of child;
Violations of applicable law.
User also confirms that it will not be helped, encouraged or allows other persons.
Violations of these conditions;
Modify adapting,,, copying, translation, dissemination, przywłaszczania of works of derivatives or adaptation, public presenting, sell, or use of exchanging in any other way or content of the site (other than your site), except where the content will be provided explicit consent company yelp;
Use robots, spiders, application to scan and collection of their content or other websites automatic devices, processes or measures in order to access, the collection of or any part of the site or the content of the site; be indexed
Playlist source code any part of the site;
Disposal or modify any information about copyright, signs or other commercial property rights emerging in any part of the site or in printed materials or kopiowanych with; site
Recording, processing and / or information on other extraction of users;
Obtaining, collection or indexing in order to create or fill any part of the site to search database containing reviews possible business;
Przeformatowania composition or change any part of the site;
Take any action which causes or is capable of causing unreasonable or disproportionate in our view load infrastructure or otherwise representing yelp companies on excess;
Take attempts to unauthorised access to website, user account, computer systems or networks linked to site, using methods, searching for or other methods; hakerskie password
Use website or the content of the site to transmit computer viruses, worms, malware, or other computer code (called trojanów destructive generally viruses);
Use equipment, programmes and / or procedures interfering correct functioning or to take any attempts at distortion of the proper operation of site site;
Use site to violations of computer network security, violations or codes; action or password encryption safeguards site or the content of the distortion dezorganizowania site or causing other types of damage;
Disposal evasive action, off, or otherwise, damage distortion of safety related functions website, functions to prevent or use or copying the content of the site or functions restrictive imposing restrictions on the use of sites.
These restrictions apply only to the extent permitted relevant legal provisions.
Nevertheless user confirms that will not infringed (even if they are permitted under the law in force) without providing any company for 30 days prior to the yelp written notification that situation (relevant form is available here.
The notification shall be accompanied by all the necessary information, so that the company will be able to take preventive action or in yelp another way to respond to the action of the user.
Guidelines and principles
Guidance on the content
User confirms that he is aware of our guidelines on content and understand them.
Privacy
User confirms that he is aware of our principles of protection of privacy and understand them.
It should be remembered that information on users may be disclosed to third parties by us, if acting in good faith we consider that there are reasonable grounds such disclosure in connection with the need to (i) respond to suspected illegal activities; (ii) enforce our terms and conditions for the protection of privacy; (iii) fulfil the obligations related to the legal or other official procedures, such as a search warrant, a subpoena, staff, judicial proceedings or other the legal process that has been announced our company; (b) ensure the protection of our rights, reputation, the ownership or goods users, subsidiaries or our of public interest protection.
If site is used outside the united states, the user agrees to their personal data to the united states and processing przetransferowanie them in that country.
Disputes concerning copyright and trademark
Information on the settlement of disputes concerning copyright and trademark can be found in our principles of rights violations.
Events
Document conditions and provisions concerning events are information on events listed on or to which they are placed on link.
User confirms that he is aware of them and understand them.
Trade agreements and advertising companies yelp
Rules purchases within the framework of trade agreements with the company (), or by yelp yelp deals gift vouchers (gift certificates) are set out in general terms and conditions relating to the contracts and certificates commercial yelp.
Is recommended consulting them before purchasing, since they may be altered. periodically
In the event of incompatibility between the general conditions relating to agreements and certificates and these conditions, commercial yelp shall prevail records of the general conditions relating to agreements and certificates commercial yelp.
Similarly, if the user on account owner firms or buys will create advertising in the company, will apply provisions of agreement yelp service advertising by a yelp.
In the event of discrepancies between the provisions of the agreement on the provision of services by the advertising and these conditions, priority will be given yelp records service contracts advertising by a yelp.
Proposals and improvements
Sending us their opinions, suggestions, documents or proposals (" "), user opinions confirms that (i) at the same time opinions do not contain confidential information or owned by third parties; (ii) are not explicitly or implicitly required to ensure the confidentiality received an opinion; (iii) can already seen or develop solutions close to set out in points of view; (iv) gives us irrevocable licences to use, modifying, publication, dissemination and opinions and development on the basis of the works of sublicencjonowanie derivatives, while it is not limited geographically, non-exclusive, free and dated, and irrevocably and for companies will resign is yelp and its users with all claims and assert their rights moral related to those opinions.
Third parties
Site may contain links to other websites or applications (" third party " website).
We don't control any site of a third party or its not uwiarygodniamy.
User confirms that do not have a responsibility to the availability of such sites of third parties or for their content.
Using websites of third parties shall be taken at the exclusive user. risk
Certain services provided on may be subject to conditions and those concerning the disclosure of the content, enshrined in the licensing agreements concluded with the additional third parties or licence of open source including reproduced here and this cited in purposes reference.
Exemption from liability
User hereby confirmed that slows down and protects company, its subsidiaries of parent company, yelp or associated other related businesses, suppliers, partners, directors, managers, and licencjodawców workers, agents and representatives (known as " entities ") yelp together against any, including costs, obligations and responsibilities charges, as well as any claims or legal demands from third parties arising under (i) the user access to a single or its use; (ii) the infringement by the user of these conditions; (iii) the products or services purchased or purchased by the user in connection with the europass; (iv) the infringement by the user, or by any third party using his account, any intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
Company yelp reserves the right to take action, at the expense of the user, intended to ensure a defence and controls exclusive any matter where user had exempt company with responsibility. yelp
User confirms that it will cooperate with the yelp, if necessary, against such claims of defence.
User confirms that there will be no judge issues such without the prior written consent of yelp.
Company yelp will make reasonable efforts to the notification of such claims, actions or proceedings user as soon as the only obtaining such information.
Exemptions and restrictions responsibility
Please acquaint himself with this section, as accurate as set out in her records restrict liability of against the yelp.
Each following SUBSEKCJI applies only to the responsibilities of the maximum authorised by the appropriate legal provisions.
None of these records is not aimed at limiting any user rights, which can not be under the law of limited.
If uncertainties about this or other section these conditions, before proceeding to the site or its use, it is appropriate to consult a lawyer.
Have access to the site or the use of it means that the user read, understand and confirmed this conditions, including records of that section.
Consent to these conditions are equivalent to the user with part of the rights. resignation
Website shall be made available on the principles of " as user " (as is), " with all defects " (with all) and " in the framework of availability " faults (as available), in what is clearly understood that operators can not monitor, control and verify yelp content of the user.
Therefore, the use of the site is taking place at its own risk and responsibility of the user.
Entities yelp are therefore not liable to the user for any loss or damage which may occur, for example, in connection with, or shortcomings in terms of safety NIEDZIAŁANIEM unavailability of site, or resulting from dependence on the quality, accuracy or reliability decision user lists companies, evaluations, reviews, measurement and / or not currently recommended found on in it reviews used or made available.
Entities yelp shall not any declaration or promises to any third parties, such as companies or advertisers on or against users detailed site.
Entities yelp are therefore not liable to the user for any loss or damage which may result from their activities or mistakes, including, for example, misuse content, identity or users ' personal data by another user or a company, or for negative user experience from previous contacts with companies listed on. or REKLAMODOAWCAMI
Purchase or use of the products or services offered on by third parties shall be held at the exclusive risk and responsibility of the user.
Entities yelp clearly guarantees given expressly or repeal any implicitly, including guarantees relating to products or services offered by the companies listed on and guarantees for alleged commercial value, suitability for any purpose and the inviolability of rights of third parties.
No oral or written information or the council provided by a representative of a operators will not constitute statements or guarantee. yelp
Exclusive right and redress for user dissatisfaction with the website, services or any other complaints should be POWIAZANYCH waiving of access to the website and ending the use of it.
Maximum total liability of against the loss or damage of title yelp incurred in connection with the site or is limited to these conditions more from the amounts: (i) the amount paid by the user to yelp in connection with during the 12 months before the action has site responsibility or (ii) € 100.
Entities yelp are exempted from the liability for (i) any indirect damage, accidental, extraordinary relating to criminal or liability resulting loss of trust; (ii) the loss of profit; (iii) distortions of activities of the company; (iv) breach of reputation or (v) the loss of information or data.
Applicable law and the settlement of disputes
These conditions shall be governed by the law, as well as any irish claims reasons for legal action or disputes which may occur between the operator and the company (" claim '), without yelp taking into account the clause legislation. collision
Any claims by either party user confirms that its personal and exclusive jurisdiction applicable in ireland, and exclusive place proceedings in dublin, ireland will be the courts.
Termination of the contract
User can stop this conditions at any time, subject to account abandoning the use of the site and closing sending to terminate a contract in the form of a notification to yelp available here.
Information on the procedures in the event of resignation of account can be found in the principles of protection of privacy.
Can closed user account, suspend the use of certain functionality site and / or excluded from its user for any reason, without prior notification and take on responsibility in this respect.
Any such action can prevent the user access to the accounts, website content user content and other related information website.
If termination of the contract referred to these conditions, by the user or company, the section 1 yelp 5, 6, 10 to 14 will remain in full power, which also concerns our legal rights to use the content in accordance with the provisions of section 5 (user).
General conditions
So we reserve the right to modify, update and off site following their own assessment, at any time, for any reason and without prior notice.
Notifications, including on changes to these conditions, may be dispatched to users e-mail, by post or in the form of communications published on.
Unless otherwise specified in the section above 10, none of these provisions shall not intentionally serve transfers of rights or to a third party or can not be zadośćuczynień recognised as such.
Contains any contractual rights and obligations between the operator and the company in the use of website, at the same time replacing yelp earlier agreement between the holder and the company in this respect. yelp
Parties acknowledge that do not apply any records, which are not explicitly included in these conditions.
Inability enforceable by the company their rights or the obligations arising from yelp these conditions does not renounce these rights or provisions.
Inability either party in any rights described in the implementation of these conditions is not recognised as the renunciation of other rights arising from this agreement.
If any provision of these conditions will be impossible to enforce or defective, only this provision of the should be amended in order to reflect the intentions of the parties or removed to a minimum extent necessary to ensure that the accounts conditions remained in full legal force and enforceable.
Conditions and all this described the rights or obligations are not portable may or may not be by the user, relinquishment sublicencjonowaniu unless you will receive written consent companies, but may be assigned or transferred yelp by a yelp without any restrictions.
Each taken by the user attempt to the assignment of rights means these conditions and will be ineffective infringement.
Titles section under these conditions, serve to parties and do not entail an exclusive comfort of any legal effect or contractual.
Yelp ireland ltd.,
70 sir john Rogerson's quay, dublin 2, ireland; no:; vat no: cro 484943; director: ie 9753764m l.
Wilson; contact, tel: + 353 (0) 1.
4863212, fax: + 353 (0) 1.
4863220
