Conditions under which services zoom
The date of entry into force: 13 april 2022
Important read carefully: your use and access to the internet, products and services and related software (including called " services ") company inc., zoom video communications
And its associates (" zoom ") is conditional on respect and acceptance, which include the permission to these conditions arbitration claims.
In order to accept please read carefully.
Clicking / stating " i agree, " button / field into the party zoom or using the services of zoom, you agree to comply with these conditions, the provision of services, and all the annexes, the order and attached (" the agreement " or " rules tos ").
Zoom services are not available for people who are not legally entitled to be associated these conditions to provide services.
Zoom will provide services and the user can gain access to services and make use of them, in accordance with this agreement.
Zoom may provide services under this agreement, through their associates.
If user via the online registration or vessel services form (hereinafter " the contract "), the contract may form contract form include additional conditions and information on ordered services.
Insofar as such additional conditions applicable to a particular service, from which the user decides to exercise, are not clearly otherwise, those additional conditions are hereby included in this agreement as regards the use by the user of the service.
System requirements.
Recourse to the services requires one or more installations, access to the internet (compatible may continue charges) and referred to software (), and also may apply fees may require periodic updating or obtain updates.
Because recourse to the services requires equipment, software and access to the internet for access to the services and the use of them may be affected by the effect of these factors.
Is recommended from high-speed internet access.
You are to messages and agree that the provision of such requirements, which may be variable system is on your side.
Definitions.
The following definitions shall apply in this agreement, and all references to the singular include references to the plural and vice versa.
Definitions relating to the specific services can be found in the description of the services found at https: / / explore.zoom.us / en / / services-description.
" Marketing ' means, in relation to the associate, any entity that directly or indirectly controls the, is controlled by a party or are under common control from this side.
For purposes of this agreement, " control " means part economic or of at least 50 % of the voting rights (50 %) or, in absence of such participation or voting rights, the right to drive economic or causing drive management and policy setting such a body.
" End-user ' means a professional or a participant (as defined in the description of services), which relies on.
" Initial period " means an initial period of subscription services for subscription set out in the form of the contract.
" Entry into force services ' means the date of the initial period laid down in the form of the contract. subscription
Period renewal " means the period beginning renew your subscription, after an initial period of subscription services or other referred to in the form of the contract. the renewal
" Taxes and charges " and " taxes or fees ' means all existing turnover taxes, taxes on use, environmental taxes or regulatory, vat, charges (including customs duties), levying and payments or service burden imposed (excluding income tax imposed on customer zoom).
" Vat " means a tax on the value added and every other tax of a similar nature, irrespective of whether was levied in the member state of the european union instead of or in addition to such tax or elsewhere, the tax on goods and services (gsts), the pis / or similar indirect tax or any COFINS analogous to them in connection with the tax levied services provided by the customer or related zoom.
" User data " means the information transmitted in order to meet the terms of the contract zoom zoom and ensure access to services (e.g.
Company name, address to the invoices, identification number taxpayer, tax reference number, the name and contact person).
User sole responsibility for the accuracy of the user and zoom does not bear any responsibility for the mistakes and shortcomings in the data of the user.
Services.
Zoom will provide services as described in the form standard contract and services which are generally will provide updates made available by the zoom during the contract period.
Zoom may, at its own discretion, cut down provision of services or alter their functions without prior notification.
Services beta.
Zoom may, from time to time, to offer access to services, which have been identified as a version of the beta.
Beta versions of access to and use of them may be subject to an additional agreements.
Zoom does not ensure that beta version will ever be publicly available and reserves the right to break or modify at any time beta versions of without notice.
Beta versions of shall be provided in the state in which they may contain errors, errors or other defects, and the use of beta versions of takes place on the exclusive risk of the user.
Use of a service and the obligations.
Use of services may take place only in accordance with the terms of this agreement.
You are solely responsible for the use of services by themselves and their end users and should respect and ensure compliance with any legislation in connection with the use of services by yourself and each final user, including, inter alia, the provisions on the recording, intellectual property, privacy and export controls.
Use of a service is excluded where it is forbidden.
Information on the registration.
From user may require the administration of personal information in order to registration and / or the use of certain services.
You agree that any such information should be accurate.
You can also be asked to select a user name and password.
Ponosicie state overall responsibility for maintaining security his username and password and are not disclosed to third parties. zobowiązujecie
State content.
User confirms that the sole responsibility for the content (" content ") dispatched or transferred by the user or displayed or by the user in the use of services and to appear in conformity with any rights on content, including
Rights require from user consent third party on the use of content and provide relevant notifications on the rights of third parties.
Oświadczacie and you promise that have entitled to transfer content to, and that such use does not affect the zoom, nor does it violates any rights of third parties.
In any event, zoom is not liable for (a) or reviewed during the use of services sent content, (b) errors or shortcomings in the content or (c) any loss or damage resulting from the use of access or refusal of access to the content.
Although zoom shall not be liable for the content, may remove any content, at any time without notice if the zoom finds out that they infringe any of the provisions of this agreement or the right.
I state copyright and any other rights which you have to content sent, published or displayed in services or through them.
Video.
Are responsible for the compliance with all the provisions concerning the recording.
Doctor may choose recording meetings and video Webinars zoom.
Using services, provide the zoom consent to storage recordings from any or all of the meetings or to which join if webinarów zoom such records are kept in our systems.
You will receive notification (or other), when writing visual will be activated.
If you don't agree on the record, you can leave the meeting or webinar
No use.
User confirms that it will not use or will not allow any to use the services to the end user, in order to: (i) adjustment,,, preparation work derivatives, dismantle dekompilowania source code or trying to gain access to reproducing source code otherwise services; (ii) to participate, knowingly or resulting from the use of services negligence in a way that abuse, it intervenes in or interferes with the action network zoom, or services; (iii) the user accounts to engage in activities which are illegal, fraudulent, false or misleading; (iv) transmission via the services any material which may affect the intellectual property rights or other third parties; (v) the building or comparison of products or services, or any competitive copying characteristics, functions or graphics services; or (vi) the use of services in order to transfer any news or of materials that are, minorities, are threats are napastliwe obscene, obscene, infringe intellectual property rights of any party or is otherwise illegal, which could result in bring to civil liability or which constitute or encourage the conduct that
(Ix) the use of services in breach of the rules or in a way which prejudices the legislation in force, zoom in this, inter alia, law, export controls, privacy, the right antyspamowe and anti-terrorist legislation and law requiring the approval of the people affected by voice and video recordings and you agree that have exclusive responsibility for compliance with all such laws and regulations.
Restrictions on use.
The user can not reproduce or distribute or any reports, are services and / or data generated by services in any order, unless it has been at this special permission under a separate agreement with the zoom.
You can not offer, or to permit the use of services purchased by it to third parties, on any website or publish display otherwise services or any content obtained under the services (other than content created by himself), or otherwise generate income from services, or use the services for the development, production or marketing of services or products broadly similar to the services.
Responsibility for end-users.
User is in charge of all end users who gain access to or use the services through its accounts and agrees to ensure that any such end-user will follow the conditions of this agreement and any rules zoom.
Zoom shall not be liable for infringements.
If user finds out about any infringement of the provisions of this agreement in connection with the use of services by any person, is being asked to contact with zoom at trust @ zoom.us.
Zoom may examine any complaints and infringements, which will draw the attention and may take any action it deems appropriate, including
Issue warnings, remove the content and / or profile or eliminate account users.
In any event not be liable for any zoom data or other content reviewed when using services, including but not limited to, errors or omissions in such data or for content as well as for any loss or damage resulting from the use of access or refusal of access to data or content.
Commitments zoom in relation to the content.
Zoom will maintain adequate physical and technical security to prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to content, in accordance with the standards of trade.
Zoom informs the member in the case of obtaining information about unauthorised access to the content.
Zoom will not obtain access or process except (and looking at the content) situation provided for in this agreement and in the statement of privacy zoom; (b) situations where the user authorized to this or asked for it, (c) situations where this is required for the implementation of the obligations arising from this agreement; or (d) situation, where this is required by law.
Zoom there are no other obligations in relation to the content.
Conditions.
Confirm state that they are at least 16 years of age and have full capacity and competence to adopt conditions commitments, statements and specified in this agreement and to guarantee compliance with and comply with the provisions of this agreement.
Access can be locked down without warning, if we consider that you have less than 16 years of age or do not have the power to of use.
Use; restricting the use of by children.
Services are intended for use by businesses.
You can choose to use the services for other purposes, in accordance with the conditions and restrictions laid down in this agreement.
Zoom is not intended for use by persons under 16 years of age, unless through subscriber school (as defined in the description of services) using this deadline for education (from zoom to high school). zerówki
Fees and cancellation.
User agrees to load by credit card or other payment mechanism zoom chosen by the user and approved by the zoom (" user account ") all the amounts due for services.
All payments made by the user to our benefit under this agreement will be free from any deductions, which may be required and deductions by law.
If such reductions (including, inter alia, deductions or
National or cross-border withholding taxes) will be required of any payment, you will pay as are necessary, such additional amounts to the net amount obtained by the us was equal to the amount due and payable under this agreement, then.
We user such as will be required in order to tax forms, reduce or eliminate the tax deductions in respect of deductions or payments made on the basis of this agreement.
Zoom may change the price at any time, including change service free for paid and charge for services that were previously offered free of charge; provided, however, that zoom user accounts and to the elimination of the previously notifies if he can turn price service to which the user is subscribed and there will be no charge for previously free service, unless the user was informed of the relevant charges and agreed to their payment.
User agrees that in cases where the zoom is not able to collect the fees to be paid for by user account, zoom Zoomowi services may take all other steps that it deems necessary in order to collect such user charges, and that the user will be responsible for any costs and expenses incurred by the zoom in relation to such activities, including the collection costs, windykacyjnymi judicial and lawyers ' fees.
User also agrees that zoom may charge interest of two values: 1,5 % of lower per month or the highest amount permitted by law from all the amount of unpaid within.
You may at any time cancel subscription.
When cancelling the user will not charged any additional conditions for the provision, and services will continue until the end of the current period of subscription.
For deletions, user does not receive a refund for already paid services.
Taxes.
Unless stated otherwise, all the prices and fees provided by zoom do not contain taxes or regulatory charges, service charges, service charges, fees installation licence fees or other charges related to the account of the user.
Where appropriate, taxes and charges will be calculated on the invoices submitted by zoom regulatory in accordance with local laws and regulations.
Zoom discretion face amount of tax due.
Charged taxes and charges regulatory may change without notice.
Vat invoices.
Unless required by the provisions, zoom will emit to the user or a document which is to be considered an invoice vat by the competent tax authorities as a vat invoice.
User confirms that such an invoice may be issued, electronically.
Exemption.
If user shall be exempt from tax or fee, the user will zoom all relevant exemption certificate and / or other documents in line with expectations of the competent authorities in order to confirm status tax exemption.
Zoom reserves the right to review and verification of the documents relating to the exemption.
Where documents concerning the tax exemption is null and void, zoom reserves the right to the calculation of the tax user.
The payment of taxes and regulate charges.
User pays any applicable taxes and charges. regulate zoom
User sole responsibility for the payment of all taxes and fees payable as a result of the provision by zoom to regulate services to the user.
If the user has to pay taxes and regulate charges, of their amount shall be paid without any reduction or reductions in the amount due under this agreement, and the user zoom will pay any additional amount that will be necessary to zoom receives the full amount, as if it wasn't the duties required no offsetting or deduction.
Vat payable by the customer.
Where taxes and charges shall be payable by the user to the tax authorities instead of for, under the reverse charge zoom or other similar mechanism user will zoom all the evidence suitable for zoom, in order to demonstrate the nature of the user activity, such as
Important tax reference number (or similar information required by the relevant provisions of vat).
Zoom reserves the right to review and revision of the registration number of the tax.
Where tax reference number will be invalid, zoom reserves the right calculation user existing vat.
For avoidance of doubt, if from the user's vat is due to the tax authority under the reverse charge or of any other similar mechanism, user sole responsibility for the payment of these amounts to the relevant tax authority to zoom receives the full amount required charges.
The taxation.
Taxation based primarily on the location of the customer activities based on the data which was founded by or in the case of natural persons, customer in place of permanent residence.
This information will be determined by zoom as " address of the purchaser. "
Zoom reserves the right to verify the relative to other available evidence to confirm whether the location of the user is correct.
Where user location is invalid, zoom reserves the right calculation user any outstanding taxes and charges.
Efficient use.
If user services and those services are purchased zoom used effectively by the user in a country other than associate user in as specified in point location.
9 ((
E) these conditions service user confirms that in cases where the required user will treat it as a provision of the service to his paying associated.
Where user purchased services and the services are used effectively by a branch or a natural person in a country other than the user in a manner defined in point location
9 ((
(E) of these conditions service user confirms that informs about services and takes note of zoom, zoom that has the right to the calculation of taxes and charges on the basis of efficient use of these services.
Termination of the contract.
Website zoom contains information about how to user account.
If user bought for a limited period this service will be effective last day of the liquidation period.
Form contract may stipulate that the renewal of starts automatically, unless either party will notice of liquidation at least thirty (30) days before the start of the period of renewal.
If you do not comply with any of the provisions of this agreement, zoom may terminate this contract immediately and stop any charge made earlier by the user.
3-22 including points 1 and shall remain in force after termination of this agreement.
After terminate this agreement user must stop further the use of services.
If at any time the user is not satisfied with the services, the only counter-measure is to stop the use of services and proceedings, in accordance with this procedure solution.
Property rights.
Zoom and / or his supplier, respectively, all property rights to retain ownership of services and to all the trade names, trademarks, signs of services, and of domain names (" signs zoom logotypów ") or associated services displayed.
Can not be put in boxes or use the techniques to accommodate any marks company zoom ramkowania or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout or form) companies without the express written consent. zoom
May not be used any tags or other " hidden " meta texts using marks zoom without the express written approval of the zoom.
Confidentiality.
Each party agrees to treatment and behaviour in confidentiality all the information received from the other party on the activities of private, systems, operations strategic plans, customers, prices (including, inter alia,
Pricing set out under this agreement), methods, processes, financial data, programmes and / or products in any form, on the other hand which are identified as " confidential ', or should be understood as being confidential by an average person in normal circumstances (" confidential information ").
For purposes of this agreement confidential information include user data and any user information disclosed by the user to its activities, zoom systems, operations strategic plans, customers, prices, methods, processes, financial data, programmes and / or products of the user.
Each party agrees to limit the disclosure of confidential information on the other hand the lowest possible figure number of individuals and only to those who need know them, are employees of the operator or his associates, and subject to the obligation of such information confidential.
Unless necessary with the relevant obligations arising from this agreement, none of the parties, without the prior written consent of the other hand, can not disclose confidential information to any person, company or firm on the other hand, unless explicitly allows for this agreement, or use them to their benefit or for the benefit of a third party.
Off. "
Confidential information " shall not contain content or information that (a) are already legally known to the when they receive from the other hand, without the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of such information; (b) are or have become publicly known or available without unlawful action party; (c) have been lawfully obtained from a third party without restrictions and violations of the provision of services or these conditions (d) have been drawn up by the party without the use of proprietary information provided by the other party private under this agreement.
An exception.
Each party may disclose confidential information, if this is required by law, regulation or a court order, while a party to such laws, regulations or arrest, where this is permitted, court informs the other party of such use or disclosure requirement in order to ensure the other side of the possibility of arrest protective and avoiding or reducing the disclosure of information to third parties.
Period confidentiality and obligations related to confidentiality.
Obligations relating to confidentiality defined in this clause service operating conditions will apply for a period of five (5) years from disclosure.
The two parties undertake (a) take reasonable steps to protect confidential information on the other hand, while these steps must provide at least the same protection as the steps taken by the receiving party for the protection of their confidential information and be of not less than a reasonable level of prudence; (b) inform the party in as soon as it unauthorised use or disclosure of confidential information and (c) in the case of unauthorised disclosure by the receiving party, worked with in control of confidential information in the recovery of the party and prevent further unauthorised their use or disclosure.
Copyright.
Shall not be published, modify, or reproduce in any way the spread of in-copyright material, trade marks, of personal rights and other property rights without the prior written consent of the owner of such rights.
Zoom may refuse access to services, for which there are any user suspicion that infringes copyright of another party.
Without above, if the user considers that its copyright have been violated, please notification companies in the manner specified here. zoom
Restrictions on exports.
User acknowledges that the services, or part of them, shall be subject to the administration of export 15.
F.
R.
Part 730-774, the united states and may be subject to other rules in force concerning export control and trade sanctions (" provisions governing the export control and sanctions ").
On request, will export us on their classification zoom services.
User and its end users must not be obtained access, use, export,, transferred, or disclose reeksportować redirect any part of the services, or any related technical information or materials, directly or indirectly, in breach of the provisions relating to export control and sanctions.
User declares and guarantees that: (i) the user and its end-users (a) they are not nationals, or are not in the country or territory, which is covered by the trade sanctions usa or other significant restrictions (including trade
Cuba, iran, north korea, syria and region of crimea, donetsk and ukraine), and that the user Ługańska and its end users will not obtain access to services, nor benefit from them, nor export, or provide services, in reeksportować redirect such countries or territories such; (b) are not persons or are held in 50 % or more, individually or jointly, by the persons listed in the list of a us treasury for
People specially marked and blocked citizens or the list of individuals from sanctions foreign and derogating from (c) are not persons included in the list of the department of trade for us
Person subject to or on the, on the u.s. state department or the unverified for
Weapons of mass destruction; and (ii) the user and its end-users located in china, russia or venezuela are not end users and will not use military services for military use, in accordance with the final zoom defined in 15.
F.
R.
744.
21 (iii) none of the content of the created or sent by the user or end users is not subject to restrictions to disclosure, transfer, export or re-export collection, under the rules on export controls and sanctions; and (iv) user and end-users shall not take any action which would breach or would be punishable under american provisions administered by department of trade or antybojkotowych united states treasury department.
User sole responsibility for compliance with rules on export controls and sanctions, and monitoring of their at an angle of any changes.
No use in situations of high risk.
Services are not designed or licensed for use in hazardous environments, including, inter alia, requiring emergency controls for nuclear installations, navigation systems / air transport, air traffic control systems life-support systems or weapons.
Services may not be used in an environment of high risk, or in connection with it.
The claims.
You are to note that any use of the services in a manner contrary to this agreement, or any delegation sublicencjonowanie, copying or disclosure of technical or materials associated with the services, can cause irreparable damage to zoom, his associates, suppliers and any other parties authorised by zoom to the resale, distribution or promotion services (" "), and in such circumstances, the resellers zoom, its associated, suppliers and operators will be entitled to resellers, without having to make bail fair redress or other security, including, but not exclusively, initial and permanent security claims.
There is no guarantee.
User understands and agrees that service is provided " such as are " and the company zoom, its associated supplier and resellers clearly entities shall waive all guarantees or implicit, including expressed m.
In.
Every guarantee suitability commercial suitability for any purpose or integrity.
Company zoom, its entities associated supplier and resellers shall not grant any guarantee, nor shall any statements concerning the performance of which can be obtained as a result of the use of services, accuracy or reliability of the information obtained through the services, and that services would meet the requirements, will be continuous, timely user safe or free from error.
Using services is on your exclusive risk.
Any material and / or data collected or otherwise obtained through the use of service user uses at its own discretion and at their own risk.
You are sole responsibility for any losses as a result of the use of services.
All risks associated with the use of services or benefits is on your side.
Zoom accepts no responsibility for the storage of any information on users or communication between users.
Zoom can not guarantee and don't promise any concrete results arising from the use of services.
Use is at its own risk.
Exemption from liability.
Agree secure, you defend and protect a zoom, its members of the board of directors, entities associated workers consultants, agents, suppliers and resellers against any third party claims responsibility, damage and / or costs (including, but not only, lawyers) arising from the use by member honorariami with services, breaches of this agreement or infringement or violations by states or by another user accounts, any intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity, or the current legislation.
The limitation of liability.
A the permitted by applicable law in any event, the company and its entities associated supplier or zoom resellers shall not be held liable for any damage special, intermediate or accidental (including examples of performance m.
In.
Injury for loss of earnings business, breaks in activities, the loss of information or any other business losses of money or injury) arising from the use or where the use of services or the provision of services or a lack of technical support or other support services arising from unauthorised act (including) contracts or other legal issue, negligence even if the company zoom, its associated supplier or resellers operators have been informed of the possibility of such damage.
Whenever maximum total responsibility zoom, her associates, suppliers and resellers and exclusive remedy with regard to any user claims arising from this agreement or to its content will be limited to the amount actually paid by the state for services (if applicable) within twelve (12) months before the event or circumstances which give rise to such claims.
Because some states and do not allow for exclusion or limitation of liability jurisdictions, this limitation may not be applicable to the user.
The arbitration agreement; surrender of class actions.
If user is located in the united states, the user agrees to the settlement of disputes only on an individual basis, by way of arbitration in accordance with annex a.
Parties expressly shall waive all rights to bring action, process or proceedings as collective redress, private enforcement or any other procedure in which any of the parties is or act as a representative. proposes
Privacy policy and other provisions.
Recourse to the services is also statement of, to which the link is available privacy zoom by selecting " privacy policy and legislation in the zoom. " stopce
Statement on privacy and all the provisions listed on the website https: / / explore.zoom.us / en / / trust are included in this agreement by / legal-compliance this reference.
In addition, if the use by the user of services requires zoom processing of any information enabling the identification of persons (" ' or " personal data ") projects, zoom's doing that in line with our always added for
Global data-processing zoom https: / / zoom.us / docs / doc / zoom _ global _ Dpa.pdf which was included in these conditions to provide services.
Also, you know, and agree that zoom may contact the member via e-mail or otherwise, by providing information related to the use of services, regardless of whether or not and you'll leave from receiving marketing communications and notifications.
Miscellaneous provisions
The choice of law and the general court.
This agreement will be managed and interpreted in the context of state of california (usa), as applicable to contracts concluded and carried out in california by the people of california.
With the exception of the provisions of annex a, the parties agree to have exclusive jurisdiction and jurisdiction state located in and santa clara, california and courts serving county in northern california. federal district
The contracting authority.
Where account account at the address / sales zoom contains address in india, the person responsible for the implementation of the contract, pursuant to these conditions, is an associate zoom, india pvt ltd ZVC
Surrender and separation provisions.
Nieskorzystanie by either party of rights conferred on it by this agreement, or failure to comply with any of its provisions will not be considered surrender or loss of such rights or the possibility of enforcement of such a provision.
If any of the provisions of this agreement will be recognised by the court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, it doesn't matter or feasible, this provision will be amended so as to achieve as close as possible to the economic impact, and the remainder of the original provisions of this agreement shall remain in full power.
General provisions.
This agreement covers the whole of the agreement and agreements between the parties in respect of the subject-matter of this agreement and replaces all earlier agreements and agreements between the parties in relation to this subject, with the exception of a situation in which a user or his company made a separate agreement in writing or when you signed the order form referring to a separate agreement use of governing.
Then such an agreement will take precedence in so far as any provision of this agreement is contrary to the terms of such an agreement.
Zoom may be amended or supplemented by conditions of this agreement at any time at their own discretion.
Zoom commercially reasonable efforts to inform member will of any significant changes in this agreement.
Within 10 working days of a change in this agreement (or 10 working days from the date of notification, if such had been delivered), they will be binding on the state.
If you do not agree to those changes should no longer be the use of services.
If you will continue to benefit from service after a period of 10 working days, it is considered that a change in the terms of this agreement have been accepted.
In order to benefit from certain services, you can be informed about the need for and / or downloading of software to agree to the additional conditions.
Unless expressly provided in such additional conditions, these additional conditions are hereby incorporated into this agreement.
This agreement is drawn up in english and such version is in force in all aspects, and any nieanglojęzyczne for information purposes only of this agreement are versions.
Annex a
Binding arbitration
Annex a to the conditions that apply to the subsequent describes the provisions binding arbitration and the waiver of class actions.
Disputes.
Dispute any controversy between user and zoom concerning services related to services, services, the software user accounts, advertising, marketing or communication zoom, transactions for the purchase or settlement of the user, or any condition of this agreement, on the basis of any thoughts, including legal agreement, guarantees, act non-authorised law or regulation, with the exception of disputes relating to the enforcement of intellectual property rights or the validity of the user or zoom.
Within, in order to resolve disputes the best efforts of and prior to launching arbitration, each party agrees delegate the other party in address legal notice of the dispute, including @ zoom.us description of the proceedings that efforts have been taken, to address it and what party to the dispute demands as part of the solution.
The availability of the
Small claims.
Proceedings may continue in the local court for
Small claims are complied with the requirements of the general court.
However, if such a claim will be forwarded to, removed, or to any other court, zoom revoked reserves the right to request arbitration.
The arbitration procedure.
Disputes which are not dealt with in accordance with section a or b, will be settled by arbitration.
American Arbitration association (aaa) will lead arbitration, according to its rules of arbitration trade.
More information is available at www.adr.org.
Hearing arbitration will take place in the federal district court competent for the main location activity of the user.
Assigned one arbitrator.
Arbitrator must: (a) to comply with all the laws in force; (b) comply with the rules in force of limitations; (c) to honour important; (d) to claims concerning the powers of a written decision reasoned decision.
Arbitrator may grant compensation or reparation and cover the cost of (declarative nakazowe this reasonable fees). bar
Each arbitral may be enforced (e.g.
By judgment) in any court competent.
Aaa arbitrator shall decide in accordance with the characteristics, including about of its suitability for arbitration all claims, however, the court has exclusive competence to enforce the ban in relation to arbitration or as a representative of the class.
The arbitration.
If you are not able to cover the costs of arbitration will zoom, provided that these costs will decide whether the costs must be reimbursed arbitrator zoom in the case of winning.
In disputes of a value exceeding 75 000 usd, staff regulates the charges for the submission of the matter and aaa of fees and expenses aaa and arbitrator.
Conflict with the rules of aaa.
This agreement shall apply in the case of a conflict with the rules of arbitration commercial aaa.
The requirement to submit a claim or dispute within one year.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of limitations, claim or dispute under this agreement must be lodged with the court of
Small claims or submitted for arbitration within one year from the date on which could be made for the first time, otherwise such a dispute or such a claim will be permanently time-barred.
Separation of.
If renunciation of class actions will be considered unlawful or impracticable in respect of all or certain parts of the dispute, the parts are not subject to arbitrage, but will be settled in court, and the remainder will be settled by arbitration.
If any provision of this annex and shall be deemed to be incompatible with the law or impracticable, then such a provision will be excluded; however, the other provisions shall continue to apply and will be interpreted in such a way that as much as possible to the original intention of this annex, including (excluding excluded provisions.
