Amazon.de Terms and Conditions
Last modified: May 21, 2021
Welcome to Amazon.de.
Amazon Europe Core Sarl, Amazon EU Sarl and/or their affiliates ("Amazon") offer website functionality and other products and services when you use the Amazon.de website (the "Site") or make purchases on the Site, Devices , use Amazon products or services, use Amazon mobile applications or use software provided by Amazon in any of the foregoing contexts (collectively, “Amazon Services”).
Please read our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Notice and our Internet Advertising Notice to understand how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon Services.
Amazon provides the Amazon Services subject to the terms and conditions set forth on this page.
Amazon.de is the trading name for Amazon.
The previous version of the General Terms and Conditions can be found on our Previous Versions of Legal Notices help page.
Terms of Use
Conditions of Sale
TERMS OF USE
Please read these Terms carefully before using the Amazon Services.
By using Amazon Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
We offer you a large selection of Amazon services.
Notice and Procedure for Notifying Amazon.com of Infringement.
1 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
When you use an Amazon Service or send emails, text messages or other communications to us from your computer or mobile device, you are communicating with us electronically.
We will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as: B. via email, text messages, in-app push messages or by publishing electronic messages or other communication on our website or as part of other Amazon services, such as the Message Center.
For contractual purposes, you agree that all consents, notifications, publications and other communications that we communicate to you electronically do not require written form, unless mandatory applicable legal regulations require another form of communication.
2 RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSONALIZATION
As part of Amazon Services, we recommend features, products and services that may be of interest to you, determine your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services.
3 COPYRIGHT AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content included in or made available through an Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations, is the property of Amazon or third parties that provide or access content the website and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and database law.
The entire body of content contained in or provided through an Amazon Service is also the exclusive property of Amazon and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and database law.
You may not systematically extract and/or reuse portions of an Amazon Service without our express written consent.
In particular, you may not use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction programs to extract any material portion of an Amazon Service for reuse (whether on a single or multiple basis) without Amazon.de's express written consent.
Furthermore, you may not create and/or publish your own database that contains essential parts of an Amazon service (e.g. our prices and product information) without the express written consent of Amazon.de.
4 TRADEMARK AND LABEL LAW
Visit our Amazon Trademarks help page for a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks and trademarks.
In addition, Amazon.de's graphics, logos, headers, button icons, scripts and service names contained in or provided through an Amazon Service constitute trademarks and distinctive rights of Amazon.
Amazon's trademarks and trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon.
All other trademarks and identifiers not owned by Amazon that appear on an Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners.
5 PATENT
One or more of Amazon's patents are applicable to the Amazon Services and to functionalities and services accessible through the Amazon Services.
Portions of the Amazon Services are operated under license from one or more patents.
Visit our help page to view a non-exhaustive list of applicable Amazon or affiliated patents and licensed patents.
6 LICENSE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use and any applicable Terms of Service and payment of any applicable fees, Amazon and its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to access and make non-commercial use of the Amazon Services.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of Amazon Services or their Content, any collection and use of product information, descriptions or prices, any derivative use of Amazon Services or their Content, any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant, or the Use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction programs.
Amazon and its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders or other content providers reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms of Use or the Terms of Service.
No Amazon Service or any portion thereof may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Amazon trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (such as images, text, page layout, or form) without our express written consent.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without our express written consent.
You may not misuse the Amazon Services.
You may only use the Amazon Services as permitted by law.
The rights granted by Amazon to use Amazon Services will terminate if you fail to comply with these Terms of Use or the Terms of Service.
7 YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need an Amazon account to use certain Amazon services, or you may need to be logged into your Amazon account and have a valid payment method linked to the account.
If there is a problem charging your chosen payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method linked to your Amazon account.
Click on Your Payments to edit your payment methods.
If you use an Amazon Service, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and mobile devices, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to be responsible for all activities be made through your account or password.
You should take all necessary steps to ensure that your password is kept confidential and secure and you should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that a third party has acquired knowledge of your password or that the password is being used without authorization or this is likely.
You are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide to us is accurate and complete and for notifying us of any changes to the information you have provided.
You can view your information in the My Account section of the website.
Please read our help page About protecting your privacy to gain access to your personal information.
You may not use any Amazon Service: (i) in any manner likely to disrupt, damage, or otherwise impair the Amazon Service or access thereto, or (ii) for or in connection with any fraudulent purpose a criminal offense or unlawful activity or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or distress.
We reserve the right to withhold Amazon Services or terminate accounts to you if your conduct gives reasonable grounds to do so.
This will particularly be the case if you violate applicable law, contractual agreements, our policies or our principles, all of which are accessible on our website.
Notwithstanding any such limitation or termination, you will continue to have access to the content and services you previously purchased.
8 REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may write reviews, comments and other content, send e-cards and other communications, and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, are infringing, represent a communicative attack on children/young people, impair children/young people's personal integrity or otherwise harm third parties or are inadmissible and do not consist of software viruses, political campaigns, advertising, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam" or this contains.
You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any debit or credit card or other content.
We reserve the right (but assume no obligation without sufficient notice) to remove or edit such content.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights are being violated by an item or information on an Amazon Service, please notify us by completing and submitting the applicable notification form.
When you provide customer reviews, comments, questions or answers, or other content you make available for display on the Amazon website (such as images, videos, or audio, collectively "Content"), you grant Amazon: (a) that non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use, reproduce, publish, make available and modify such content worldwide in any media, including the right to sublicense to third parties; and (b) the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content.
Moral rights are not transferred by this regulation.
You can delete your Content from public view, or, if this functionality is offered, change your settings so that only people you designate have access to your Content.
You warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you authored; that, at the time the content and materials are provided: (i) the content and materials are error-free; and (ii) the use of the content and materials you provide will not violate any applicable Amazon terms and policies and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or materials are not defamatory and do not compromise the personal integrity of children/ do not affect young people).
You agree to indemnify and hold Amazon harmless from any claims brought against Amazon by any third party arising out of or in connection with the content or materials you have provided, except to the extent that any liability arises from Amazon's failure to do so To remove content appropriately as soon as Amazon.de has been informed of the illegality (notification form).
9 CLAIMS ARISING FROM INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Amazon respects the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to fear of infringement, please follow our procedure for notifying Amazon.de of an infringement.
10 TERMS OF USE FOR AMAZON SOFTWARE
In addition to these Terms of Use, any software (including any updates and upgrades and any related documentation) that we may make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with the Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software") is available on our Help page Amazon Games and Software Terms of Use Available Software Terms of Use.
11 OTHER COMPANIES
Persons other than Amazon operate stores, provide services or sell product ranges on this website.
We also provide links to websites of affiliated companies and certain other companies.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating such offerings or sites and we do not warrant the offerings of any of these companies or individuals or the content of their websites.
Amazon assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions, products, and content of all of these or any third parties.
You will be informed if a third party is involved in your transaction and we may share your information regarding that transaction with that third party.
You should read their privacy policies and other terms of use carefully.
12 AMAZONS ROLLE
Amazon allows third-party sellers to list and sell their products on the website.
This can be seen on the respective product detail page.
Although Amazon facilitates transactions on the Amazon Marketplace, Amazon is neither the buyer nor the seller of these third-party items.
Amazon offers buyers and sellers the ability to negotiate and complete transactions.
Therefore, the contract that is concluded upon completion of the sale of these third-party items is concluded exclusively between the buyer and the seller.
Amazon is not a contractual partner and therefore assumes no responsibility for that contract.
Amazon is also not the seller's agent.
The Seller is responsible for the sale of the Products, any complaint from the Buyer and all other matters arising from the contract between the Buyer and the Seller.
Because Amazon wants to provide the buyer with a safe shopping experience, Amazon offers the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee in addition to the legal or contractual rights.
13 OUR LIABILITY
We always strive to ensure that the Amazon Services are available without interruption and that transmissions are error-free.
However, due to the nature of the Internet, this cannot be guaranteed.
Your access to Amazon Services may also be occasionally interrupted or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services.
We attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such temporary suspension or restriction.
Amazon is liable without limitation if the cause of the damage is based on an intentional or grossly negligent breach of duty by Amazon or one of Amazon's legal representatives or vicarious agents.
Furthermore, Amazon is liable for the slightly negligent breach of essential obligations.
Essential are obligations whose violation jeopardizes the achievement of the purpose of the contract or whose fulfillment makes the proper execution of the contract possible in the first place and on whose compliance you regularly rely.
In this case, however, Amazon is only liable for foreseeable, contract-typical damage.
Amazon is not liable for the slightly negligent violation of obligations other than those mentioned in the previous sentences.
The above limitations of liability do not apply in the event of injury to life, body or health, for a defect after a guarantee has been given for the quality of the product and for defects that are fraudulently concealed.
Liability under the Product Liability Act remains unaffected.
To the extent that Amazon's liability is excluded or limited, this also applies to the personal liability of employees, representatives and vicarious agents.
14 APPLICABLE LAW
Luxembourg law applies, excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the conflict of laws.
The non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Luxembourg City district is agreed.
If you are a consumer with a habitual residence in the EU, you also enjoy the protection of the mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence.
You may choose to bring claims relating to these Terms of Use arising from consumer protection standards either in Luxembourg or in the EU Member State in which you live.
The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution, which can be found at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ [external link].
We prefer to clarify your concerns directly with you and therefore do not take part in consumer arbitration proceedings.
Please contact us directly if you have any questions or problems.
15 EXPORT CONTROL
You agree that you will not export, re-export or transfer any products (including software or other digital products) purchased through the Website to any country, individual, company, organization or entity such export is restricted or prohibited by law.
For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, the U.S. Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce, and other government agencies (such as embargoes imposed on certain countries or economic sanctions that against individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering offenses), prohibit you from bringing products into other countries, even for your own personal use, and/or products (whether physically, by post or digitally via email or file sharing) to certain Individuals, companies, organizations or corporations.
In addition, you agree that you will not purchase any products or services through the website if you yourself are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions).
16 CHANGES TO SERVICES OR CHANGES TO TERMS OF USE
You are subject to the Terms and Conditions, Terms of Agreement and Terms of Use in effect at the time you use the Amazon Services.
If you are the holder of a customer account and provided that the change does not disadvantage you unreasonably, we have the right to change the general terms and conditions, contractual terms and conditions of use, rules and service conditions, in whole or in part, at any time for the following reasons: For legal or regulatory reasons; for safety reasons; to further develop or optimize existing features of the Services and to add additional features; to take technical progress into account and make technical adjustments and to ensure the future functionality of the services.
If we make changes, we will notify you within a reasonable period of time and advise you of your rights.
You have the option to close your customer account at any time.
If any modification is found to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, this will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining modifications or conditions.
Nonetheless, we reserve the right to make changes to the Amazon Services at any time.
17 NO WAIVER
If you breach these Terms of Use and we do nothing about it, we will continue to be entitled to exercise our rights on any other occasion where you breach these Terms of Use.
18 MINORS
We do not offer products for purchase by minors.
Our products for children can only be purchased by adults.
If you are under 18, you may only use Amazon Services with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
19 OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
This website (excluding the MP3 Music Service) is operated by Amazon Europe Core SARL.
Specific terms of use and sales for other Amazon offerings, such as the MP3 Music Service operated by Amazon Media EU SARL, can be found in our Terms of Use for AutoRip.
For Amazon Europe Core SARL:
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Limited Liability Company,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 154,560
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg register number: B- 180022
Business Licence Number: 10040783
VAT number: LU 26375245
Other contact information:
For Amazon EU SARL:
Amazon EU SARL,
Limited liability company,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 125,000
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg registration number: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
VAT number: LU 20260743
Registered branch:
Amazon EU SARL,
Office Germany,
Marcel-Breuer-Str.
12,
80807 Munich, Germany
Munich District Court, Commercial Register B
Registration number HRB 218574
VAT identification number: DE 814584193
For Amazon Services Europe SARL:
Amazon Services Europe SARL,
Limited liability company,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 37,551
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg registration number: B-93815
Business Licence Number: 132595
VAT identification number: LU 19647148
For Amazon Media EU SARL:
Amazon Media EU SARL,
Limited liability company,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 50,000
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg register number: 112767
Business Licence Number: 136312
VAT number: LU 20944528
20 NOTIFICATION AND PROCEDURE TO AMAZON.DE FOR NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENTS.
If you believe your intellectual property right has been violated and you qualify for Amazon Brand Registration, please log in and report the infringement via Brand Registration Support.
Otherwise, please submit your complaint using our notification form.
You can use this form to notify us of all types of intellectual property claims, including copyright, trademark, design and patent claims.
Upon receipt of the complaint, we may take certain actions, including, without limitation, removing information or items and, as appropriate, terminating repeat infringers.
All such actions are taken without any acknowledgment of liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved.
In particular, we reserve the right to forward the complaint to those parties who are accused of violating the law.
You agree to indemnify and hold Amazon harmless from any third party claims asserted against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the filing of a complaint.
Note on third-party listings: Please note that third-party listings on Amazon.de are only stored or hosted and published solely at the discretion of the third-party providers.
Third parties can contact you through the Seller Information page; This page can be accessed from any product offering from the respective third-party provider.
ASIN and ISBN-10: "ASIN" stands for Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number, and is a 10-digit identification number.
You can find this for every product offer under “Product information”. "
ISBN-10" stands for International Standard Book Number and is a 10-digit identification number that you can find under "Product Information" on some book offerings.
Important Note: Providing false, misleading, or inaccurate information in a notification form to Amazon may result in civil or criminal liability.
You should contact legal counsel if you have any questions.
ADDITIONAL TERMS OF USE FOR AMAZON SOFTWARE
Use of Amazon software.
You may use Amazon Software only to enable use of an Amazon Service provided by Amazon and only as permitted by the Terms of Use, these Software Terms of Use and the Terms of Service.
You may not incorporate or compile any part of the Amazon Software into your own computer programs, transfer it for use with any other service, or sell, rent, loan, distribute or sublicense any part of the Amazon Software or otherwise have any rights in the Amazon Software or any part thereof transmitted.
You may not use the Amazon Software for any illegal purpose.
We may stop providing Amazon Software and terminate your rights to use Amazon Software at any time.
Your right to use any Amazon Software will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with these Software Terms of Use, the Terms of Use or any other Terms of Service.
Additional third-party software terms and conditions included in or distributed with certain Amazon Software and identified in the associated documentation may additionally apply to the Amazon Software (or to software incorporated into the Amazon Software) and take precedence over the Use of such software in the event of any conflict with these Terms of Use.
Any software used in an Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its licensors and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright laws.
Use of third party services.
When you use Amazon Software, you may also use services from one or more third parties, such as a network provider or a mobile phone provider.
Your use of such third party services may be subject to separate rules, conditions and fee obligations of such third parties.
No reverse engineering.
Except as expressly permitted by applicable mandatory law, you may not, and shall not encourage, assist or authorize others to copy, modify, reverse translate, decompile, disassemble or otherwise falsify or create derivative works of the Amazon Software or any portion thereof create.
Updates.
To keep Amazon Software up to date, we may offer automatic or manual updates at any time and without prior notice.
TERMS OF SALE
1 SCOPE
These Conditions of Sale govern the sale of products by Amazon EU S.à.r.l.
to them.
We offer you a large selection of Amazon services.
Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order with Amazon EU S.à.r.l.
give up.
By placing an order with Amazon EU S.à.r.l.
you agree to the application of these conditions of sale to your order.
2 CONCLUSION OF CONTRACT
Your order represents an offer to Amazon to conclude a purchase contract.
When you place an order with Amazon, we will send you a message confirming that we have received your order and listing its details (order confirmation).
If you use certain Amazon services (e.g. Amazon mobile applications), the order confirmation can be sent via your message center in your customer account.
This order confirmation does not constitute acceptance of your offer, but is only intended to inform you that we have received your order.
A purchase contract is only concluded when we ship the ordered product to you and confirm the shipment to you with a second email or a message in your message center in your customer account (shipping confirmation).
If your order is shipped in more than one package, you may receive a separate shipping confirmation for each package.
In this case, a separate purchase contract will be concluded between us for each shipping confirmation for the products listed in the respective shipping confirmation.
The contractual partner is Amazon EU Sarl.
Regardless of your right of cancellation under Section 3, you can cancel your order for a product free of charge at any time before you receive the associated shipping confirmation.
This right to cancellation does not apply to certain product groups and services, including digital content or software that is not delivered on a physical medium (e.g. a CD or DVD), provided that the download or use (whichever is earlier). is ) has begun.
You agree to receive invoices electronically.
Electronic invoices will be made available to you in PDF format in the My Account section of the website.
We will inform you in the shipping confirmation for each delivery whether an electronic invoice is available.
For more information about electronic invoices and for instructions on how to get a paper copy of the invoice, please visit our help pages.
Please note that we only sell all products in normal household quantities.
This applies both to the number of products ordered within one order and to placing multiple orders for the same product, where the individual orders contain a standard household quantity.
3 RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL UP TO 14 DAYS, EXCLUSION OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL, OUR VOLUNTARY RETURN GUARANTEE AND STATUTORY WARRANTY RIGHT
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
Right of withdrawal
You have the right to terminate this contract within 14 days from the day on which you or a third party designated by you who is not the carrier receives the goods (or the last goods, partial consignment or piece in the case of a contract for several goods of a single unit order or the delivery of goods in several partial shipments or pieces) or from the day of conclusion of the contract, in the case of digital content that is not delivered on a physical medium (e.g. CDs or DVDs), without specifying reasons to revoke.
In order to exercise your right of withdrawal, you must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract.
Please send your cancellation to:
Amazon EU S.à r.l.,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy , L-1855 Luxembourg for products sold and fulfilled by Amazon.
Amazon Services Europe S.à r.l.,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy , L-1855 Luxembourg for products sold by a third party and fulfilled by Amazon.
You can complete and submit your declaration electronically according to the explanations and forms available in our online returns center, you can contact us or use this model cancellation form.
If you use our online returns center, we will immediately send you confirmation (e.g. by email) of receipt of such a cancellation.
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient that you send the notification of your exercise of the right of cancellation before the cancellation period has expired and that you have returned the goods via our online returns center within the deadline defined below.
For additional information regarding the scope, content and explanations on how to exercise, please contact our customer service.
Consequences of revocation:
If you cancel this contract, we will refund you all payments for the purchased goods that we have received from you and we will refund you the cost of the cheapest standard delivery we offer.
This repayment will be made immediately and at the latest, subject to the situations mentioned below, within fourteen days from the day on which we receive notification of your cancellation of this contract.
For this repayment we will use the same payment method that you used for the original transaction, unless something different was expressly agreed with you.
Under no circumstances will we charge you any fees for the repayment.
We may refuse repayment until we have received the goods back or until you have provided evidence that you have sent the goods back, whichever is the earlier.
You must return the goods via our online returns center immediately and in any case no later than fourteen days from the day on which you notify us of your cancellation of this contract.
The deadline is met if you send the goods before the fourteen day period has expired.
You have to bear the regular costs of returning the goods if the goods delivered correspond to those ordered and if the price of the item to be returned does not exceed an amount of 40 euros or, if the price of the item is higher, you have not yet received the consideration or one at the time of cancellation have made the contractually agreed partial payment.
Otherwise, the return is free of charge.
Items that cannot be sent as parcels will be picked up from you.
You are only liable for any loss in value of the goods if this loss in value is due to the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
Exceptions to the right of withdrawal
The right of withdrawal does not exist or expires for the following contracts
for the delivery of goods that are not suitable for return for health protection or hygiene reasons and whose seal was removed after delivery or which were inseparably mixed with other goods after delivery due to their nature;
to deliver audio or video recordings or computer software in a sealed package if the seal has been removed after delivery;
to supply goods that are made to customer specifications or clearly tailored to personal needs
for the delivery of goods that can spoil quickly or whose expiry date would quickly be exceeded;
for services if Amazon has provided them in full (e.g. the use of the Amazon MP3 music service) and you have acknowledged and expressly agreed before placing the order that we can begin providing the service and you have exercised your right of withdrawal in full lose performance of the contract;
for the delivery of newspapers, magazines or magazines, with the exception of subscription contracts for the delivery of such publications; and
for the delivery of alcoholic beverages, the price of which was agreed upon when concluding the purchase contract, but whose delivery can only take place after 30 days and whose current value depends on fluctuations in the market over which the entrepreneur has no influence.
END OF REVOCATION
OUR VOLUNTARY RETURN GUARANTEE:
In addition to your statutory rights, we offer you the following voluntary return guarantee:
Product of Amazon EU S.à.r.l.
you can contact Amazon EU S.à.r.l. within 30 days of receipt of the goods.
return if none of the reasons for exclusion apply and the goods are complete and in the same condition as when received.
You cannot return goods for which you do not have the right of withdrawal, even within the scope of the return guarantee.
For more details, see our About Our Returns Policy help page.
To return items, please use our online returns center.
If you return goods in accordance with this Voluntary Return Guarantee, we will refund you the purchase price, but not the shipping costs, of your original purchase.
You also bear the transport risk and return shipping costs.
We only cover shipping and return costs for returns of clothing, shoes and handbags.
This return guarantee does not limit your statutory rights and therefore does not limit your right of withdrawal as described above.
STATUTORY WARRANTY LAW:
In addition to your 30-day return guarantee, buyers in the European Union have warranty rights for a period of two years from delivery of the goods and may request repair or replacement of products purchased on Amazon if they prove to be defective or not as described.
If the goods cannot be repaired or replaced within a reasonable time or without difficulty, you may request a refund or reduction in the purchase price.
In the case of used goods, the warranty period may be shorter than two years.
For additional information about the terms and conditions, please refer to our return policy.
4 PRIZES
All prices include the applicable VAT.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the products in our catalog may be mispriced.
We verify prices when we process your order and before charging payment.
If a product is mispriced and the correct price is higher than the price on the website, we will contact you before dispatching the goods to ask you whether you wish to purchase the product at the correct price or cancel the order.
If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship the product to you.
5 PAYMENT, RETENTION OF TITLE, DIRECT DEBIT, PURCHASE ON INVOICE
The purchaser can pay the purchase price by invoice (under the conditions stated in this section 5), credit card or direct debit.
Each product delivered remains the property of Amazon EU S.à.r.l. until paid for in full.
Payment by direct debit:
In the event of a return debit for which the purchaser is responsible, Amazon EU S.à r.l.
a flat-rate compensation of EUR 3.00 (“return debit fee”).
The customer can prove that no damage occurred at all or that it was significantly lower than the flat rate.
The above regulations apply accordingly to payments of the purchase price of goods sold by third parties (see Sections 11 and 12 of the Terms of Use).
Purchase on account:
For new customers there is a maximum limit up to which purchase on account is possible.
This limit applies to the entire customer account and also takes into account outstanding amounts from previous invoice orders.
Payment by invoice is only possible for consumers aged 18 and over.
The delivery address, house address and billing address must be identical and be within Germany or Austria.
Payment by invoice is not possible for services that are transmitted online (e.g. software for download) or for the purchase of vouchers.
The amount invoiced become due within receiving the bill.
Amazon EU S.à.r.l.
reserves the right not to offer certain payment methods in individual cases.
When paying by invoice, a one-off fee of EUR 1.50 including the applicable VAT per delivery will be charged in addition to any shipping costs that may arise for the complete shipment.
The customer will always be informed separately before the contract is concluded whether this fee applies.
This fee does not apply to customers who have their usual place of residence in Austria.
If the invoice amount is not paid on the due date for reasons for which the purchaser is responsible, Amazon EU S.à r.l.
a flat-rate compensation of EUR 3.00. The customer can prove that no damage occurred at all or that it was significantly lower than the flat rate.
6 DELIVERY
Unless otherwise agreed, delivery will be made to the delivery address specified by the customer.
On the website you will find information about the availability of products sold by Amazon (e.g. on the respective product detail page).
We would like to point out that all information regarding the availability, shipping or delivery of a product is only estimated information and approximate guidelines.
They do not represent binding or guaranteed shipping or delivery dates, unless this is expressly stated as a binding date in the shipping options for the respective product.
If Amazon discovers that the products you ordered are not available while processing your order, you will be informed separately by email or by message in your message center in your customer account.
The legal rights of the customer remain unaffected.
If delivery to the customer is not possible because the delivered goods do not fit through the customer's entrance door, front door or staircase or because the customer cannot be found at the delivery address specified by him, even though the delivery time was announced to the customer with a reasonable amount of notice , the customer bears the costs for the unsuccessful delivery.
7 INCH
If you order products from Amazon for delivery outside the EU, you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the designated destination.
Any additional customs clearance charges must be borne by you; we have no influence on these fees.
Customs regulations vary greatly from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information.
Further, please note that when ordering from Amazon, you are considered the importer and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you receive the products.
Protecting your data is important to us and we would like to make our international customers aware that cross-border shipments are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
For more information please read our customs information.
8 1-CLICK ORDERING FUNCTION
The 1-Click order function is the fastest and easiest way to order products securely from Amazon.
If you are using a public or shared computer, we strongly recommend disabling the 1-Click Ordering feature when you are away from the computer.
9 WARRANTY ON PRODUCTS SOLD BY AMAZON AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In addition to your 30-day return guarantee, buyers in the European Union have warranty rights for a period of two years from delivery of the goods and may request repair or replacement of products purchased on Amazon if they prove to be defective or not as described.
If the goods cannot be repaired or replaced within a reasonable time or without difficulty, you may request a refund or reduction in the purchase price.
If the subsequent fulfillment is carried out by means of a replacement delivery, the purchaser is obliged to return the goods that were first delivered to Amazon within 30 days at Amazon's expense.
The defective goods must be returned in accordance with legal regulations.
Amazon reserves the right to claim damages under the legally regulated conditions.
In the case of used goods, the warranty period may be shorter than two years.
For additional information about the terms and conditions, please refer to our return policy.
Amazon is liable without limitation if the cause of the damage is based on an intentional or grossly negligent breach of duty by Amazon or one of Amazon's legal representatives or vicarious agents.
Furthermore, Amazon is liable for the slightly negligent breach of essential obligations.
Essential are obligations whose violation jeopardizes the achievement of the purpose of the contract or whose fulfillment makes the proper execution of the contract possible in the first place and on whose compliance you regularly rely.
In this case, however, Amazon is only liable for foreseeable, contract-typical damage.
Amazon is not liable for the slightly negligent violation of obligations other than those mentioned in the previous sentences.
The above limitations of liability do not apply in the event of injury to life, body or health, for a defect after a guarantee has been given for the quality of the product and for defects that are fraudulently concealed.
Liability under the Product Liability Act remains unaffected.
To the extent that Amazon's liability is excluded or limited, this also applies to the personal liability of employees, representatives and vicarious agents.
10 APPLICABLE LAW
Luxembourg law applies, excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the conflict of laws.
The non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Luxembourg City district is agreed.
This means that you may choose to bring claims relating to these Terms and Conditions of Sale arising from consumer protection standards either in Luxembourg or in the EU Member State in which you live.
If you are a consumer with a habitual residence in the EU, you also enjoy the protection of the mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence.
11 CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SALE
We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, terms and conditions including these Terms of Sale at any time.
The conditions of sale, contractual conditions and general terms and conditions in force at the time of your order will apply to your order, unless a change to these conditions is required by law or by official order (in which case they will also apply to orders, that you have previously made).
If any provision in these Terms of Sale is invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
12 NO WAIVER
If you breach these Terms of Sale and we do nothing about it, we will still be entitled to exercise our rights on any other occasion where you breach these Terms of Sale.
13 MINORS
We do not offer products for purchase by minors.
Our products for children can only be purchased by adults.
If you are under 18, you may only use Amazon.de with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
14 OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
Our contact information is:
Amazon EU SARL,
Limited liability company,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 125,000
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg
Registernummer: B-101818 Business
Licence Number: 134248
VAT number: LU 20260743
Registered branch:
Amazon EU SARL, Germany branch, Marcel-Breuer-Str.
12, 80807 Munich, Germany
Munich District Court, Commercial Register B
Registration number HRB 218574
VAT identification number: DE 814584193
Permanent representative: Ralf Kleber
