https://www.booking.com/content/terms.de.html?aid=356980&label=gog235jc-1FCBQoggJCBXRlcm1zSDNYA2hxiAEBmAEJuAEHyAEP2AEB6AEB-AEMiAIBqAIDuAKf0rCABsACAdICJDg0NTJlNGY2LTlhYTMtNDZkYS05OTg1LWVmMTA5NjczNzI0MdgCBuACAQ&sid=fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61&tmpl=docs%2Fterms-and-conditions&lang=de&soz=1&lang_click=other;cdl=it;lang_changed=1
2021-01-23 14:51:54
General Terms and Conditions for Travel
Content
Code of Conduct
Introduction General Terms and Conditions
General terms and conditions of business
The definition
Scope and type of our services
Prices, “We offer the same price”, Genius program and offers from a partner company
data protection
Fee-free for consumers, only travel providers pay!
Credit card or bank transfer
Advance payment, cancellation, no-show and fine print
(Further) communication and correspondence
Ranking, preferred program, stars and guest reviews
Disclaimer
Intellectual property
Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution
Through Booking.com and the support companies
Code of Conduct
“We do everything we can to help you discover the world” – we want to fulfill this mission by making it as easy as possible for you to visit the world's most beautiful places and the best attractions.
To achieve this goal, we comply with the following good practices:
You are important to us: And that's why we offer our platform and customer service in over 40 languages
We bring you: Over 1.5 million accommodations around the world from (very) luxurious accommodations to whatever you're looking for for your next stay in a hotel, motel, hostel, bed and breakfast, etc
We enable you to experience attractions and other travel providers
We enable payment processing for any (entrance) fee, purchase or rental of travel products or services using our payment service
We will help you (24/7): Our customer service is there for you around the clock, 365 days a year
We listen to you: Our platform is the result of what YOU (the users) prefer and find most practical when using our service
We hear you: We show uncensored reviews (from customers who actually stayed)
We promise you an informative, user-friendly website that guarantees the best prices available.
We offer the same price
Introduction General Terms and Conditions
These general terms and conditions, which are subject to change from time to time, apply to all our services provided directly or indirectly (i.e. through third parties) via the Internet, any type of mobile device, by email or by telephone.
By accessing our (mobile) website and using our applications, regardless of the platform (hereinafter referred to as the “Platform”) and/or completing a booking, you confirm that you have read and understood the terms and conditions set out below agree to these (including the data protection regulations).
These pages, the content and structure of these pages as well as the online accommodation reservation service (including payment processing) offered by us via these pages and this website are the property of and are operated by Booking.com B.V. operated and provided and are available only for your personal and non-commercial (B2C) use, subject to the terms and conditions set out below.
The relationships we have with the travel providers are governed by individual terms and conditions, which in turn govern the (B2B) business relationship we have with each of these travel providers.
Each Travel Provider will act in a professional manner towards Booking.com when promoting its product and/or service on or through Booking.com (both business-to-business ("B2B") and business-to-consumer ("B2C") “) relationships) makes available.
Please note that the travel provider may have its own terms and conditions (for delivery/carriage/use) as well as terms and conditions for use, access and execution of the trip (which may contain certain exclusion clauses and limitations of liability), declared applicable and/ or (acceptance thereof) required - in addition to the policies and fine print as disclosed on the Website.
The definition
“Booking.com”, “us”, “we” or “our” is Booking.com B.V., a limited liability company governed by Dutch law and registered at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The “Platform” is the (mobile) website and app on which the travel service owned, controlled, managed, maintained and/or hosted by Booking.com is provided.
“Travel” means the various travel products and services that you can order, purchase, purchase, pay for, rent, provide, reserve, combine or effect from the travel providers.
“Travel providers” are accommodation providers (e.g. a hotel, motel, apartment, bed & breakfast, landlord), attractions (e.g. (amusement) parks, museums, city tours), transport providers (e.g. car rental, boat trips, train and bus tours, (airport ) Transfers), tour guides, travel insurance and any other travel or similar products or services which may be available for booking on the Platform from time to time (both B2B and B2C).
The “Travel Service” means the online purchase, ordering, payment (including payment brokerage) or booking service, as offered or enabled by Booking.com, with respect to the various products and services that may be available from time to time from the Travel Providers on the Platform.
“Travel booking” means ordering, purchasing, paying, booking or reserving a trip.
1. Scope and type of our services
Through this platform, we (Booking.com B.V. and its affiliate (sales) partners) provide an online platform through which travel providers, in their professional capacity (i.e. B2B or B2C), promote, market, and sell and/or offer for ordering, purchasing, reserving, renting or lending (if applicable) and through which relevant visitors to this Platform discover, search for an order, reservation, purchase or payment (i.e. the travel service). , compare and carry out.
By using the travel service (e.g. by making a booking through the travel provider), you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the travel provider from whom you book or purchase a product or service (if applicable).
From the time you book your travel, we act exclusively as an intermediary between you and the travel provider by forwarding the details of your booking to the relevant travel provider and sending you a confirmation email on behalf of and in the name of the travel provider.
Booking.com does not sell, rent or offer any (travel) products or services.
The information we use to provide our travel services is based on the information provided to us by the travel providers.
The travel providers who market and promote their trips on our platform have access to our systems and the extranet and are therefore solely responsible for ensuring that the rates/fees/prices, availability, policies and terms and conditions and other important information provided on listed on our website are always updated.
Although we take great care and diligence in providing our travel services, we cannot verify and guarantee that all information is accurate, correct and complete, nor can we be held responsible for errors (including manifest errors or typographical errors), interruptions (due to a temporary nature of the service). limited and/or partial failure, repair, update or maintenance of our website or any other reason), inaccurate, misleading or untrue information or failure to provide the information.
Each travel provider remains responsible for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the (descriptive) information (including rates/prices/fees, policies & terms and conditions and availability) on our website.
Our website does not and is not intended to constitute a recommendation or endorsement of the quality, level of service, qualifications, classification (stars) or type of accommodation of any travel provider (or its facilities, venues, vehicles, products or services (main or ancillary). should not be viewed as such unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Our travel services are only available for private and non-commercial use.
Therefore, you are not permitted to distribute, link to sub-pages of, use, reproduce or extract any content or information, software, products or services available on our website for commercial or competitive purposes (for example with spider, scrape), republish, upload or reproduce.
2. Pricing, “We offer the same price”, Genius program and offers from a partner company
The prices offered by the travel providers on our site are highly competitive.
All prices for your trip are shown inclusive of VAT and all other taxes (and are therefore subject to tax fluctuations) and all fees unless otherwise stated on our website or in your confirmation email.
All ticket prices are per person or group and are subject to the validity and expiration date stated on the ticket, if applicable.
Applicable fees and taxes (including city/tourist taxes) may be charged by the travel provider in the event of no-shows or cancellations.
Occasionally, our website will display lower prices for certain stays at a hotel.
These prices set by the travel providers may be subject to special provisions, for example in relation to cancellations and refunds of payments made.
Before booking, please check carefully whether the relevant product, service or booking conditions are subject to such separate provisions.
We want you to pay the lowest possible price for your product or service.
If you find your chosen accommodation with the same travel conditions and a lower price online after you have booked with us, we will adjust our price to the lower price according to the “We offer the same price” policy.
Our “We offer the same price” promise does not apply to products and services unrelated to the accommodation.
The currency converter is for informational purposes only and therefore cannot be considered accurate or valid.
Current prices may vary.
Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints) reserved.
All special offers and promotions are marked as such.
If they are not marked as such, you cannot derive any rights from them if they are obvious errors.
Genius program
The Genius Rate is a discounted rate offered by participating properties for certain categories of rooms/accommodations.
The Genius rate applies to members of Booking.com's Genius program.
The Genius program is open to anyone who has an account on the platform.
There are no membership fees; To become a member you only need to complete 2 (two) stays in 2 (two) years.
Membership and Genius rates are per member and cannot be transferred.
Membership may also be linked to certain campaigns or incentive programs that may be launched or announced from time to time at Booking.com's sole discretion.
The Genius Program currently offers 2 (two) membership levels based on the number of bookings made through the Booking.com platform, each with different discount levels for selected accommodations and/or selected options (10% and 15% respectively).
Membership levels may vary and are subject to change at Booking.com's sole discretion.
Booking.com reserves the right to revoke and cancel the Genius membership of any individual in the event of misuse, for example breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or use of invalid credit cards.
Booking.com further reserves the right to revoke and cancel the Genius membership of any individual in the event of inappropriate conduct by such individuals, such as violence, threats, harassment, discrimination, obscene behavior or fraud against Booking.com (or its employees and agents) and/or the accommodation (or its employees and agents).
The Genius Rate cannot be combined or used with any other discounts (unless authorized by the property or otherwise specified).
Booking.com may, in its sole discretion, change (part of) the structure of the Genius Program or any other feature of the Program (including, without limitation, the status of the corresponding Genius Tier(s)) for any reason and without prior notice , restrict or modify.
The Genius membership is linked to your Booking.com account - it cannot end or expire unless you cancel, close, delete or otherwise discontinue your account.
Booking.com also reserves the right to log out or otherwise deactivate an inactive account without notice to you.
An inactive account is defined as an account with which no booking has been made for over 5 (five) years.
If your account is deactivated, you will no longer be eligible for the Genius Program benefits.
You can reactivate your account by making a qualifying booking through your Booking.com account.
Partner offer
Booking.com can display offers that do not come directly from travel providers, but are processed by a partner company of Booking.com, e.g. another platform (partner offer).
Partner offers are clearly displayed and differentiated from regular offers provided directly by travel providers and have the following specific terms and conditions, unless otherwise stated on our platform:
Price: as displayed on our platform.
Pay in advance: You pay securely with Booking.com at the time of booking.
No changes: Once your booking is completed, no changes can be made to your personal details or booking information.
Requests can be made directly to the property but cannot be guaranteed.
Cannot be combined with other offers: Other offers, discounts and rewards cannot be used for this booking.
No guest review: It is not possible to leave a guest review on our platform.
3. Data protection
Privacy and cookie policy for more information.
4. No fees for consumers, only travel providers pay!
Unless otherwise stated, our services are free of charge for consumers because, unlike many other providers, we will not charge you for our travel service and no additional (booking) fees will be charged.
You will pay the applicable amount to the Travel Provider as stated in the booking (and, if not already included in the price, any applicable taxes, duties and fees (if applicable)).
Travel providers pay a commission (a small percentage of the product price (e.g. room rate)) to Booking.com after the end user has completed the travel provider's service or product (e.g. after the guest has stayed at (and paid for) the accommodation.
Travel providers can increase their ranking by increasing their commission (increasing visibility).
The use of “Increase Visibility” (increasing commission for increased placement in search results) is at the discretion of each travel provider and may be used from time to time for different products offered.
The placement algorithm includes an increase in commission at the default placement setting.
Preferred partners pay a higher commission and in return receive a better position in the search results.
Only travel providers who have a (contractually regulated) business relationship with Booking.com are available via the platform (for their B2B and/or B2C advertising of their product).
Booking.com is not an open platform (like Amazon or eBay) where end users can make their products available (not a C2C platform; Booking.com does not allow unprofessional parties to offer or sell their products on or through Booking.com.
5. Credit card or bank transfer
Where applicable and where available, some Travel Suppliers offer Travel Bookings with payment (of all or part (in accordance with the Travel Supplier's payment policy)) to the Travel Supplier.
Payment is made during travel bookings using a secure online payment (as part of the service offered by your bank).
For certain products and services, Booking.com processes (through independent payment providers) the payment of the relevant product or service (i.e. payment processing service) for and on behalf of the travel provider (Booking.com never acts as a contractual partner).
The payment process takes place securely from your credit/debit card or bank account via a third-party payment processor to the travel provider's bank account.
Any payment processed and remitted to and on behalf of the travel provider will in all cases be the booking price or part of the booking price that you have paid for the relevant product or service in the final invoice of the (partially) due and payable price (bevrijdende betaling).
This amount paid cannot be claimed back from you.
Please note that certain (non-refundable) prices or offers require immediate payment by bank transfer (where possible) or credit card when booking travel and therefore a pre-authorization or charge may be made to your credit card (sometimes without the possibility of a refund). becomes.
Please check the details of the selected product/service carefully for any special provisions before making the travel booking and confirming it.
Booking.com is not responsible and shall not be liable for any Travel Provider charge (legitimate, (allegedly) unauthorized or incorrect) and you may not claim any valid or legitimate Travel Provider charge from your credit card (including for prepayments, no-shows and paid cancellations). ).
In the event of credit card fraud or misuse of your credit card by a third party, most banks and credit card companies bear the risk and cover all costs resulting from fraud or misuse, sometimes with a deductible (usually EUR 50 (or its equivalent). other currency)).
If your credit card company or bank requires you to pay an excess due to any misuse caused by booking on our website, we will reimburse you the excess up to EUR 50 (or the equivalent in another currency).
To receive compensation, please ensure you report this fraud to the credit card provider (in accordance with their policy) and contact us immediately.
Please provide us with proof of the excess charged (e.g. the credit card company's regulations).
This refund only applies to credit card bookings made via Booking.com's secure server, where the unauthorized use of your credit card is due to an error or omission on our part and is not due to any error on your part in using the secure server.
6. Advance payment, cancellation, no-show and fine print
By booking a trip with a travel provider, you accept the travel provider's policy regarding cancellations and no-shows, as well as any additional (delivery) terms and conditions of the travel provider that may come into force in relation to your trip (including the fine print provided by the travel provider on our platform as well the travel provider's terms and conditions), including services and/or products offered by the travel provider.
You can obtain the special provisions (on delivery/purchase/carrier) of a travel provider from the respective travel provider.
Each travel provider's general policy regarding cancellations and no-shows will be set out on the travel provider's information pages on our website, during the booking process and in your confirmation email or ticket (if applicable).
Please note that certain prices, fees or offers may not be subject to cancellation, refund or change.
In the event of a no-show or a cancellation subject to a fee, the travel provider may still charge tourism taxes.
Before booking, please carefully check the details of your chosen product or service for any specific terms and conditions.
Please note that a travel booking with a deposit or advance payment (of the whole or part) may be canceled (without prior reminder or reminder) if the relevant (outstanding) amount is not paid in full and on time in accordance with the applicable payment guidelines of the travel provider and booking can be collected.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary depending on the segment, product or service of each trip.
Please carefully check the fine print (under the trip types or at the bottom of the page of each travel provider on our platform) and the Important Information in your booking confirmation for additional terms and conditions of the travel provider (e.g. age restrictions, damage deposit, non-cancellability/additional fees for group bookings, extra beds/non-free breakfast, pets, accepted credit cards).
You bear the responsibility and risk for late payment, incorrect bank details, incorrect debit or credit card information, invalid credit or debit cards or insufficient account funds.
In these cases, you will not be entitled to a refund of the prepaid (non-refundable) amount, unless the travel provider allows this under its (advance) payment and cancellation policies.
If you would like to review, change or cancel your travel booking, please refer to your confirmation email and follow the instructions provided therein.
Please note that you may be charged a fee or not be entitled to a refund of the amount paid (in advance) in accordance with the travel provider's cancellation, (pre)payment and no-show policies.
We recommend that you carefully read the travel provider's policy regarding cancellations, (advance) payment and no-shows before booking.
Please remember to make payments on time, as these may be necessary for the reservation.
If you arrive late or late on the day of arrival or only the next day, please inform the travel provider (promptly/immediately) so that they know when to expect your arrival and to cancel your trip (booking) or charge a fee Avoid no-show fee.
Our customer service department can assist you in notifying the travel provider if necessary.
Booking.com assumes no liability or responsibility for the consequences of your late arrival or any cancellation or no-show fee charged by the travel provider.
7. (Further) communication and correspondence
By completing your travel booking, you agree to receive i) an email, which we may send you shortly before your arrival date, containing information about your destination and offers (including third party offers if you have chosen this option). , relevant to your travel booking and destination, and (ii) an email upon your arrival asking you to rate your experience with the travel provider and the travel service, and (iii) an email that we may send directly to you after your stay at the hotel asking you to fill out the guest review form.
For more information on how we may contact you, please see the Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Booking.com assumes no liability or responsibility for any communications from or with the Travel Provider on or through the Platform.
You cannot claim any rights from inquiries, communications with the travel provider or (any form of) acknowledgment of receipt of a communication or inquiry.
Booking.com cannot guarantee that requests or communications from the travel provider will be read/received/fulfilled/executed/accepted (in a timely manner).
In order to complete your travel booking completely and securely, you must provide your correct email address.
We are not responsible or liable for any incorrect or misspelled email addresses or incorrect (mobile) telephone numbers or credit card numbers and have no obligation to verify them.
Any claim or complaint against Booking.com or regarding the Travel Service must be submitted promptly, but in any event within 30 days of the scheduled day of use of the product or service (e.g. check-out date).
Any claim or complaint sent after this 30 day period may be rejected and the plaintiff/claimant will lose his or her right to any compensation (for damages or expenses).
Due to the continuous updating and adjustment of prices and availability, we strongly recommend that you take screenshots when booking to support your point of view (if necessary).
For consumers (in the European Economic Area): We recommend that you first notify us of any complaints by contacting our customer service team.
If this does not resolve your complaint, you can upload it via the European Commission's ODR platform.
You can find this platform for online dispute resolution here: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
8. Ranking, preferred program, stars and guest reviews
We want to show you the search results that are relevant to you by offering a personalized standard ranking of transport service providers on our platform.
You can scroll through these standard rankings, use filters, and sort by alternative orders, giving you the ability to influence the display of search results to obtain an order based on other criteria.
We use several algorithms to produce standard ranking results, although this process is constantly evolving.
Booking.com has identified the following parameters that correlate most closely with the search for a suitable travel provider and has therefore weighted such parameters accordingly in the algorithms (main parameters): your personal search history, the click-through rate from the search page to the hotel page (“CTR”), the number of bookings relative to the number of visits to the Travel Provider’s page on the Platform (“Conversion”), gross (including cancellations) and net bookings (excluding cancellations) of a Travel Provider.
Conversion and CTR can be influenced by various (standalone) factors, including ratings (both overall ratings and components), availability, policies, (competitive) pricing, quality of content and certain characteristics of the travel provider.
The commission percentage paid by the travel provider or other services to us (e.g. through commercial arrangements with the travel provider or strategic partners) may also affect the standard ranking as well as the travel provider's evidence of timely payment.
The Travel Provider may also influence its standard ranking through participation in certain programs, which may be updated from time to time.
The programs include, but are not limited to, the Genius Program, Offers, the Preferred Partner Program and the Increased Visibility Program (for the latter two, the travel provider pays us a higher commission).
The star rating of a property displayed on Booking.com is not determined by Booking.com.
Each accommodation determines its star rating itself or it is determined by an independent third-party provider of (objective) star ratings.
Offers are displayed based on the number of stars (sorted from low to high or high to low) that providers provide to Booking.com.
Depending on (regional) guidelines and options, star ratings are assigned either by an (independent) third party, for example an (official) hotel rating organization, or according to the accommodation owner's own assessment, independent of objective criteria.
Booking.com does not impose any official obligations regarding star ratings or verify them.
Overall, the star rating shows how an accommodation compares to the legal requirements (if applicable) or, where this is not required, to the sector or (usual) industry standard in terms of prices, facilities and available services (these requirements and standards could possibly be of country to country and organization to organization).
To help guests better find the right accommodation for their travel preferences, Booking.com may assign certain accommodations a quality rating determined by Booking.com, which is displayed with yellow tiles.
To ensure comparability, the quality assessment is based on over 400 characteristics, which can be divided into five main categories: (i) facilities/amenities/services offered by the accommodation on Booking.com, (ii) configuration of the accommodation such as size of the accommodation Unit, number of rooms and occupancy, (iii) number and quality of photos uploaded of the accommodation, (iv) average guest review score and certain individual ratings, for example for cleanliness, as these have proven to be particularly helpful for customers in assessing the quality of specific accommodations and (v) anonymized and aggregated past booking data (e.g. to assess the star rating of the booked accommodation).
We use these different characteristics to derive statistical patterns.
Based on this information, an analysis is carried out using machine learning, the results of which lead to an automatically calculated quality rating (between 1 and 5, indicated by 1-5 yellow tiles next to the name of the accommodation) and are assigned to the accommodation.
Only customers who have stayed at an Accommodation will be invited by Booking.com to comment on their stay at that Accommodation and to leave a review for certain aspects of their stay, or may be asked to provide a review during their stay.
The completed guest review (including the review submitted during your stay) can a) be uploaded to the travel provider's corresponding information page on our website.
This serves solely to inform (future) guests about the service and further quality of the travel provider.
In addition, the completed guest review b) may be used (in whole or in part) at Booking.com's discretion (for marketing, advertising or to improve the service) on our website or social media platforms, in the newsletter, for offers, Apps and other distribution channels owned, operated, used or controlled by Booking.com and/or its business partners.
In order to offer current (and therefore relevant) reviews, reviews can only be submitted within a limited period of time (3 months) after the stay, and each review is only valid for a limited time (up to 36 months) after being posted online available.
The default ranking of reviews is based on the date it was posted online and some other criteria (e.g. language, reviews with comments), with a review from a customer who [always] provides comprehensive and detailed reviews (“Travel Detective” ), could be displayed at the top.
You can choose different rating categories and filters (e.g. target group, date, language, rating result).
Booking.com allows travel providers to respond to reviews.
We reserve the right to arbitrarily adjust, reject or remove any reviews that violate our review guidelines.
Customers who leave a review are not compensated or rewarded in any other way by Booking.com.
The guest review form can be viewed as a type of survey and does not contain any further (commercial) offers, invitations or other advertising measures.
Booking.com is committed to using its best efforts to monitor and remove reviews that contain profanity, mention of an individual's name, or reference to stolen property.
Booking.com does not accept reviews that contain:
obscene, violent, hateful, offensive/pornographic, discriminatory or threatening content
Mentioning full names, personal attacks on employees
Promoting illegal activities (e.g. drug abuse, prostitution)
Pages, emails and addresses, phone numbers, credit card details
Politically sensitive comments
Booking.com and the Travel Provider are each entitled to terminate the partnership at any time, for any reason whatsoever (including in the event of breach of contract and bankruptcy (filing)), subject to the relevant notice period agreed by both parties.
9. Disclaimer
Subject to the provisions of these general terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we shall be liable exclusively for direct damages suffered by you as a result of a failure to fulfill our obligations in relation to our services, but only up to the amount of the total travel booking amount as stated on the confirmation form. Email is specified (both for an event and for a series of related events).
To the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any members of the board of directors, directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliates, sales partners, affiliate (distribution) partners, licensees, authorized representatives or other persons involved in the development, sponsorship, or the are involved in supporting the site or its contents or otherwise make the site and its contents available, for i) liability for damages, concrete or indirect damages as well as consequential damages, loss of performance, loss of profits, loss of income, loss of contract, loss of business reputation, loss of claim , ii) inaccuracies in the (descriptive) information (including prices, availability and reviews) about the travel provider as made available on our website, iii) the services offered or the products of the travel providers or other business partners, iv) damages ( indirect, direct, consequential loss or liability) and any loss or expense suffered by you arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our website, or v) (personal) injury, death, property damage or other damage (indirect, direct, special, consequential or punitive damages) and any losses or costs incurred by you; regardless of whether these are legal acts, errors, breaches of contract, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, inaccurate representations, unlawful acts or liability arising (in whole or in part) from the travel provider or any other of our business partners (its employees, its management). agents, its agents, subcontractors or its affiliates) whose products and services are (directly or indirectly) made available, advertised or offered on or through our website, including (partial) cancellations, overbooking, strikes, force majeure or other events beyond our control.
Booking.com is not responsible (and disclaims all liability) for the use, validity, quality, suitability, and disclosure of the trip and makes no representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, including any implied warranties of merchantability, title or non-infringement or usability for a specific purpose.
You acknowledge and agree that the applicable Travel Provider is solely responsible and liable for the Trip (including any warranties and representations made by the Travel Provider).
Booking.com is not a (re)seller of the trip.
Complaints or claims regarding the trip (including in relation to the price quoted (special offer), policy or special requests from customers) must be dealt with by the tour provider.
Booking.com is not responsible (and disclaims all liability) for any complaints, claims or (product) liabilities.
You acknowledge and agree that, in all cases, the Travel Provider is responsible for collecting, withholding, remitting and paying taxes applicable to the total price (of the trip) to the relevant tax authority, regardless of whether you pay (or have paid) for the trip directly or whether we handle the payment of the price or fee (of the trip).
Booking.com is not liable or responsible for the collection, withholding, remittance and payment of taxes applicable to the price or fee (trip) to the relevant tax authority.
Booking.com does not act as a contractual partner for any products or services offered on the Platform.
By uploading photos/images to our site (e.g. as an addition to reviews), you confirm, warrant and agree that you own the copyright to such photos/images.
You further agree that Booking.com may use the uploaded photos/images on its (mobile) website and app as well as for (online/offline) promotional material and publications at Booking.com's discretion.
You grant Booking.com a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, unconditional, perpetual right and license to use, reproduce, display, distribute, sublicense, communicate and make available the Photos/Images at Booking.com's discretion close.
By uploading these photos/images, the person uploading the images accepts full legal and moral responsibility for any legal claims by third parties (including but not limited to property owners) resulting from the use or publication of these photos/images by Booking.com at.
Booking.com does not own or endorse any of the photos/images uploaded.
The accuracy, validity and right to use all such photos/images rests with the person who uploaded the photo and is not the responsibility of Booking.com.
Booking.com disclaims any responsibility or liability for the photos uploaded.
The person who uploaded the photo warrants that the photos/images do not contain viruses, Trojan horses, infected files, pornographic, illegal, obscene, offensive, objectionable or inappropriate materials and do not contain any rights (intellectual property rights, copyrights, privacy rights ) injure third parties.
Photos/images that do not meet the aforementioned criteria will not be published and/or may be removed/deleted by Booking.com at any time without prior notice.
10. Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise stated, the software used for and available on our Services or our Platform and the intellectual property (including copyright) in the content and applications on our Platform are the property of Booking.com B.V., its travel providers or providers.
Booking.com has exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest (all intellectual property) (the look and feel (including infrastructure)) of the platform through which the Service is available (including guest reviews and translated content).
You may not copy, scrape, link (through hyperlinks or deeplinks), publish, advertise, market any Content or the Booking.com brand (including any translations and guest reviews) without our express written permission. to integrate, obtain, use, connect or otherwise exploit.
If you use or associate (in whole or in part) our (translated) content (including guest reviews) or have any intellectual property rights in the Platform or any (translated) content (including guest reviews), you assign and transfer them to Booking. com.
Any unlawful use and any of the foregoing acts or conduct constitutes a material violation of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database copyright).
11. Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution
These Terms and Conditions and the provision of our Services are governed by and construed in accordance with Dutch law.
Regardless of the previous choice of jurisdiction, a natural person who uses our services for a purpose that cannot be attributed to their professional or commercial activity (hereinafter also "consumer") may rely on the mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which in which she has her habitual residence (i.e. provisions that must apply in accordance with the choice of law of the said country, regardless of this choice of law clause; hereinafter “mandatory provisions”).
Any disputes arising from these Terms and Conditions and our Services will be brought exclusively before the competent courts in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Notwithstanding the foregoing jurisdiction agreement, any action brought by a consumer with respect to the enforcement of the relevant applicable mandatory provisions may also be brought in the courts of the State in which the consumer is domiciled, and actions against a consumer may only be brought in the courts of the country in which the consumer is domiciled consumer has his place of residence.
For consumers (in the European Economic Area): We recommend that you first notify us of any complaints by contacting our customer service team.
If this does not resolve your complaint, you can upload it via the European Commission's ODR platform.
You can find this platform for online dispute resolution here: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
The German translation is based on the English original.
The translated version of the English Terms is a courtesy translation and is for informational and internal purposes only.
In the event of any dispute, inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and the version in any other language, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the English version shall prevail and be binding.
The English version can be found on our platform (if you select English as the language) or will be sent to you in writing upon request.
If one of the provisions of this contract is or becomes invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, all other provisions applicable to the contractual partners remain unaffected.
In this case, the contractual partners replace the invalid or non-binding provision within the framework of the statutory provisions with an effective and binding provision which, given the content and purpose of this contract, has, as far as possible, a similar effect to the invalid, unenforceable or non-binding provision has.
12. About Booking.com and its support companies
The travel service is provided by Booking.com B.V. provided, a private corporation with limited liability, Dutch place of jurisdiction and registered office at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, Netherlands; registered with the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce under registration number 31047344. The VAT number is NL805734958B01.
Headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, Booking.com is supported by numerous partner support companies worldwide.
The support companies serve exclusively to provide internal support for Booking.com.
Certain support companies offer limited customer service (telephone only).
The Support Companies do not own the Platform (and do not operate, control or maintain the Platform in any way).
The Support Companies have no authority to provide the Service, represent Booking.com or enter into a contract on behalf of, for or on behalf of Booking.com.
The support companies do not operate as Booking.com's process and travel service agents nor are they authorized to do so.
Apart from the registered office in Amsterdam, Booking.com does not accept any location or office in the world (this includes the offices of the support companies).
