These Terms of Use were posted on January 20, 2016 and are effective for all new users of the Under Armor Services as of the dates set forth below.
Other important information regarding the regulations:
For users in the EEA, additional terms and conditions apply, as set out under “Country Specific Notices”.
Users in the EEA should use one or more of the following sources to request account deletion, data deletion, data access, and similar data requests.
Read more
Users from Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore and Thailand please click here for language options and country-specific websites.
Read more
For users in Turkey, our sales partner operates a separate website http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
Read more
For users in Japan, our Japanese sales partner operates a separate website http://www.underarmour.co.jp.
Read more
Terms of Use
Previous Versions Download Under Armor Terms 2016 PDF
Effective date: May 20, 2018
Welcome to Under Armour.
We're excited to create innovative products and services to help people around the world, and we're thrilled to have you on our team.
These Terms of Use are the rules of the game - designed to create a positive, law-abiding community for our users.
By using Under Armor's products and services, you agree to all of the following terms and conditions.
Under Armor, Inc. and Under Armor Europe B.V. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including UA Connected Fitness, LLC (collectively, "Under Armour", "we" or "us"), provide various products and services, including Under Armor-branded fitness and wellness websites and apps ( "MapMyFitness", etc.); wearables, devices and other hardware and content; our e-commerce websites and apps ("Under Armor Shopping") and all other current and future digital product and service offerings that we make available, including all product services and content provided in collaboration with our partners (collectively, the “Services”).
THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 15. THIS PROVISION AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS TO RESOLUTE DISPUTES WITH UNDER ARMOR AND YOU SHOULD REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
YOUR DECISION TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT, ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICES (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU SET UP AN ACCOUNT WITH US) INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS A PART OF THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that by accessing or using our Services, your Personal Information (as that term is defined in the Privacy Policy) and User Generated Content (as defined below) that you submit to any portion of the Services, including within Under Armour and its services can be passed on.
Please note the summaries in gray boxes at the top of most sections to make terms easier to understand.
In the event of a conflict between a summary and any section of the Terms, the Terms will control.
You can always contact us via our support team if you have any questions or suggestions.
1. Use of the Services and your Account
1.1 Who can use the Under Armor services?
Under Armor welcomes users of all ages, but you must be at least 13 years old to use most of the Services and at least 18 years old to use Under Armor Shopping.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use Under Armor Shopping (unless otherwise stated in the International Terms section applicable to certain jurisdictions).
If you are between 13 and 18 years old, you may use our other Services (except Under Armor Shopping) only under the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian.
No person under these minimum age limits may use the Services, provide any personal information to Under Armor, or otherwise enter any personal information through the Services (e.g., name, address, telephone number, or email address).
1.2 Your Account
You may be required to set up an Under Armor account to access the Services, and it is important that the information associated with your account is accurate and current (particularly your email address - should you forget your password). a working email address is often the only way for us to verify your identity and help you re-register).
You may be required to register for an Under Armor account to access or use certain Services.
Your account may automatically give you access to and the ability to use new services.
If you set up an account for one of our Services, all of the information required from you during account setup and during the registration process must be accurate, complete and always current.
Otherwise, our Services may not function properly and we may not be able to send you important communications.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all activities that occur while using your account, and you must immediately report to our support team any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your account or your account password.
We are not responsible for any damages resulting from any unauthorized use of your username or password.
If you reside in the European Union: You have the right to delete your account with us by contacting the Support Team.
If you choose to permanently delete your account, the non-public personal information associated with your account will also be deleted.
1.3 Service Updates, Changes and Limitations
Our services are constantly evolving.
As we continue to introduce new products, services and features, we need to be flexible and able to make changes, impose limits and, from time to time, suspend or terminate certain services.
We may also update our Services, which may result in them not functioning properly if you do not install the updates.
The Services change frequently and their form and functionality may change without notice.
We may provide updates (including automatic updates) to certain Services at our sole discretion.
This includes upgrades, modifications, bug fixes, patches and other bug fixes and/or new features (collectively, “Updates”).
Certain parts of our Services may not function properly if you do not install all updates.
You acknowledge and agree that if you do not allow such updates and do not expressly consent to automatic updates, the Service may not function properly.
You further agree that the Terms (and any further changes to the Terms) will apply to any updates to the Services.
We may change, suspend or discontinue any or all of the Services, including without limitation the availability of any products, features, databases or content, at any time.
We also have no obligation to provide any updates or to continue to provide or enable any specific features or functionality of any Service.
We may also impose limits on certain Services or prohibit you from accessing all or part of the Services without notice or liability.
1.4 Monitoring and Suspension of Services
We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Service and may monitor, terminate or suspend your account or access to the Services at any time.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to monitor and use accounts and/or activities conducted through or in any way connected to the Services (including inviting a fellow user to a community or group). or monitor access to personal information and profiles of other users.
We may also deactivate, suspend, or suspend your account or access to certain Services at any time under the following circumstances: (1) If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated these Terms or the spirit and purpose thereof (as set forth in the Community (2) if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have created a risk or potential legal consequence to Under Armour, the public, a third party or another user of our Service, (3) as Responding to requests from law enforcement or other government agencies, (4) after discontinuation or material modification of a service, or (5) due to unexpected technical difficulties or problems.
We will endeavor to notify you by email or the next time you attempt to access your account following any such deactivation, termination or suspension.
1.5 Security
Please let us know immediately if you believe your account has been hacked or is at risk.
The safety of our users is important to us.
While we make every effort to ensure the security of your personal information, User Generated Content and your account, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures.
If you have any actual or suspected breach or unauthorized use of your account, please contact our support team.
Account.
2. Ownership of Content and Use of Content
2.1 The Definition
Content is what appears on your screen when you use our Services.
User-Generated Content means content created by you or other users, and UA Content means any other content.
For the purposes of these Terms (i), the term “Content” means any information, data and creative expression and includes, without limitation, video, audio, photos, images, illustrations, animations, tools, text, ideas, messages, replies, likes , comments, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, maps, routes, geospatial data, workouts and workout data, biometric data and derived data elements, training plans, sleep activity, notes, nutritional information, recipes, interactive features, designs, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, brand concepts, logos and similar assets, patents, sounds, apps and the intellectual property therein, all of which may be generated, provided or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services; (ii) the term “user-generated content” means any content that a user submits, transmits or otherwise makes available to or through use of the Services; and (iii) “UA Content” includes all content that is not user-generated content.
2.2 Property Rights
You own the content you create and we own the content we create.
All UA Content and all copyright, trademark, design, patent and other intellectual property rights (whether registered or not) in the Services and the UA Content belong to Under Armor and/or its partners or respective third parties.
Each User retains ownership, responsibility and/or other applicable rights to the User-Generated Content created by the User, but grants a license to such User-Generated Content to Under Armor as explained in Section 2.5 below.
Under Armor and/or its partners or third parties retain ownership, responsibility for, and/or other applicable rights to all UA Content.
Except as expressly provided in the Terms, nothing grants you any right or license to use the UA Content, including Content owned or controlled by our partners or other third parties.
You agree not to reproduce, publish, display, distribute, modify or create derivative works from the material offered through the Services unless expressly authorized in writing by Under Armour.
2.3 Our License to You
Please feel free to access and use our UA content and services.
We are committed to offering our users a special experience.
Therefore, we ask that you respect our intellectual property rights and use our UA Content and Services only as intended.
This also includes that UA Content or Services may not be used for commercial purposes without our consent.
We have some APIs and other tools that you can use to build your own apps and products.
Contact us to find out more.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant you a limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Services and the UA Content for your own personal, non-commercial purposes, at provided that you do not copy, modify, create derivative works from, disassemble, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, transfer or otherwise commercially exploit the UA Content or Services.
2.4 Acceptable Use Policies
2.4.1 UA Content.
Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or authorized by Under Armour, you agree not to use the Services, the Services' software or the UA Content offered as part of the Services (other than User-Generated Content) in their entirety partially modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works.
You may not download and copy or store any UA Content, except (i) to the extent the functionality of certain Services (e.g., printed maps) expressly permits it, as set forth in the specific guidelines and/or additional terms and conditions applicable to such Services , or (ii) solely for your personal use or records.
2.4.2 Commercial Use of the Services.
The Services are for your personal use only, except for certain products and services provided through the Under Armor branded websites and certain widgets that we make available as tools for website owners (collectively, “Commercial Tools”) , intended for non-commercial use.
You may not use the Services (except for certain commercial tools) to sell a product or service, drive traffic to your own website or a third party's website for commercial purposes, such as for advertising purposes, or otherwise attempt to to generate income through this.
For example, you may not use, reformat and display the results of a search on the Services or reflect our home pages or results pages on your website.
Additionally, you may not conduct “meta searches” using our Services.
If you wish to make commercial use of the Services in any way other than through the Commercial Tools, you must first agree with us.
You can find more information about the commercial tools in our developer portal.
By using the Commercial Tools, you acknowledge and accept the Terms and any additional terms and conditions applicable to those selected Services.
2.4.3 Link to the Services.
If you would like to include a link to our Services on your website or app, please follow the following rules: (i) a link to the Services may only be included in plain text, clearly marked with the words "Under Armour." (without use of any other trademarks, logos, copyright notices or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Under Armour) or other format as determined by Under Armour, (ii) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link must not damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our trademarks, (iii) the link must "point" to the root domain name of the Services and not to other pages within the Services, (iv) the appearance, location and other characteristics of the link must not create the false impression that your organization or company is sponsored by or affiliated with Under Armour, (v) if selected, the link must display the Service on a full screen rather than in a " Frame” on the associated website or service and (vi) Under Armor reserves the right to withdraw consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion, and you agree to discontinue the relevant link upon receipt of notice of such withdrawal to be removed immediately after consent.
2.5 Your license to us
If you post content in connection with the Services, it is yours, but you nevertheless grant us permission to use the content in connection with our Services and to make the content available to others.
We may edit or remove your content from our Services at any time for any reason.
Do not post content that does not belong to you or that you do not have permission to post.
If you provide User-Generated Content to Under Armor through the Services, you grant Under Armor and our users a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, freely transferable, sublicensable, worldwide right and license to use the User-Generated Content in connection with all Services host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (in particular to adapt them to the requirements of any adapt the networks, devices, services or media through which the Services are made available), commercialize, create derivative works from or otherwise exploit them.
You acknowledge and agree that: (a) we have the right to organize the publication of User-Generated Content as we see fit; (b) Under Armor is not required to use your name for use of the User Generated Content, but if Under Armor chooses to provide attribution, the size and placement of the attribution will be determined at our sole discretion; and © You are not entitled to any compensation or other payment from us in connection with the use of your User Generated Content.
The rights you grant in this license are for the sole purpose of allowing Armor to operate the Services in accordance with their functionality, to allow other users to use the Services, to improve the Services, and to develop new Services.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not use your User Generated Content in a manner that is inconsistent with the privacy settings you establish within our Services.
For information about managing your privacy settings on the Services, please see the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to monitor, remove or modify any User-Generated Content for any reason and at any time, including without limitation any User-Generated Content that we believe violates these Terms, the Community Guidelines and/or our policies.
You agree to respect the intellectual property rights of others.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant Under Armor the foregoing license for any User-Generated Content submitted by you in connection with the Services, and you will indemnify us for any breach of this representation and warranty.
2.6 Notify friends
If you share someone else's personal information with us, you must first obtain their permission.
We hope you enjoy our services and look forward to sharing your enthusiasm with your friends.
If you use the features in our Services to tell a friend about our Services, we will ask you for your friend's email address or social media profile.
We may then use this information to contact your friend about the Services.
We may retain the information you provide to us for a time, but we will not make that information public.
You represent and warrant that you have the right to disclose any third party contact information that you provide to us as a referral and that you will indemnify us for any breach of this representation and warranty.
2.7 Retention of Content
Please remember that once you post something on the Internet, it is virtually impossible to remove all copies of it in the future.
Following termination of your account or if you remove User Generated Content from the Services, we may retain your User Generated Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival or audit purposes, or as otherwise provided or permitted by law.
Further, Under Armor and our users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, publish, modify, create derivative works from, perform and distribute your User Generated Content otherwise stored or published via the Services.
Accordingly, please note that the above license to your User Generated Content will survive even if you no longer use the Services.
When you post something publicly, others can comment on it, making your content part of a social conversation.
For more information, please see our privacy policy.
2.8 User-Generated Content and Eligibility for Specific Sports Organizations
What happens online can have consequences in the real world.
Certain sports organizations have amateur athlete rules and eligibility requirements that you may be violating if you post user-generated content to the Services, even if you believe it to be non-commercial in nature.
It is your responsibility to determine whether posting such content on the Services will impact your eligibility to participate in a sporting event in accordance with any applicable rules of a sporting organization.
2.9 Your Feedback
We value your feedback and are free to use your suggestions to support Under Armor and users worldwide.
Thank you!
Please continue to share your ideas with us!
Use our Idea Submission Site to send us comments, ideas or feedback; in doing so, you agree that we may freely use the ideas you submit without restriction or compensation.
Acceptance of your ideas does not constitute a waiver of Under Armor's rights to use similar or related feedback that was already known to Under Armor, developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
You represent and warrant that the information or feedback you provide to us through the Services is not confidential or proprietary information.
3. Community Guidelines
3.1 Interactive areas
Our services often include community features.
If you post content through these features, that content may be published.
We may, but do not always, monitor our community features, and you are ultimately responsible for your interactions with other users.
So use common sense and fair play.
Some of our Services may contain reviews, discussion forums, talk pages, blogs or other interactive areas or social features that allow you and other users to post user-generated content and interact with each other (“Interactive Areas”).
You are solely responsible for your use of the Interactive Areas and for any User-Generated Content that you post, including, without limitation, the delivery, accuracy and completeness of the User-Generated Content.
Because the Interactive Areas are often public, you understand that your User Generated Content may be published and remain public.
You should therefore never post personal information in an Interactive Area.
We may, but have no obligation, to monitor our Community Features.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users, whether online or in person, including, without limitation, comments, contests and friendly competitions.
We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from any interactions with other users who use the Services, people you meet through our Services, or people you find because of the content you find on, through or through of the services.
Under Armor is under no obligation to become involved in any disputes between its users and disclaims all liability in connection with any disputes between its users, and you release Under Armor from all responsibility and liability arising out of or in connection with such disputes.
3.2 Community Guidelines
Our services are designed to provide you with a safe environment to help you achieve your fitness and wellness goals.
You may not use our Services to post inappropriate material, harass people, send spam, infringe intellectual property rights, or engage in any other inappropriate activity.
Be sensible and act responsibly.
Our services are designed to create a safe and supportive community for all users.
To ensure a safe and positive environment, we require everyone to agree to and follow certain rules (the “Community Guidelines”) when posting User-Generated Content and using the Services.
In many cases, our Community Guidelines are based on the principles of applicable law.
Violating our Community Guidelines may subject you to a criminal offense and civil liability.
By using the Services, you agree that your User Generated Content, and in particular your use of the Interactive Areas, will not violate the Community Guidelines.
If you violate the Community Guidelines, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services.
No inappropriate content.
Do not post content that is intended to stalk, threaten, harm, harass, insult, or embarrass other members of the community.
Derogatory comments about sex, gender, age, weight, body type, disability, ethnic origin, religion or sexual orientation and advocacy of violence against a person or group, even if humorous, are not permitted.
This also includes expressing clichéd ideas about a group or community.
Do not post any content that is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, hateful, inflammatory or sexually explicit.
You can respectfully disagree with a message, post or topic, but please do not attack other users by making fun of them or insulting them.
If you are attacked by another user and respond in the same way, you may suffer the same consequences.
Kein Hijacking, Trolling oder Flame-Baiting.
If you participate in our forums, please stay on topic in an existing thread and post new threads in the appropriate forum.
Redirecting a thread off-topic is considered hijacking.
This also includes posts that are intended to provoke or incite riots.
-No promotion of unsafe weight loss techniques or eating disorders.
Use of the Services to promote, glorify or achieve dangerously low nutritional intake is not permitted.
Accordingly, please do not contribute the following types of content, which may be removed without notice:
- Content intended to promote potentially unsafe or controversial weight loss products or procedures, particularly non-prescription dietary supplements or MLMs.
- Profiles, groups, messages, posts or wall comments that advocate anorexia, bulimia or very low calorie diets.
This also includes positive statements about anemia, detoxification or self-starvation.
- Photos that glorify extreme thinness.
No harm to minors.
Do not use the Services in a manner that harms minors (or anyone else).
No interruptions, exploits or abuse.
You may not interfere with or harm the operation of the Services, including without limitation through unauthorized use, interruption, automated attacks, exploitation or misuse of our resources.
No sending of spam or junk mail.
Do not send unsolicited commercial mail via posts, replies or messages.
No illegal content.
Do not advocate, promote or assist any fraudulent or unlawful acts (e.g. violence, identity fraud or computer misuse).
No collection of personal data.
Do not post or solicit any personal information relating to or from third parties, including, but not limited to, photographs, telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, email addresses and passwords in the Interactive Areas.
No public posting of private conversations.
Do not publicly post an email or private message from another user, moderator, or administrator.
No breach of any legal obligation.
Do not post content that violates any contractual or other legal obligation owed to third parties.
No misleading or fraudulent links.
Do not post misleading or fraudulent links.
This includes misleadingly labeling links, citing a false “source” in a post, setting up misleading click-through links in images, or embedding links in intervening ads or pop-up ads.
No Infringement of Intellectual Property Rights.
Respect the intellectual property of others.
If you are not permitted to use someone else's protected work or similar (such as by license or within legal exceptions and limitations such as fair use), please do not post it.
In particular, if you have reason to believe that any User Generated Content you view on our Services infringes your or others' intellectual property rights, please see the Intellectual Property/DMCA section of our Terms.
Do not impersonate Under Armor or any other person.
Do not post any content that is likely to deceive any person, impersonates any person, or misrepresents your identity or relationship with any person, including Under Armor.
Creating an account to deceive other users or to circumvent a temporary ban is not permitted and will result in permanent exclusion from the Services.
No automated calls.
Do not send automated polls of any kind to the systems and networks we use to provide the Services without our express written permission.
Miscellaneous.
Do not post content that contains anything that, in Under Armour's sole opinion, is objectionable or restricts any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or that may in any way endanger Under Armor or our users.
Do not post content that may damage or undermine the goodwill associated with Under Armor or our brands.
If we determine that you have violated the Community Guidelines or otherwise violated the Terms, we may take action to correct the problem, including, without limitation, terminating your authority to use the Services, removing your User Generated Content, taking legal action against you initiate (in which case you agree that we may be compensated for reasonable costs and attorneys' fees) or disclose information to law enforcement authorities.
We reserve the right to enforce or not enforce these Community Guidelines in our sole discretion, without incurring any duty or contractual obligation to do so.
3.3 Reporting Offensive User-Generated Content
There are people who post inappropriate content on user-generated content sites.
We do our best to keep the community safe and secure (if users respect the community guidelines, that helps), but you may still come across bad content before we've had a chance to remove it.
If you spot anything offensive, please let us know.
We require all of our users to adhere to the Community Guidelines and we reserve the right to monitor violations, but ultimately we cannot guarantee that they will comply with the Community Guidelines or these Terms at all times .
If you believe that content submitted to our Services violates the Community Guidelines, or if you know or suspect that someone is misusing your User Generated Content, please report it to the Support Team.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to review and remove or take action on any User-Generated Content you report.
You understand and acknowledge that when you access or otherwise use the Services, you may be exposed to User-Generated Content from a variety of sources, and that we are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, security, legality, appropriateness or rights thereof are the intellectual property of this user-generated content.
We are not responsible or liable for any injury or damage caused to you as a result of objectionable User-Generated Content or another user's failure to comply with our Community Guidelines.
4. Intellectual Property/DMCA
We respect intellectual property rights.
If there is a problem, please email us with full details at ConnectedFitnessIP@ua.com
If you believe that any User Generated Content or UA Content violates any copyright or trademark law under U.S. or other national law, please immediately report it to us using the contact information provided herein.
It is our policy to investigate any allegations of injury brought to our attention.
In your notice of suspected infringement, please provide us with the following information:
Identification of the material being infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location, with sufficient detail to enable us to locate it and verify its existence.
Contact information of the reporting party (the “Reporting Party”), including name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that the notifying party has a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement made under oath that the information contained in the report is accurate and that the reporting party is authorized to make the report on behalf of the owner.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the material that has allegedly been infringed.
Your report must be signed (physically or electronically) and addressed as follows:
Copyright Agent
c/o Under Armour, Inc.
1020 Hull Street
Baltimore, MD 21230
ConnectedFitnessIP@ua.com
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your notification may not be effective.
Some of the information contained in a notice of infringement may be forwarded to the user who posted the allegedly infringing content.
In the United States, a person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or act infringes a copyright may be subject to liability under Section 512(f) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
For more information about submitting and responding to a DMCA notice, visit www.copyright.gov; For more information about copyright, visit www.uspto.gov/trademark.
5. External links and services
Our Services may contain links to, interact with, or be made available on external services or products, such as social media and external devices.
If you access such external services or products, please note that different terms and privacy policies apply to your use of such services.
5.1 Social networks and login details
You may activate or register for the Services through various external online services, such as social media and social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Services”).
To use these features and capabilities, you may be required to authenticate, register or log in to social networking services on their websites.
With this integration, the Social Networking Services will give us access to certain information that you have provided to them, and we will use, store and disclose that information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Please remember that the use, storage and disclosure of your information by third parties (including social networking services) is governed solely by the policies of those external services, and we have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any websites or external services that may be activated in the Services.
Additionally, we assume no responsibility for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services.
Accordingly, we will not be liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on such social networking services.
5.2 Third Party Apps
You may be able to access certain external links, apps, content, services, promotions, special offers or other events or activities (“Third-Party Apps”) through our Services.
If you choose to access these third-party apps, you may be asked to sign in to or sync your accounts with these apps.
You are under no obligation to use any Third-Party Apps and your access to and use of such Apps is entirely at your own risk and we shall have no liability therefor.
Additionally, we assume no responsibility for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available by Third Party Apps.
Accordingly, we will not be liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on such Third Party Apps.
5.3 Third Party Products
You may access our Services through third-party devices or other products (“Third-Party Products”) and, in order to use certain features of the Services, you may be required to purchase third-party products (e.g., fitness trackers).
Although we may recommend, promote or market certain partners' products, we are not responsible for the purchase or use of third-party products and we do not guarantee that the third-party products will work with the Services or be error-free.
We hereby disclaim all liability for any third-party products, including third-party products offered by our partners.
5.4 External services, activities and events
Our Services may enable you to discover, access or participate in certain third-party services, activities or events (“External Activities”).
For example, but not limited to, you may use the Under Armor We Will website to obtain information about and register for outside volunteer opportunities.
External Activities are provided by third parties and not Under Armour.
Your attendance and participation in external activities is at your own risk.
Under Armor assumes no liability for any acts, errors or omissions of third parties, including without limitation those arising from or in any way connected with a user's presence, participation in or use of any External Activities when the External Activities are first accessed through the Services were discovered or booked or the user registered for the external activities via the Services; nor does Under Armor assume any liability for the performance or non-performance of any third party in connection with the Services.
Under Armor does not represent any provider of external activities.
6. Mobile Services
While we strive to make our apps available on many platforms, we cannot guarantee that our apps will be compatible with your device (please still let customer service know if you have any questions or problems; we want to help you).
When you use our apps, your usual data and messaging rates apply, as well as the rules of the app store from which you download the apps.
6.1 Mobile Carrier and Device Requirements
To use or access our apps, you need a compatible device.
We cannot guarantee that the Apps will be compatible with your device or that you will be able to access the Apps from your device.
We do not charge any fees for using some basic apps; however, you may incur fees when you use certain premium apps or features.
In addition, your wireless carrier's standard messaging, data, and other fees will continue to apply.
6.2 Express consent via text and mobile messages
By downloading or using our Apps, you expressly consent to our processing of transactions you initiate on the Services via the Services via SMS, MMS, text messages or other electronic means addressed to your device to communicate with you or respond to your requests to us, and that certain information about your use of the Apps may be automatically transmitted to us from your device.
We will not send you direct messages of a marketing nature without your prior express written consent, and you can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
6.3 Mobile App License
We hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use our Apps, downloaded directly from a legitimate marketplace, solely in object code format and solely for your personal use for lawful purposes.
With respect to any open source code or third party code that may be included in the Apps, the open source code may be subject to the applicable End User License Agreement (EULA) of the third party license authorizing use of the code.
6.4 App-Stores
If you download our Apps from a third party app store (the “App Provider”), you acknowledge and agree to the following:
The Terms constitute a contract between us and not with the app provider.
Under Armor is solely responsible for its apps to the app provider.
The App Provider has no obligation to provide any maintenance and support services for the Under Armor Apps.
If the Under Armor Apps fail to conform to any warranty obligation, (i) you may notify the App Provider and the App Provider may refund the purchase price for the Apps (if applicable), (ii) the App Provider shall To the fullest extent permitted by law, Under Armor will have no other warranty obligation with respect to the Apps and (iii) Under Armor will be responsible to the App Provider for any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses arising from any breach of any warranty obligation.
The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you may have in relation to the Apps or your possession and use of the Apps.
If a third party claims that an App infringes another party's intellectual property rights, Under Armor will be responsible to the App Provider for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such claims to the extent required by these Terms ;
The App Provider and its affiliates will be deemed third party beneficiaries of your license to the Apps with respect to these Terms.
If you accept these Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms relating to your license to the Apps against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
And
You must also comply with any applicable third party terms of service when using the Apps.
7. Services against payment
If you subscribe to our better services for a fee, the following payment and billing terms apply.
Paid Services and their billing may automatically renew unless you cancel.
You can cancel at any time.
7.1 Terms of Payment
We offer certain premium versions of the Services for a fee (the “Premium Services”).
By signing up for and using the Premium Services, you agree to our Terms and any additional terms and conditions provided herein.
Once you subscribe to the Premium Services to the extent permitted by law, you also waive your 14-day right of cancellation so that you can access the Services immediately.
The Premium Services give you access to certain enhanced products, services, features and functionality (e.g. premium charts and analytics, an ad-free browsing experience).
If you sign up for and use the Premium Services, including enrolling in free trials of the Premium Services, you agree to pay any fees or other charges applicable to the Premium Services (such as subscription fees). .
When you sign up for the Premium Services, you will be required to indicate your preferred payment method and provide related information (“Payment Method”).
This information must be complete and accurate and you are responsible for keeping it up to date.
You expressly authorize us to collect by direct debit or ACH from your payment method the applicable fees charged for the Premium Services and any other purchases you make through the Services.
You can choose to pay monthly or annually for the premium services.
Unless otherwise stated, all fees applicable to the Premium Services must be paid in advance.
These are automatically debited at the beginning of the monthly or annual period of the premium services using the selected payment method.
Unless otherwise stated, the Premium Services will automatically renew until you terminate your access to the Premium Services.
All purchases of Premium Services are final and non-refundable, except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules applicable to the applicable Premium Service.
7.2 Suspension or termination of premium services
If you fail to pay the fees or charges associated with using the Premium Services, we may use reasonable efforts to notify you and resolve the problem; however, we reserve the right to disable or suspend your access to the Premium Services (and may do so without notice).
You can cancel the Premium Services at any time.
Further information on cancellation can be found here.
Once you have canceled your Premium Service and received confirmation, no changes can be made to your account.
Cancellation of a Premium Service will be effective at the end of the current billing cycle and you will continue to have the same access to the Premium Service for the remainder of the billing cycle.
For example, if you have chosen monthly billing and cancel during the course of a month, you will be charged in full for that month and will have access to the Premium Service until the end of that month.
You will not receive a refund in the event of discontinuation or termination of your Premium Service.
If you no longer wish to subscribe to a Premium Service, it is your responsibility to timely cancel your Premium Service, regardless of whether you are actively using the Premium Service or not.
7.3 Fee Changes
We may change our prices for Premium Services at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
You will receive reasonable advance notice of such price changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Premium Service and/or by sending you an email notification.
If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you may cancel the applicable Premium Service before the change takes effect.
7.4 Discount, voucher or gift codes
If you have received a discount, voucher or gift code for a premium service, the following terms and conditions apply in addition to the terms and conditions of the relevant code.
To redeem a discount or voucher code, log in to the relevant service and enter the code to benefit from the relevant promotions.
Discount, gift and voucher codes can only be redeemed when subscribing to Premium Services and are only valid for accounts that have not already been subscribed to Premium Services.
Discount, gift and voucher codes cannot be combined with other discounts, offers, promotions or vouchers and cannot be exchanged, refunded, replaced or redeemed for cash or deposit into accounts.
In order to redeem a discount or voucher code, a payment method is required.
It is your responsibility to use a discount, voucher or gift code before it expires and expired codes cannot be refunded or extended.
It is also your responsibility to cancel the Premium Service before the end of any free or discounted price period if you do not wish to continue the Premium Service at the usual price.
The terms and conditions of a specific discount, voucher or gift code may contain additional usage restrictions, such as, but not limited to, the type of plan, the duration of the free or preferential price premium service, validity dates of the voucher and/or purchase quantities.
Under Armor reserves the right to discontinue discount and voucher promotions at any time.
7.5 Free Trials
We may occasionally offer free trials of our Premium Services or other promotional offers (each, a “Free Trial”).
A free trial gives you access to the Premium Services for a period of time; the applicable terms and conditions will be communicated to you when you register for the offer.
To sign up for a free trial, you may need to tell us your preferred payment method.
Once you provide your payment information, your free trial will begin.
You will not be charged until the free trial ends.
Unless you cancel before the free trial ends, or unless otherwise specified, your access to the Premium Service will automatically renew and you will be charged the applicable Premium Service fees via the payment method you provided.
All fees incurred are final and non-refundable, except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules applicable to the applicable Premium Service.
We may send you a reminder just before your free trial ends, but we do not guarantee such notifications.
It is ultimately your responsibility to know when the free trial ends if you do not wish to become a paying user of Premium Services after the free trial period.
If you do not wish to become a paying user of Premium Services, you must cancel your subscription before the end of the free trial period.
Once you cancel or at the end of the free trial, depending on the type of Premium Service, you may lose access.
If you have canceled your free trial and received confirmation, you will not be able to continue the free trial period, even if you have not used the entire offer period.
The features and content of Premium Services may change at any time and we cannot guarantee that a specific feature or content will be available throughout the free trial period.
The prices in effect when you sign up for the free trial will be the same after the free trial ends, unless we tell you otherwise.
We reserve the right to modify a free trial offer, your access to the Premium Services during the free trial period, or any of these Terms in our sole discretion without notice or liability.
You may not sign up for multiple free trials of a Premium Service at the same time, and we reserve the right to limit your ability to receive multiple free trials.
8. Shopping and e-commerce
Additional eCommerce terms and conditions may apply to Under Armor Shopping.
You can find these terms and conditions [below](#Appendix A).
We also endeavor to provide you with information about our refund, exchange, restocking, tax, shipping and related policies at or near the point of purchase.
If you have any questions about Under Armor Shopping, please contact our support team.
Please read these policies before purchasing from Under Armor Shopping.
9. Physical activities and nutritional advice
It is important to us that users stay healthy while achieving their fitness goals.
Please act responsibly and use good judgment and common sense.
We provide our services for informational purposes only and will not be liable if you are injured or something goes wrong.
In particular, the majority of content posted in our community by other users, even if helpful, comes from strangers on the Internet and should therefore never be relied upon over good judgment or medical advice received.
9.1 Safety first
Under Armor cares about your safety.
You should consult your healthcare provider(s) and consider the associated risks before using our Services in connection with any physical activity, wellness or fitness program, or nutritional program or consultation.
By using our Services, you agree, represent and warrant that you have your physician's approval for participation in any wellness and fitness programs, workouts, exercises or any of the related activities available to you in connection with the Services and that you have consulted your doctor before making any changes to your diet based on the information available through the Services.
Not everyone has the same fitness level or abilities and participation in the activities promoted on our Services is at your own risk.
If you choose to participate in these activities, you do so voluntarily and with full awareness of all risks associated with such activities.
Activities promoted in the Services may pose risks even to those currently in good health.
You understand and agree that we do not physically inspect, supervise, prepare, conduct, or execute any activities accessed or discovered through the Services (e.g., advertised, official, or community-based set competitions; routes; friendly competitions or similar activities; individual or group training activities; external activities or other events or activities using our services).
Maps, directions and other GPS or navigation data, including data regarding your current location, may be unavailable, incorrect or incomplete.
We advise you to always prioritize safety, follow appropriate traffic laws, not change the settings on your device while moving or in unsafe areas, and always be alert and aware of your surroundings while They train.
You expressly agree that your exercise activities that may generate the User-Generated Content that you post or choose to post on or through the Services (e.g., jogging, running, cycling, walking), and certain external activities involve significant risks of property damage, personal injury or death and that you voluntarily assume all known and unknown risks associated with these activities, even if caused in whole or in part by any act, omission or negligence of Under Armor or any act, caused by the omission or negligence of others.
Except as otherwise provided in these Terms and to the fullest extent permitted by law, we assume no responsibility or liability, whether direct or indirect, for any personal injury or property damage caused by your physical activities or use of or inability to use any Services or features of the Services including, but not limited to, any content or activity that you access or learn about through our Services (e.g., an external activity such as a yoga class), even if in whole or in part through an act, omission, or negligence of Under Armor or others.
You expressly agree that, subject to applicable legal limits, we assume no responsibility for any external activities or other races, competitions, courses, sporting activities or events using the Services, promoted through the Services or accessed through the Services becomes.
9.2 Disclaimer regarding accuracy and reliability of content
We make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or currency of any Content available via the Services, and we undertake no obligation to update such Content.
In addition, user-generated content, including without limitation advice, statements or other information such as food, nutrition, nutritional advice, exercise advice, exercise advice, and exercise database entries, is not created by Under Armor and should not be relied upon without independent verification.
User-generated content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is solely the responsibility of the user from whom the user-generated content originated.
All information is provided “as is” without any representation, warranty or condition as to its accuracy or reliability.
Not all users, who may identify themselves as professional trainers or licensed nutritionists, are licensed in all relevant jurisdictions.
Under Armor has no obligation to verify that users who identify themselves as licensed trainers or dietitians are actually licensed.
If you hold yourself out as a licensed trainer or nutritionist, you represent and warrant that you are actually licensed to provide the services you provide in the jurisdiction in which you provide your services.
Users should also keep in mind that even if a User is a licensed Trainer in a jurisdiction, it does not mean that the Trainer User is licensed in the jurisdiction from which other Users are using the Trainer's advice.
Accordingly, the use of advice by other users is at your own risk.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, under no circumstances will Under Armor be responsible or liable for any loss or damage resulting from your reliance on any information or advice provided by users of our Services.
9.3 No medical advice
We aim to provide our community with helpful general information and not professional medical advice.
The Services are not medical devices and the data provided by them is not intended to be used for any medical purpose or to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease, condition or injury.
You expressly agree, subject to applicable legal limits, that we do not provide medical advice through the Services.
All content on the Services, whether from us or from other users or third parties (even if they claim to be a doctor!)
provided are not for use in place of (a) the advice of your doctor or other healthcare professional, (b) a visit, call or consultation with your doctor or other healthcare professional or © information contained on or in any product packaging or on a label and should not be used in its place.
To the extent permitted by law, we are not responsible for any health problems that may arise from any exercise programs, nutritional advice, consultations, products or events that you learn about through the Services.
If you have any health questions, please contact your doctor or other healthcare provider immediately.
In the event of an emergency, call your doctor or local emergency services immediately.
Use of the Services does not create a doctor-patient, therapist-patient or other health care professional relationship between Under Armor and you.
9.4 Untypical success stories
Success stories posted by users or Under Armor on our Services may not represent typical or even accurate results achieved through a particular fitness activity or diet.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Under Armor assumes no obligation or liability related to the accuracy, reliability or effectiveness of any fitness activities or nutritional recommendations contained in User Success Stories.
9.5 Accuracy
The Services are designed to provide you with information to promote your wellness and fitness activities.
Some Services are designed to track your body movements and sleep activity (“Activity Tracking Services”).
These activity tracking services rely on sensors and/or GPS features that track your movement or resting state.
The information provided by the activity tracking services is intended to reflect your activity but may not be completely accurate, particularly with regard to step, sleep, speed, distance or calorie data.
By using activity tracking services, you acknowledge that Under Armor is not responsible or liable for the inaccuracy of such data.
If you are a resident of New Jersey or the Netherlands:
Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing contained in these Terms will limit or exclude our liability for loss or damage caused by Under Armour's fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
10. Changes to Terms and Product-Specific Terms
As Under Armor grows and develops, we may need to make changes to these Terms or add additional terms that apply to specific products.
10.1 Updates to these Terms
Under Armor reserves the right to change these Terms by (i) posting the modified Terms on and/or through the Services and/or (ii) providing you with prior notice of material changes to the Terms, typically and to the extent reasonably possible, by email and otherwise through the Services (such as via a notification on the home page of Under Armor's websites or in our apps).
The changes will not apply retroactively unless otherwise provided by law.
We may from time to time ask you to review and expressly accept or reject a revised version of the Terms.
In these cases, the changes will come into effect as soon as you agree to the modified version of the Terms.
If you do not agree at this time, you may not use the Services.
Unless we ask for your express consent to a revised version of the Terms, the revised version of the Terms will be effective as of the date set forth in the Terms.
Your decision to create an account, access and use the Services (whether or not you establish an account with us) as of this date constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms.
If you do not agree to the changes, you must not use the Services and should stop using them.
10.2 Product-specific conditions
We may also require you to agree to additional terms, rules, policies, guidelines or other terms (collectively, “Product-Specific Terms”) that apply to particular Services (for example, the Commercial Tools).
In these cases, you may be asked to expressly accept product-specific terms and conditions.
For example, you may be required to check a box or click a button marked "I agree."
If the Product Specific Terms differ from these Terms, then the Product Specific Terms supplement, modify or replace these Terms, but only with respect to the subject matter of the Product Specific Terms.
11. Disclaimer of Warranty
EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER ARMOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
Without limiting the foregoing, you are aware that, within the limits permitted by law, we make no warranty as to the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truth, completeness, availability or reliability of the Services or the Content.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not warrant that (i) the Services will meet your requirements or produce any particular results, (ii) the operation of the Services will be uninterrupted, free of viruses or errors or free of other harmful elements or (iii) Errors are corrected.
Any oral or written advice given by our representatives or on our part is provided without guarantee.
To the extent permitted by law, we also make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to any Content; In particular, user-generated content is provided by the respective users, who are exclusively responsible for it.
Any oral or written advice or information obtained from other users or through the Services is provided without warranty unless expressly incorporated therein.
Therefore, you expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the Services is at your own risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort rests with you.
12. Limitation of Liability
We will provide you with the best possible services, but we cannot promise that they will be flawless.
We assume no liability for various things that may go wrong while using the Services.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event shall Under Armour, its subsidiaries, affiliates or any wireless carrier be liable to you or any third party (including, without limitation, negligence) for (a) any indirect, incidental, special, reliance, punitive or consequential damages of any kind; (b) loss of profits or revenues, loss of data, use, goodwill or other intangible damages; © Damages relating to your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the Services; (d) damages relating to the conduct or content of any third party or any user using the Services, including, without limitation, defamatory, offensive or unlawful conduct or content; and/or (e) damages of any kind relating to any external content, external products or external activities accessed through the Services.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this limitation applies to all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or otherwise, whether or not Under Armor has been advised of the possibility of the damage, and further if any The remedy provided herein has failed of its essential purpose.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Under Armour's aggregate liability for any claim under these Terms, including without limitation any implied warranties, will be one thousand U.S. dollars ($1,000.00) or the amount you have paid to us in the last twelve months Months paid for the use of the respective service(s), whichever is higher.
In particular, to the extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any claims arising from (a) your use of the Services (including, without limitation, your participation in activities promoted on or accessed through the Services), (b) the use, disclosure, publication or maintenance of a user's personal information, © other interactions with us or other users using the Services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (d) other content, information, Services or goods obtained through or advertised on the Services or obtained through links provided on the Services.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you acknowledge and agree that we provide the Services and price the Services in reliance on the warranty disclaimers, indemnities and limitations of liability set out in the Terms, such warranty disclaimers, indemnities and limitations of liability represent a reasonable and fair allocation of risks between you and us and form an essential basis of the transaction between you and us.
We would not be able to provide you with the Services in a commercially reasonable manner without these warranty disclaimers, indemnities and limitations of liability.
If you are a California resident, waive your rights under California Civil Code Section 1542, which provides: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist if he consents to the release, which, if he had known it, would have materially affected his agreement with the debtor.”
If you reside in New Jersey: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms will limit or exclude our liability for loss or damage caused by UA's fraud, recklessness, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
13. Compensation
If you are a resident of the United States or a country other than France or Germany: To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Under Armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners from any claim or demand, including reasonable accounting and legal fees , indemnify, and hold harmless any claims made by a third party based on: (a) the user-generated content that you access or share through the Services; (b) your use of the Services; © your sporting activities in connection with the Services (including without limitation sporting activities in connection with competitions, races, group activities, external activities or other events that we may sponsor or organize or in which we participate or in which the Services are used); (d) your connection to the Services; (e) your breach of these Terms; (f) your use or misuse of a user's personal information; (g) any violation by you of the rights of another person or entity, or (h) your use of the Services to personally meet another user or locate and move to the location of an offline location or event to go.
We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the Terms, and you agree to cooperate with us in our defense of such claims.
If you are a resident of France or Germany: Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Under Armour, its subsidiaries, suppliers and other partners from any claim or demand, including reasonable accounting and legal fees, made by be asserted against a third party based on: (a) the user-generated content that you access or share through the Services; (b) your use of the Services; © your use or misuse of a user's personal information; (d) any violation by you of the rights of another person or entity, or (e) your use of the Services to personally meet another user or locate and move to the location of an offline location or event to go.
We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the Terms, and you agree to cooperate with us in our defense of such claims.
If you reside in New Jersey: Notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms will be construed to require you to indemnify us from any claims arising from UA's fraud, negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct.
14. Governing Law
If you are a resident of the United States or a country outside the European Union: These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland or applicable United States federal law, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
If you reside in the European Union: These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Netherlands, excluding its conflict of law principles.
15. Disputes and Arbitration, Venue and Jurisdiction
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Under Armor agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not as a class, consolidated, or representative action.
Except as prohibited by law, you and we agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of an arbitrator under the rules of the American Arbitration Association for any dispute relating to your general use of the Services.
For more information about arbitration, please visit www.adr.org.
Any arbitration between you and us, to the extent necessary, will be conducted in Baltimore, Maryland, and you waive any defense of non-jurisdiction.
You agree not to sue us in any other jurisdiction or to initiate arbitration against us.
The arbitration proceedings will be conducted in English.
A single independent and impartial arbitrator will be appointed in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
Both you and we agree to comply with the following rules, which are designed to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce costs and burdens for all parties involved:
The arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or solely by written submissions, the specific method chosen by the party initiating the arbitration.
The arbitration shall not require the parties or witnesses to be present in person unless the parties mutually agree otherwise.
And
Any award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered into in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Except in exceptional circumstances, the arbitrator will make his decision within 120 days of his appointment.
The arbitrator may extend this period for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice.
All arbitration proceedings will be conducted in camera and will be confidential.
All relevant files remain sealed unless the arbitration award is to be confirmed in court.
The award will be in writing and will include a statement setting out the reasons for deciding a claim.
Further, with respect to any dispute arising from your decision to create an account, access and use the Services, you acknowledge the following:
You waive your right to a jury trial
You waive your right to serve as an agent, representative or other representative position or to participate in a class action in any action relating to such dispute, and
You must file any claim within one (1) year of the claim arising, otherwise the claim will be deemed barred.
If this arbitration provision is found to be invalid, then any dispute arising between us under the Terms shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Baltimore, Maryland, and you and we hereby submit to the personal venue and jurisdiction of such courts.
This Arbitration Agreement shall not prevent you or Under Armor from seeking interim relief in support of the arbitration from a court of competent jurisdiction, such as orders staying proceedings, compelling arbitration, or confirming an arbitration award.
In addition, this Arbitration Agreement shall not prevent you or Under Armor from (i) seeking a restraining order, injunction or other interim relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, as appropriate, or (ii) in the event of a dispute relating to a breach or potential breach seek an injunction in state or federal court against Under Armour's intellectual property rights.
In the event of any litigation or arbitration arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services provided, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the losing party all reasonable costs incurred, including employee costs, court costs, attorneys' fees and all other related expenses incurred in the court or arbitration proceedings.
If you reside in the European Union: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, if you have a dispute that you and Under Armor cannot resolve, you have the right to file a complaint at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr .
We do not participate in any alternative dispute resolution process except as set out in these Terms.
Furthermore, nothing in these Terms limits your right to bring a lawsuit against Under Armor in the local courts where you reside.
Any dispute arising between you and Under Armor under the Terms shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in your place of residence or the courts located in the Netherlands, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and venue .
If you are a resident of Finland: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, in the event of a dispute that you and Under Armor cannot resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local consumer protection association or other appropriate organization.
If you are a resident of Denmark: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, in the event of a dispute that you and Under Armor cannot resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Danish Competition and Consumer Protection Authority (Konkurrence- og Forbrugerstyrelsen, Center for Klageløsning, Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, 2500 Valby, email: cfk@kfst.dk).
If you reside in South Korea: Notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms of Use to the contrary, nothing contained in these Terms will limit your right to bring a lawsuit against Under Armor in the local courts where you reside.
16. International Conditions
If you are not a resident of the United States and are accessing our Services from outside the United States, you agree to provide certain information to us from your home country and to comply with all laws applicable to you.
We provide our services to a global community of users.
However, our servers and operations are located primarily in the United States and our policies and procedures are based primarily on United States law.
Therefore, the following provisions apply in particular to users located outside the United States: (i) You are authorized to transmit, store and process your information, in particular user-generated content and personal data, to and in the United States and/or other countries agree; (ii) if you are using the Services from a country embargoed by the United States or on the Specially Designated Nationals list (list containing information about individuals, groups and companies subject to various economic sanctions by the United States). U.S. Treasury Department, you are not authorized to access or use the Services; and (iii) you agree to comply with all local laws, rules and regulations, including without limitation all laws, rules and regulations applicable in the country in which you reside and from which you access the Services.
The Services are not intended for distribution to or use by any other person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation would require Under Armor or its affiliates to register in that jurisdiction or country.
The names of countries or regions used in these Terms, the Privacy Policy and any related features or documentation are based on the United Nations terminology database.
If you reside in the European Union, Hong Kong, Russia, New Zealand or South Korea: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, please note that some jurisdictions may not necessarily allow the waiver or limitation of certain warranties, liabilities or damages, that is, some of these exclusions and limitations in these Terms may not apply to you.
Nothing in these Terms shall be construed to exclude (1) our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation by us, (2) for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or willful misconduct, or (3) for any failure to perform a material contractual obligation.
If you are a resident of New Zealand: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms will reduce or exclude our liability or your rights if you are a consumer within the meaning of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 or the Fair Trading Act 1986 .
If you are a resident of Germany, France, Austria or Finland: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms and Conditions, the expression “to the extent permitted by applicable law” and similar expressions of similar meaning where they appear shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions has no effect.
If you are a resident of Japan: Notwithstanding anything in these Terms to the contrary, nothing in these Terms will reduce or exclude our liability or your rights if you are a consumer within the meaning of the Consumer Contracts Act.
If you are a resident of South Korea: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms, any changes to these Terms will be posted on the Site prior to their entry into force; unless you express your intention to reject such modification or change within a reasonable period of such notice, you will be deemed to have agreed to such modification or change.
17. Continuity
If our relationship or these Terms terminate, this will not limit any of our other rights or remedies, and any provision in these Terms that must survive in order to give effect to the purpose and intent of these Terms will survive termination, particularly Section 2 (Ownership of Content and Use of Content), 9 (Physical Activities and Nutritional Advice), 11 (Disclaimer of Warranties), 12 (Limitation of Liability), 13 (Indemnification), 15 (Disputes and Arbitration, Jurisdiction and Venue) and 17 (Continuity) .
18. Miscellaneous
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship is created between you and us as a result of the Terms or your use of the Services.
The Terms and any Product-Specific Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of the Services.
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should attempt to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the remaining provisions remain in full force and effect Power.
You may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent.
We may transfer or assign our rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion, and we may delegate our duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the Services to third party contractors or third party contractors to perform the performance to carry out these tasks and duties.
Any notice we send to you by email or regular mail, or any notices or links displayed in connection with the Services will constitute acceptable notice to you under these Terms.
We are not responsible if you do not receive the communication because the email is quarantined by your email security system (e.g. "junk" or "spam" folders) or because you have not sent your email -Do not update email address.
Notice will be deemed given forty-eight hours after it is sent if sent by email or regular mail.
If notice is provided via links displayed in connection with the Services, notice will be deemed given twenty-four hours after it is first displayed.
19. Contact
If you have any feedback, questions, or comments about the Services, please contact our support team by email, telephone at 1-888-727-6687, or by mail at: Under Armor, 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, MD 21230 (USA) and include “Attn: Legal – Terms and Conditions of Use” in the subject line.
Please be sure to include your full name, email address, postal address and a message in any email or postal mail.
Anhang A: Under Armour Shopping
By purchasing from us using Under Armor Shopping, you agree to the following terms and conditions.
These Terms apply to all offers and agreements relating to the online sale and delivery of Under Armor clothing, footwear and accessories (“UA Apparel”), but not to digital products and services (e.g. premium Memberships) which are expressly addressed in Section 8 of the Terms and Conditions above.
Accordingly, the terms and conditions set forth below apply to any order for UA apparel (i) through underarmour.com or UA.com, across any associated country domains; (ii) through any site directly affiliated with UA.com; or (iii) any Under Armor e-commerce or shopping application (collectively, “Under Armor Shopping”).
(a) Account Registration
You don't need an account to shop through Under Armor Shopping.
However, to make online shopping faster and easier, you can register an account with us on one of our websites or apps.
Please confirm your email address when creating your account as we will use the email address to contact you.
Your account gives you the ability to track shipments, view previous orders, and quickly access your shipping and billing information with a username and password.
If you don't want to create an account, you can still shop as a "guest" on Under Armor Shopping.
(b) Online Availability
When shopping, once you have decided on an item, you can determine which color/size is in stock by first selecting the color (1st Select Color) and then the size (2nd Select Size).
If the size you want is not in the selected color, it will not be available.
While Under Armor Shopping is designed to display inventory in real time so that only in-stock items are visible and available for purchase, there may still be times when an item sells out due to popularity of a particular style, color or size and we cannot guarantee that items shown as in stock are actually available.
If the item you would like to purchase is currently unavailable, we apologize for the inconvenience and encourage you to call our customer service number so we can help you find a similar product.
© Find style number
If you are looking for a product's style number, you will find it on a small white label inside your garment.
For example, it says FW081100200 or, for older styles, FW060375. The first four characters refer to the season of the style (e.g. FW06=Fall/Winter 2006) (although the style number may not include the first four characters depending on the region for some products), and the last seven characters ( for new styles) or four characters (for older styles) refer to the style number.
You can enter this style number into our services to find exactly what you are looking for.
If no results appear, the style may no longer be manufactured by Under Armor.
Please contact our customer service team who will be happy to help you find a replacement product.
(d) Orders and Order Changes
When you place an order, we will send you a confirmation email to the address you provided.
If you use your work email address, please note that many companies use spam filters to exclude incoming automated emails.
This could prevent you from receiving our confirmation email or result in it being sent to your unsolicited email folder.
The final details of your order are determined in the “confirmation phase”.
We will then send you a confirmation email indicating the products you have ordered.
Please note that this email is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Under Armour.
Acceptance of the order and the formation of a contract between us will take place when we send you the products ordered, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have canceled the order.
Due to the tight time frame between ordering and shipping, it is difficult to make changes after your order has been placed.
However, if you call us within one hour of placing your order, we will attempt to make the change.
(e) Tax
Sales tax and similar taxes, such as value added tax (“VAT”), are calculated using local and national rates depending on where you are located.
If VAT is applicable, you will be charged the applicable local rate and will be included in the product price.
(f) Payment
Under Armor reserves the right to add to the list of acceptable payment methods for Under Armor Shopping.
We may require that credit cards and debit cards be issued by an institution in the jurisdiction in which you are located and such payment methods must be associated with a billing address in the same jurisdiction.
In most jurisdictions, you must ensure that the billing address on file with the bank that issued the credit or debit card is the same billing address that you provide when placing your order.
We do not accept personal checks, money orders or cash payments online.
Because Under Armor does not invoice for items until they are shipped, we may use a pre-approval process to reserve your products for shipping.
To avoid unnecessary overdraft fees, banks often use a method called “pre-approval” to verify that the credit/debit card being used is valid and has sufficient funds.
Please note that the transaction description on your statement will be “UNDER ARMOR”.
Most permits expire within five to seven days; however, the issuing bank ultimately determines the duration of the approval.
Ultimately, only the value of the goods shipped to you plus any applicable shipping costs and taxes will be charged to your credit or debit card.
If you have any further questions, please contact our customer service team.
If you have any issues with payment, please contact our customer service team - a member of the team will be happy to help you.
(g) Delivery and Shipping
There are some locations we cannot ship to and we do not ship to PO Boxes.
Therefore, you should ensure that we can deliver the delivery to you before placing your order.
The estimated delivery time and shipping costs are stated for each order during checkout.
Although we make every effort to deliver goods within the estimated time frame, delays may occasionally occur.
Under Armor will not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver goods within the estimated time frames.
Under Armor reserves the right to require that acceptance of goods be confirmed by the signature of an adult at least 18 years of age.
Customers in one jurisdiction may not always be able to purchase from Under Armor Shopping in another jurisdiction.
Please visit our local website to see what merchandise is currently available to you.
You will usually receive a tracking number via email once your package has been shipped.
You can also find your tracking number(s) by logging in to your account and entering the order number from your order confirmation email to track your package.
Please allow two to four business days from placing your order before using tracking.
If you found your order on our website and received the message that your order is "in transit", it only means that your order is being prepared for shipping or that the tracking information has not yet been updated by the carrier.
Typically, the carrier receives our tracking information within two to four business days.
We endeavor to ship all items in an order together, but we reserve the right to ship your products separately if one or more items are not available upon initial shipment.
If we split your order into multiple shipments, you will not be charged separate shipping costs for each shipment.
Furthermore, a confirmation/tracking email is sent for each shipment.
If we have a problem fulfilling part of your order, this will not be a reason to cancel the remaining items in that order.
Title to all orders shipped to you will pass to you upon receipt, provided Under Armor has received full payment for the order.
(h) Cancellations, Exchanges and Refunds
The cancellation, exchange and refund policies and procedures that apply to your order depend on where you access Under Armor Shopping from.
For more information about the policies we apply to a specific order, please see the policies detailed in the Customer Service and Additional E-Commerce Terms section on the local website where you placed your order.
(i) conflict between terms; applicable law
To the extent that these Under Armor Shopping Terms conflict with the Terms, these Under Armor Shopping Terms take precedence and apply to your orders from Under Armor Shopping and your use of Under Armor Shopping.
To the extent that these Under Armor Shopping Terms conflict with the terms and conditions of the local website on which you placed your order, the local website terms and conditions will prevail and apply to your orders from Under Armor Shopping and your use of Under Armor Shopping.
If you live in South Korea: Under Armor's contractual partner for Under Armor Shopping is Under Amour Korea, Ltd.
You must be at least 14 years old to use Under Armor Shopping.
If you are between 14 and 18 years old, you or your legal representative may cancel the purchase agreement concluded under Under Amour Shopping if your legal representative has not agreed to such purchase agreement.
If you reside in Turkey: Some of the e-commerce terms and conditions are listed in this Appendix A: UA Shopping does not apply to Turkish users who purchase UA clothing from our Turkish distributor DOĞUŞ PERAKENDE (Doğuş Perakende Satış Giyim ve Aksesuar Tic.
A.Ş.) at http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
- For Turkish users shopping at http://www.underarmour.com.tr, only the terms and conditions agreed to by the users and valid under Turkish law apply.
- In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms in Appendix A: UA Shopping and the terms of the Transaction Guide, Distance Agreement or Prior Information Form, the terms of the Transaction Guide, Distance Agreement or Prior Information Form (as the case may be) shall prevail over the conflicting or inconsistent terms in Appendix A: UA Shopping.
- We will send you an order confirmation listing the UA clothing you ordered upon completion of your purchase.
- You may specify a different billing address for the credit card issuing bank than the billing address for orders placed at http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
- If we are unable to ship the UA clothing to your delivery location, we will notify you via email that shipping to your delivery location is not possible.
- According to the distance agreement, your products will be delivered within thirty (30) days.
- According to the Transaction Guide, Distance Agreement and Prior Information Form, you have fourteen (14) days to cancel a Distance Agreement and avoid penalties.
- We do not change any goods advertised or offered as a special offer, the prices and dates of these products and other special offers in connection with purchases already made and/or transactions in progress http://www.underarmour.com.tr.
If you are a resident of Canada: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms or the specific terms of this Appendix A, any dispute arising from purchases of UA Apparel with a Visa credit card through the Canadian Under Armor website will be governed by this shall be governed by Canadian law without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
If you reside in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, or Thailand: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms or the Specific Terms of this Appendix A, any dispute arising out of purchases of UA Apparel with a Visa - or MasterCard credit card through the Under Armor website for Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand or Indonesia shall be governed by Canadian law without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
(j) Product descriptions and prices
Under Armor Shopping tries to be as accurate as possible.
Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that product descriptions, photos, videos or other product-related content on Under Armor Shopping is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
If a product offered by Under Armor does not conform to its description, your sole remedy is to return it unused for a refund.
Despite our best efforts, individual items may be incorrectly priced.
If the correct price of an item sold by Under Armor is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of the cancellation notify.
The prices stated on Under Armor Shopping are in the respective local currency.
(k) Changes
Please note that, in accordance with applicable law, we reserve the right to change the goods advertised or offered for sale through Under Armor Shopping, the prices or specifications of such goods, and promotional offers or content available on Under Armor Shopping from time to time without notice or change liability to you or any other person.
