Terms of Use
Welcome to Facebook!
In the summary of messaging, voice and video calling services integrated into Facebook products, you can find a contract summary here and further information required under the European Electronic Communications Code here.
Facebook develops technologies and services that help people connect, build communities, and grow their businesses.
These Terms of Use govern your use of Facebook, Messenger and the other products, features, apps, services, technologies and software we offer (the Facebook Products or Products), unless we expressly state that separate terms of use (and not these) apply.
These products are provided to you by Facebook Ireland Limited.
We will not charge you for your use of Facebook or the other products and services to which these Terms of Use apply.
Instead, companies and organizations pay us to show you advertisements for their products and services.
By using our products, you agree that we may show you advertisements that we believe are relevant to you and in line with your interests.
We use your personal information to determine which advertisements we show you.
We do not sell your personal information to advertisers, and we only share information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email address or other contact information) with advertisers with your express consent.
However, advertisers can, for example, tell us which target group should see their advertisements.
We then show these ads to people who may be interested in them.
We provide advertisers with reports on the performance of their advertisements to understand how users are interacting with their content.
For more information, see Section 2 below.
Our Data Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information to determine some of the advertisements you see and to provide any other services described below.
You can review your privacy settings regarding our use of your information at any time in your settings.
1. Services we offer
Our mission is to empower people to build communities and bring the world closer together.
To further this mission, we provide you with the products and services described below:
We provide you with a personalized experience: Your experience on Facebook is different from that of everyone else, from the posts, stories, events, ads and other content you see in News Feed or on our video platform the pages you subscribe to and other features you may use, such as Latest News, Marketplace and Search.
To personalize your experience, we use the information we have – such as the connections you make, the options and settings you choose, and what you do on and off our Products.
We connect you with people and organizations that matter to you: We help you find and connect with people, groups, companies, organizations, etc. that matter to you on the Facebook products you use.
We use the information we have to make suggestions to you and others - for example, joining groups, attending events, subscribing to or sending messages to pages, watching shows, and people you may would like to add as a friend.
Stronger bonds create better communities.
That's why we believe our Services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups and organizations that interest them.
We give you the opportunity to express yourself and share things that matter to you: You have many ways to express yourself on Facebook and share with friends, family members and others about the things that matter to you - for example by you share status updates, photos, videos and stories across the Facebook products you use, send messages to a friend or multiple people, create events or groups, or add content to your profile.
We've also created new ways - and continue to develop new solutions - for how people can use technologies, such as augmented reality and 360° video, to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Facebook.
We help you discover content, products and services that may interest you: We show you advertisements, offers and other sponsored content to help you discover content, products and services offered by the many companies and organizations who use Facebook and other Facebook products.
This is explained in more detail in Section 2 below.
We fight harmful behavior and protect and support our community: People can only form communities on Facebook if they feel safe.
We employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our products, harmful behavior toward others and situations where we may be able to help support and protect our community.
If we become aware of such content or behavior, we will take appropriate action, including: B. by offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, deactivating an account, or contacting law enforcement authorities.
We share data with other Facebook companies if we detect abuse or harmful behavior by someone using one of our products.
We use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone: We use and develop advanced technologies - including artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality - so that people can use our products safely, regardless of their physical ability or geographical location can.
For example, such technology helps people with visual impairments understand what or who is visible in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram.
We also create advanced networking and communications technology to help more people in areas with limited access connect to the Internet.
We are also developing automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activities that may harm our community and the integrity of our products.
We explore ways to improve our Services: We conduct research to develop, test and improve our products.
This includes analyzing the data we hold about our users and understanding how people use our products, for example by conducting surveys, testing and troubleshooting new features.
Our data policy explains how we use data for these research purposes to further develop and optimize our services.
We provide consistent and seamless experiences across all Facebook companies products: Our products help you find and connect with the people, groups, companies, organizations, etc. that matter to you.
We design our systems so that your experience is consistent and seamless across the different Facebook Company products you use.
For example, we use data about the people you interact with on Facebook to make it easier for you to connect with them on Instagram or Messenger.
We also enable you to communicate via Messenger with a company that you have subscribed to on Facebook.
We enable global access to our services: In order to operate our global service, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centers and systems around the world, including in countries outside of the country in which you live.
This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited or their affiliated companies.
2. Funding our services
Instead of paying to use Facebook and the other products and services we offer, by using the Facebook Products to which these Terms of Use apply, you agree that we may show you advertisements for which you are entitled to be featured on and off the Facebook company products are paid for by companies and organizations.
We use your personal data, such as: B. Information about your activities and interests in order to show you advertisements that are more relevant to you.
Protecting people's privacy and data was a central component in the design of our advertising system.
This means we can show you relevant and helpful ads without advertisers knowing who you are.
We do not sell your personal information.
We give advertisers the opportunity to tell us, for example, what their business objective is and what type of audience they want to see their ads (e.g. people aged 18 to 35 who are interested in cycling).
We then show your ad to people who might be interested in it.
We also provide advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to help them gain insight into how people are engaging with their content on and off Facebook.
For example, we provide advertisers with general demographic and interest information (e.g. that an ad was viewed by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34, living in Madrid and interested in software development) to help them target their audience to understand better.
We do not share information that directly identifies you (information such as your name or email address, which by itself can be used to contact you or directly identify you) unless: you give us your express consent to do so.
Learn more about how Facebook ads work here.
We collect and use your personal information to provide you with the services described above.
You can find out how we collect and use your data in our data policy.
You have control over what types of advertisements and advertisers you see, and what types of information we use to determine which advertisements we show you.
More on this.
3. Your obligations to Facebook and our community
We provide these services to you and others to further our mission.
In return, it is necessary that you make the following commitments:
Who can use Facebook
When people stand behind their opinions and actions, our community is safer and more accountable.
For this reason, you need to do the following:
Use the same name that you use in everyday life.
Provide accurate and correct information about you.
Create only one account (your own) and use your timeline for personal purposes.
Do not share your password, allow others to access your Facebook account, or transfer your account to anyone else (without our consent).
We're trying to make Facebook comprehensive and available to everyone.
However, you are not allowed to use Facebook if the following applies:
You are under 13 years old.
You are a convicted sex offender.
We have previously disabled your account for violations of our terms of service or policies.
You may not receive our products, services or software under applicable law.
What you can share and do on Facebook
We want people to use Facebook to express themselves and share content that matters to them.
However, this must not be done at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community.
You therefore agree not to engage in (or encourage or assist others to engage in) the conduct described below:
You may not use our Products to do or share anything that:
It violates these Terms of Use, our Community Standards, or other terms and policies that apply to your use of Facebook.
It is unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent.
It violates or violates another person's rights, e.g. B. their intellectual property rights.
You may not upload viruses or malicious code or do anything that could prevent, overburden or impair the proper functioning or appearance of our products.
You may not (without our prior consent) access, collect or attempt to access data from our Products through automated means that you are not authorized to access.
We may remove or block content that violates these terms.
If we remove content you shared for violating our Community Standards, we will notify you and explain your options for requesting further review, unless you have materially or repeatedly violated these Terms of Use or the Notification by us could result in legal liability for us or others, harm our community, impair or disrupt the integrity or operation of our services, systems or products, or be prevented from doing so due to technical limitations or prohibited by law.
To support our community, we encourage you to report content or behavior that you believe violates your rights (including intellectual property rights) or our terms of use and policies.
We may also remove or restrict access to your content, services or information if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid or mitigate adverse legal or regulatory consequences for Facebook.
You grant us these permissions
We need certain permissions from you to provide our services:
Permission to Use Content You Create and Share: Some content you share or upload, such as photos or videos, may be protected by intellectual property laws.
You own the intellectual property rights (such as copyright or trademarks) in any content you create and share on Facebook and the other Facebook companies products you use.
Nothing in these Terms of Use denies you any rights you have with respect to your own content.
You can share your content with others wherever you want.
However, in order for us to provide our Services, we require that you grant us some legal consent (called a “license”) to use this content.
This is solely to provide and improve our products and services, as explained in Section 1 above.
In particular, if you share, post or upload content protected by intellectual property rights on or in connection with our Products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide license to use your content (in accordance with your privacy policy). and App Settings) to host, use, distribute, modify, perform, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works from.
This means, for example, that when you share a photo on Facebook, you give us permission to store, copy and share it with others (again, in accordance with your settings); this can, among other things, Be service providers that support our service or other Facebook products you use.
This license terminates when your Content is deleted from our systems.
You can delete content individually or all at once (by deleting your account).
Find out more about how to delete your account.
You can download a copy of your data at any time before deleting your account.
If you delete content, it will no longer be visible to other users.
However, it is possible that it still exists elsewhere in our systems if
immediate deletion is not possible due to technical limitations (in this case, your content will be deleted within a maximum of 90 days after deletion by you);
your Content has already been used by others in accordance with this License and they have not deleted it (in which case this License will apply until the Content is deleted); or
immediate deletion would restrict us from taking the following measures:
Investigate or detect illegal activities or violations of our terms of use and policies (e.g., to detect or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
Fulfillment of a legal obligation, e.g. B. Preservation of evidence; or
To comply with a request from a judicial or administrative body, a law enforcement agency or a public authority;
in such a case, the content will only be maintained for as long as is necessary for the purposes underlying its maintenance (the exact duration depends on the individual case).
In all of the above cases, this license will continue to apply until the content has been completely deleted.
Consent to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions with ads and sponsored content: You grant us permission to use your name, profile picture, and information about actions you have taken on Facebook, without any compensation to you in addition to or in connection with advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that we display on our Products.
For example, we may show your friends that you are interested in a promoted event or have liked a page created by a brand that has paid us to show their ads on Facebook.
Ads like these can only be seen by people who have your permission to see the actions you take on Facebook.
Learn more about your ad settings and advertising preferences.
Permission to update software you use or download: When you download or use our software, you grant us permission to download and install any software updates that may be available.
Restrictions on Use of Our Intellectual Property
If you use content that is protected by intellectual property rights owned by us and make it available in or on our products (e.g. images, designs, videos or sounds provided by us that you use to create or shared content), we retain all rights to that content (but not to your content).
You may not use our copyrights or trademarks (or similar marks) unless expressly permitted by our trademark usage guidelines or with our prior written consent.
You must obtain our written consent (or consent under an open source license) to modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract any source code from us.
4. Additional Terms
Updating our Terms of Use
We are continually working to improve our Services and develop new features to make our products even better for you and our community.
Therefore, we may need to update these Terms of Use from time to time so that they correctly and accurately reflect our services and practices.
We will only make changes if the terms are no longer applicable or if they are incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable for you and take your interests into account.
We will provide you with at least 30 days' notice (for example by email or through our Products) before making any changes to these Terms of Use, unless the changes are required by law.
You will then be given the opportunity to review them before they come into effect.
Once updated Terms of Use come into effect, you will be bound by them if you continue to use our Products.
We hope that you will continue to use our products.
However, if you do not agree to our updated Terms of Service and no longer wish to be part of the Facebook community, you can delete your account at any time.
Suspension or Termination of Accounts
We want Facebook to be a place where people feel welcome and safe to express themselves and share their thoughts and ideas.
If we determine that you have flagrantly, seriously, or repeatedly violated our terms of use or policies, including without limitation our Community Standards, we may temporarily suspend or permanently disable access to your account.
We may also suspend or disable your account if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others or if we are required to do so for legal reasons.
If we take such action, we will notify you accordingly and explain your options for requesting an audit, unless our notification could result in legal liability for us or others, harm our community, the integrity or interfere with or disrupt the operation of any of our services, systems or products, or we are prevented from doing so by technical limitations or are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
You can find out more about what you can do if your account has been deactivated and how to contact us if you think we have deactivated your account in error.
If you delete your account or we deactivate it, these Terms of Use will terminate as an agreement between you and us, but the following provisions will survive: 3.3.1, 4.2 to 4.5.
Limitations of Liability
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit our liability for death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by our negligence or affect your legal rights.
We take all due care in providing our products and services to you and in maintaining a safe, secure and error-free environment.
Provided we have exercised professional care, we will not be responsible for any loss not arising from any breach by us of these Terms of Use or otherwise arising from our actions, for any losses incurred by you and us under normal circumstances at the time of agreeing to these Terms of Use were not foreseeable and for events beyond our reasonable control.
Disputes
We try to provide clear rules so that we can limit or, where possible, avoid disputes between you and us.
If a dispute does arise, it is helpful to know in advance where it can be resolved and which laws will apply.
If you are a consumer and have your permanent residence in a Member State of the European Union, the laws of that Member State will govern any claim, cause of action or dispute you may have against us arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or the Facebook Products This results in (“claim”).
You may have your claim resolved in any court in that Member State that has jurisdiction over the claim.
In all other cases, you agree that the claim must be resolved in a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland and that these Terms of Use and any claim will be governed by Irish law, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use (formerly the “Statement of Rights and Responsibilities”) constitute the entire agreement between you and Facebook Ireland Limited in relation to your use of our Products.
They replace all previous agreements.
Some of the products we offer are also subject to additional terms and conditions of use.
When you use such products, you will be given the opportunity to agree to additional terms of use, which will then become part of our agreement with you.
For example, if you access or use our Products for commercial or business purposes, such as: For example, to book ads, sell products, develop apps, manage a group or page for your business, or use our measurement services, you must agree to our Commercial Use Terms.
If you post or share content that contains music, you must comply with our Music Guidelines.
To the extent that any supplemental terms of use conflict with these Terms of Use, the supplemental terms of use apply to the extent of the contradiction.
If any part of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of rights.
Any modification or waiver of these Terms of Use must be in writing and signed by us.
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use to anyone else without our consent.
You can designate a person (called a legacy contact) to manage your account when it is memorialized.
Only your estate contact or a person you have named in a valid will or similar document that expresses your clear consent to the disclosure of your contents in the event of death or incapacity may request disclosure of your account after it has been memorialized .
These Terms of Use do not grant any third party any beneficiary rights.
All rights and obligations we have under these Terms of Use are freely assignable by us as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, operation of law, or otherwise.
You should be aware that in certain circumstances we may need to change the username for your account (for example, if someone else claims the username and it appears to be unrelated to the name you use in everyday life).
If this is the case, we will inform you in advance and explain the reasons.
We always welcome your feedback and other suggestions regarding our products and services.
However, you should be aware that we may use them without any restriction or obligation to compensate you and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.
5. Other terms and policies that may apply to you
Community Standards: These policies explain our standards regarding the content you post on Facebook and your activities on Facebook and other Facebook products.
Commercial Use Terms: These Terms apply if you also use our Products for commercial or business purposes, including advertising, operating an app on our Platform, using our Services for measurements, managing a group or page for a business, or selling goods or Services, use or access them for this purpose.
Advertising Policies: These policies outline what types of advertising content are permitted from partners advertising on Facebook Products.
Self-Serve Ads Terms of Use: These Terms of Use apply when you create, submit, or serve advertising or other commercial or sponsored activities or content using the self-serve advertising interfaces.
Page, Group, and Event Guidelines: These guidelines apply when you create or manage a Facebook page, group, or event, or when you use Facebook to communicate or organize a marketing effort.
Facebook Platform Policies: These policies set out the rules that apply to your use of our Platform (e.g. for developers or operators of a Platform app or website, or when you use social plugins).
Developer Payment Terms: These terms apply to developers of apps that use Facebook Payments.
Community Payment Terms: These terms apply to payments made on or through Facebook.
Trading Policies: These policies outline the rules that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.
Facebook Brand Resources: These policies outline the rules that apply to the use of Facebook trademarks, logos, and screenshots.
Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the rules that apply when you post or share music content on Facebook.
Live Guidelines: These guidelines apply to all content broadcast to Facebook Live.
Terms of use for messaging services relevant to users in the EU, EEA and UK: The terms of use applicable to the messaging, voice and video calling services included in the Facebook Products are available here and here Listed in compliance with EU rules.
Date of last revision: December 20, 2020
