Terms of Use
Last updated: April 3, 2014
Welcome to the Garmin Ltd. websites.
and its subsidiaries (“Garmin”).
“Garmin Websites” include garmin.com, garmin.blogs.com, my.garmin.com, connect.garmin.com, and other websites on which these Terms of Use are posted.
The terms “we”, “us”, “our” and their derivatives as used from time to time in these Terms of Use refer to Garmin.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING GARMIN SITES.
By using any Garmin website, you agree to these Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use the Garmin websites.
Please note that special terms and conditions may apply to certain services or features offered on some Garmin websites.
These Terms are published together with the relevant services or features.
They are in addition to these Terms of Use and will prevail in the event of any inconsistency.
Garmin may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting.
You are bound by any such changes and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the terms.
Use of Content
The content of Garmin websites, e.g. All content, such as text, graphics, images, audio, video and other content, as well as domain names, slogans, layout and design (collectively, "Content"), are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws under both U.S. American and foreign laws and are owned or controlled by Garmin or by third parties who have licensed their content to Garmin.
Unauthorized use of Content may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
To the extent that a Garmin website provides the ability to download certain content, you may download a copy of that content to a computer for your personal, non-commercial use subject to the following conditions: (a) You retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original content at, (b) you may not sell, modify, reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute or otherwise use the Content for any public or commercial purpose without the prior written consent of Garmin and (c) you may not use the Content in any way that suggests any association with our products, services or brands.
You may not "mirror" the contents of any Garmin website on any other server without Garmin's prior written consent.
Use of the Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited without the express written permission of Garmin.
The trademarks, logos and service marks (the “Marks”) appearing on the Garmin websites are the property of Garmin or third parties.
Use of these trademarks without the express written consent of Garmin or the applicable third party is prohibited.
If you would like information about requesting permission from Garmin to use the content on your website, email webmaster@garmin.com.
If we offer software downloads on a Garmin website and you download that software, the software includes, but is not limited to, all files and images incorporated in or generated by the software, and all data contained in the software (collectively referred to as "Software"), licensed to you by us or the relevant third party licensors exclusively for private, non-commercial use.
We do not transfer ownership rights in the Software to you.
You may not distribute or otherwise use the Software or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Software to a generally readable form.
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN WRITING, GARMIN HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SOFTWARE; THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES.
GARMIN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY (1) INACCURACIES, ERRORS IN OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE, (2) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES) ARISING FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR CAUSED BY INACCURACIES, ERRORS OR FAILURES OF THE SOFTWARE.
IF ANY OF THE FOREGOING TERMS ARE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GARMIN'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Public forums and communication
"Public Forum" means an area, site or feature offered as part of a Garmin Site to which content may be uploaded by users for viewing by other users of Garmin Sites ("User Content"), including, but not limited to message boards, forums, social communities, conversation sites or blogs.
You acknowledge that public forums and the features provided therein are provided for public, not private, communications, and you have no right to privacy with respect to any User Content in a public forum.
We cannot guarantee the security of any information you post through these media; You share this content voluntarily and at your own risk.
Use your judgment when posting any information, statements or content regarding other users, service providers, Garmin or third parties.
You may be held liable if you post legally actionable or defamatory comments, statements or other information or content on the Garmin website that could give rise to claims for damages from you by other users, Garmin or third parties.
Garmin is not legally responsible for any User Content even if such User Content is defamatory or otherwise legally actionable.
You are and will remain solely liable for any User Content that you post in a public forum on or through Garmin Sites, and will bear the consequences of your submission and posting of such Content.
We have no obligation to monitor public forums.
You will be solely responsible for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights or other violations by any User Content.
By sharing materials on Garmin websites, you or the owner of the materials automatically grant Garmin the express right and license to use, reproduce, modify the content (in whole or in part) worldwide on a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive basis , adapt, publish, translate and distribute and/or incorporate the same into any form, media or technology now available or hereafter developed, for the full period of copyright or other rights that may exist in such content.
You also grant any other user the right to access, view, store or reproduce the Content for their personal use.
You hereby grant Garmin the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any materials you provide on Garmin websites.
You acknowledge that your use or reliance on any content provided by users in a public forum is at your own risk.
For example, we are not responsible for, nor do we endorse, any opinions, advice or recommendations posted or submitted by users to any public forum, and we disclaim all liability in connection therewith.
We do not check or verify the qualifications, backgrounds or abilities of users or the information they post in a public forum.
Therefore, we recommend that you exercise caution and use your judgment when using Garmin websites or any public forum.
Rules of Conduct: You agree that you will not post any User Content to any Garmin Site that:
is defamatory, offensive or harassing, contains a threat or constitutes an invasion of another person's privacy
are bigoted, hateful, racist or otherwise offensive
are violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit or may otherwise harm or harm any natural or legal person
is illegal or promotes illegal activities or collusion; these include, among other things: User Content that contains child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen materials, drug trafficking and/or abuse, harassment, theft, or conspiring to engage in criminal activity
violate the rights of third parties; these include, but are not limited to: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights, (b) privacy rights (in particular, you may not distribute other people's information without their express consent) or publicity rights, or (c) any confidentiality obligations
are commercial, business-related or promotional in nature or involve the sale of products, services or other services (whether or not for profit) or solicit the services of others (including solicitations for contributions or donations)
contain a virus or harmful components or otherwise corrupt, impair or damage the Garmin Websites or any network connected thereto or otherwise interfere with any person or entity's use of the Garmin Websites
(a) is generally unrelated to the subject matter of the relevant public forum, (b) violates certain public forum restrictions (including age restrictions and procedures), or (c) is anti-social, disruptive or destructive (this includes, but is not limited to, the Internet processes used and well-known terms such as "flaming", "spamming", "flooding", "trolling" and "griefing") or
are false or misleading
We cannot and do not guarantee that other users will comply with the above rules of conduct or any other provisions of these Terms of Use, and you hereby assume all risk of damage or injury resulting from such non-compliance.
We reserve the right not to post or redistribute any User Content or to delete any posted User Content that violates these Terms of Use (including the Rules of Conduct), but we disclaim any obligation or responsibility in this regard.
Content
To participate in certain services or to take advantage of additional benefits on the Garmin websites, an account may or must be created.
You agree to provide true, correct, current and complete information about the personal data requested in the registration process ("Registration Data") and to manage and update it.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with a person or entity; this includes using another person's username, password or other account information, or another person's name, images, photographs or voice.
You further agree to immediately notify us at webmaster@garmin.com of any unlawful use of your user name, password or other account information or any other security issues relating to Garmin websites.
We have the right to suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use Garmin websites, in whole or in part, if you violate these Terms of Use or certain terms of a specific service.
Garmin Liability
Garmin makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Content or the results to be obtained from the use of the Garmin websites and their Content.
Use of the Garmin websites and their content is at your own risk.
Changes may occasionally be made to the Garmin websites; this can be done at any time.
Some content on the Garmin websites may be provided by third parties; Garmin is not responsible for such content provided by third parties.
GARMIN MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT THE GARMIN SITES WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE GARMIN SITES OR THEIR SERVERS ARE FREE OF ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS.
IF YOUR USE OF THE GARMIN SITES OR THE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING ANY EQUIPMENT OR IF RESULTING IN LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, GARMIN WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO ASSUME THOSE COSTS.
THE GARMIN SITES AND THEIR CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GARMIN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Exclusion of certain cases of compensation
Your use of the Garmin websites is at your own risk.
If you are dissatisfied with the content or other portion of the Garmin Websites, or with these Terms, your exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Garmin Websites.
IN NO EVENT SHALL GARMIN OR ANY THIRD PARTY NAMED ON THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES DUE TO LOSS OF DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) CAUSED BY THE USE OR NOT POSSIBLE USE OF THE GARMIN SITES AND THE CONTENT ARE ARISING OUT OF WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL BASIS, EVEN IF GARMIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU; IN SUCH CASE, THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Links to other websites
The Garmin websites may contain links to third-party websites whose content is maintained by third parties.
The provision of such links is provided solely as a convenience to consumers and does not imply that Garmin endorses the content of such third party websites.
Garmin is not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites and makes no representations or warranties regarding the content, accuracy of materials, or privacy practices of such third-party websites.
Your access to linked third party websites is at your own risk.
Third Party Applications
Garmin websites may offer the ability to download applications developed by third parties.
Garmin is not responsible for, and makes no representations or warranties with respect to, the content or operation of such third-party applications or the privacy practices of such third-party developers.
If you download and use a third-party application, you do so at your own risk.
Indemnification
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Garmin, its officers, directors, employees and agents from any claim, action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleged or actual arising from any breach by you of these Terms of use arise.
Export control
The United States and other countries control the export of products and information.
You agree to comply with these restrictions and not to export or re-export the Content to any country or person to which export is prohibited under export control laws.
By downloading the Content, you represent that you are not located in an export-restricted country and that you are not listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Table of Denial Orders or on the Specially Designated List Nationals” of the US Department of the Treasury.
You are responsible for complying with your local laws regarding the import, export or re-export of the Content.
Copyright Policy
Garmin respects the intellectual property rights of others.
Garmin may, at its sole discretion, terminate a user's account if the user has infringed or repeatedly infringed the intellectual property rights of others.
If you would like to report copyright infringement to Garmin, please send a notification in the form required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"); The report to the responsible officer listed below must contain the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed.
Details of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if the notification relates to multiple copyrighted works at an online website, a list of the works at that website.
Details of the material that you claim is infringing or is the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Contact details of the complaining party, such as address, telephone number and email address (if available), sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party.
A statement by the complaining party that it has a good faith belief that use of the material identified is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that all information provided in the message is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with the requirements of the preceding paragraph, your DMCA notice may not be legally binding.
For more information about the DMCA and DMCA notices, see the U.S.C. in Title 17, Section 512.
Our copyright agent can be reached at the following addresses:
Email: copyright@garmin.com
Postal address:
DMCA Designated Agent
Attn: Legal Department
Garmin International, Inc.
1200 East 151st Street
Olathe, KS 66062, USA
Generally
Except to the extent described below in this paragraph, all legal issues arising out of or relating to the use of Garmin websites shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas and shall be governed by the laws applicable to contracts , which are completed and fulfilled in the State of Kansas; this applies regardless of any conflict of law principles in that state.
By using a Garmin website, you agree that any claim or action arising from your use of the Garmin website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Kansas or any other court in the State of Kansas located in Johnson County subject to.
You hereby irrevocably waive, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any and all defenses, now or hereafter, to venue in any such proceeding in any such court and any claim that any such proceeding in any such court has been held in an inconvenient forum .
If you (a) are not a U.S. citizen, (b) are not a U.S. resident, (c) are accessing the Garmin website from outside the U.S., and (d) are a citizen of one of the countries listed below, you agree You hereby agree that any conflict or claim arising under these Terms of Use shall be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without regard to conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state, province or country set forth below and whose laws are relevant:
Citizenship:
Any country in the European Union
Applicable law and place of jurisdiction:
English law; London, England
If you would like to make a complaint or request further information, you may contact the provider in writing.
Postanschrift: Garmin International, Inc., 1200 East 151st Street, Olathe, Kansas 66062, USA.
Phone number: +1-913-397-8200 (ask for the webmaster).
Email Address: webmaster@garmin.com.
