For the avoidance of doubt, GPL provides the Service to Buyer (as described in the Terms of Service below) for Buyer's purchases on Google Marketplaces and for charitable donations to Sellers that are non-profit organizations.
You can find a list of the Google marketplaces the service supports here.
Google may update the Marketplaces as necessary, but all transactions processed through Marketplaces will be processed in accordance with the Terms of Service below.
For more information about whether a particular product is a marketplace or not, please refer to the product's terms of use.
Terms of Use
March 28, 2018
This Buyer Terms of Service (“Agreement”) constitutes a legally binding agreement between Google Payment Ltd.,
a company registered in England with company registration number 05903713 and registered office at 5 New Street Square, London EC4A 3TW, United Kingdom ("GPL"), and you ("Buyer").
You can contact GPL via email at https://support.google.com/payments.
GPL is authorized and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) as an electronic money institution number 900008.
GPL is a subsidiary of Google International, LLC (“Google”).
These Terms of Use govern your access to and use of Google Payments.
The services described below are provided by GPL.
Please read this Agreement carefully before accepting it and proceeding with registration.
Payment instruments stored in your Google Payments account may appear to you under the Google Pay brand, but remain subject to this Agreement when used in connection with the Services described below.
By agreeing to this Agreement, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age and have the authority to enter into a legally binding contract.
Before proceeding, print or save the agreement for your records.
You may accept this Agreement as set out in clause 3.
The Agreement is effective from the date of your acceptance (“Effective Date”).
1. The definition
The following definitions apply to the terms used in this Agreement:
“Account” means the electronic money account that GPL maintains for you.
“Agreement” means these Buyer Terms of Use.
"AISP" stands for "Account Information Service Provider" and means a payment service provider (not GPL) that offers an account information service.
This Service is an online service that may provide you with consolidated information about one or more of your payment accounts - including your electronic money account (your "Account").
“Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in the United Kingdom.
“Carrier Billing” is the process by which GPL sends a payment transaction to the wireless carrier to be processed through the Buyer's carrier billing account.
“Mobile Carrier” means a GPL-approved wireless carrier that offers a wireless carrier billing account.
“Mobile carrier billing account” means the account for regular – e.g. B. Monthly – Billing maintained for you by the wireless carrier you register for the Service that provides funds for certain financial transactions.
“Content” means advice, opinions, offers, suggestions, statements, data and other information displayed, distributed, purchased or paid for through the Service.
“Customer” is the natural or legal person who registers as a buyer or seller within the Service.
“Disputes” means any dispute, dispute, settlement and/or other conflict between Customers or third parties that arises in connection with the use of the Service but is not a “Service Dispute”.
“E-Money” means an electronic value issued by GPL upon receipt of a payment from You.
Electronic money is maintained in GPL's computer system and represents a claim by you against GPL that you can redeem.
E-money is not credit.
“Payment Method” means a credit or debit card, wireless carrier billing account, or other payment method that you register to use the Service.
GPL uses this payment method to provide funds for the issuance of e-money through the service used to process payment transactions and for other purposes.
“Payment Transaction” means the transaction by which GPL (i) initiates the transfer of a Purchase Amount from your Payment Method to GPL, (ii) issues to You an E-Money amount equal to the Purchase Amount, and (iii) the E-Money Amount transferred from you to a seller from whom you purchase a product.
“Google” refers to Google International, LLC, and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
“GPL Website” means a website owned by GPL or a GPL subsidiary or affiliated company.
“GPL” and “we” (with its grammatical forms) mean Google Payment Limited.
“Credentials” is the generic term for the username and password combination that GPL assigns to you to access your account.
"Payment Order" means, as the context requires, (i) Seller's instruction to GPL to execute a payment transaction authorized by You, which also serves as notice to GPL of Your authorization to initiate the purchase of an amount of Electronic Money from GPL, which corresponds to the purchase amount of the payment transaction, or (ii) the seller's instruction to GPL to issue a refund.
“Product” means any digital or physical goods and services that you purchase from a Seller through the Service.
“Purchase Amount” means an amount equal to the price of the Product, including any applicable taxes, fees and shipping costs.
"Refund" means a transaction in which GPL transfers E-Money from the Seller to your Account and then initiates the transfer of a corresponding amount to your Payment Method using the Service's refund function.
“Seller” means any natural or legal person who uses the Service to sell Products and receive purchase amounts from Payment Transactions.
“Service” means the electronic money payment service provided by GPL.
“Services” means all services offered by GPL under this Agreement, including the Service.
“Service Disputes” means any dispute, complaint, dispute, settlement and/or other conflict between GPL and Customer arising solely in connection with any alleged breach of contract or law by GPL and any related failure in the provision of the Service.
“Subsidiaries and Affiliates” means all companies economically affiliated with Google worldwide.
“Unregulated Service” means a service provided by GPL that is not an electronic money payment service as defined in clause 10.1(c).
"You" (with its grammatical forms) and "Buyer" refer to a person who applies for or registers to use the Service or is already using the Service to purchase a product through a payment transaction.
“Your email address” is the email address you provided during registration.
2. Your relationship with GPL
2.1 Your use of the Service is governed by this Agreement.
2.2 Unless otherwise specified, when using the Service, you purchase e-money from GPL, which is used to make payments to Sellers immediately after purchase.
2.3 GPL may also provide unregulated services pursuant to this Agreement.
3. Acceptance of the Agreement
3.1 In order to use the services described in this Agreement, you must first agree to this Agreement.
If you do not agree to the Agreement, you may not use the Services.
3.2 The Agreement constitutes a legal contract between you and GPL regarding your use of the Services.
Please be sure to read the agreement carefully.
By agreeing, you agree to use the Services in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.
3.3 You can accept the Agreement in several ways:
(a) By clicking the Accept Agreement button, if GPL provides such a button in the user interface.
(b) By using the Services.
In this case, you knowingly agree that GPL will treat your use of the Services as acceptance of the Agreement from that point forward.
3.4 If any of the following conditions apply, you may not use the Services or agree to the Agreement:
(a) You have not yet reached the legally required minimum age to enter into a legally binding contract with GPL and to use the payment method you register to use the Services.
(b) You are prohibited from using the Services under the laws of the United States or any other country, including the country in which you reside or in which you use the Services.
4. Provision and language of the agreement
4.1 When you register, you will be provided with the agreement in printable form.
Since the Agreement can be supplemented and changed as necessary, you will find the most current version of the Agreement on the GPL website.
4.2 You may request the Agreement throughout the term of the Agreement.
In this case, a link to the agreement will be sent to your email address free of charge.
4.3 The Agreement is provided to you in German and is also available in English.
4.4 If there are any contradictions between the German and English versions of the agreement, the German-language version takes precedence.
5. Registration for the Service
5.1 In order to use the Services, you must provide all required information on the Google Payments login webpages.
5.2 You must register a valid payment method that can be used to purchase Electronic Money through the Service.
5.3 The payment method must be linked to a billing address in a country where the Service is available.
5.4 You must provide current, complete and accurate information and maintain the currency and accuracy of that information while using the Services.
As a condition of your continued use of the Services or your commencement of use of a new service, or to determine whether you will be permitted to continue using the Services, GPL may require you to provide additional information.
You agree to provide appropriate information as required by GPL in this context, including information necessary to verify your identity or to confirm the authenticity of any payment instruments you register for use with GPL.
6. Provision of the Service through GPL
6.1 In some cases, the Services are provided in whole or in part by subsidiaries and affiliates acting on behalf of GPL.
You acknowledge and accept that subsidiaries and affiliates are authorized to provide the Services to you.
6.2 GPL continually introduces innovations to provide its users with the best possible offering.
You acknowledge and accept that GPL may periodically make a new service available to you without prior notice.
We will provide you with the revised Agreement required by the introduction of a new Service by email or via a link to the updated Agreement during registration.
You may accept the revised Agreement as set out in clause 3.
6.3 You acknowledge and accept that GPL may stop providing the Services to you as described in this Agreement.
You can stop using the Services at any time.
You are not required to notify GPL if you stop using the Services.
6.4 You acknowledge and accept that GPL may, without prior notice, introduce general procedures and restrictions relating to the use of the Services, including, without limitation, individual or aggregate transaction limits relating to the value or number of payment transactions during one or more periods.
6.5 GPL may refuse to execute payment transactions, payment orders or other use of the Services if GPL has reasonable grounds to believe that there is fraud or a violation by you or the Seller of the applicable Agreement or a law.
Transactions may also be delayed due to GPL's need to comply with its obligations under applicable anti-money laundering laws.
Delays may also occur if GPL suspects that the transaction in question is fraudulent.
If GPL refuses to execute a payment transaction, payment order or other use of the Services, you will be notified of this, provided that such notification would not cause GPL to act unlawfully or compromise appropriate security measures.
6.6 You acknowledge and accept that if GPL deactivates access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Service, your account details or any files or other content in your account by deactivating your login details.
7. Your Use of the Service
7.1 You agree to use the Services only as follows:
(a) In accordance with the Agreement
(b) In accordance with policies and limitations for the Services as published and updated periodically by GPL or an affiliate
(c) In accordance with applicable laws, regulations or other generally accepted practices or guidelines in relevant jurisdictions, including any laws regarding the export of data or software to or from the United States or other relevant countries
7.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and accept that you are responsible for registering and paying any taxes arising from your use of the Services.
You hereby agree to comply with all applicable tax laws, including filing and paying any taxes applicable in connection with payment transactions.
7.3 You agree not to access or attempt to access the Services through any means other than the user interface provided by GPL, unless expressly permitted by GPL in a separate agreement.
You acknowledge that this limitation applies to any automated use of the Services.
This does not affect your right to use AISP Services.
7.4 You agree not to engage in any activity that could interfere with or disrupt the Services or the servers and networks connected to the Services.
7.5 You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Services for any purpose unless you have received permission to do so through a separate agreement with GPL.
7.6 You accept that you will be solely responsible for any breach of your obligations under this Agreement and for the consequences, if any, of such breach, including any loss or damage incurred by GPL, and that GPL will not be liable to you or any third party in relation thereto is.
8. Credentials and Account Security
8.1 You agree to use the login credentials associated with your Account only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
8.2 You acknowledge and accept that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account login information and for taking all reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
8.3 If you use the Services in the context of a commercial activity, you accept that all employees, agents, representatives and other persons to whom you grant access to your registration data are thereby given the proper authority and authorization to carry out legal transactions on behalf of your company, your partnership or another legal entity.
8.4 Your liability for use of the Service is set out in clause 17 below.
8.5 You must immediately notify GPL via the Buyer Help page "Trouble signing in to your Google Account" if you become aware that your login information has been lost, stolen, or misused.
You must also notify GPL through the Buyer Help Report Unauthorized Charges page if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your login information or account.
You agree to notify GPL promptly and in the same manner of any breach of security relating to the Service of which you become aware.
8.6 If you believe that your account has been accessed or used in an unauthorized manner, please see the Report Abuse section.
For more information about how GPL protects you from fraud, see Frequently Asked Questions.
8.7 In order to obtain a refund for unauthorized or incorrectly processed payment transactions, you must notify GPL via Buyer Help without undue delay and no later than thirteen (13) months after the debit date if you discover any unauthorized or incorrectly processed payment transaction (see also clause 17).
The debit date is the date on which your payment method was debited with the corresponding amount.
8.8 GPL has the right to suspend the use of your login details and your account if a security compromise is suspected or if unauthorized or fraudulent activity is detected.
8.9 GPL will inform you of the suspension before or, if this is not possible, immediately after the suspension of your login details or your account and the reasons for such suspension, unless providing such information would compromise appropriate security measures or otherwise violate violate applicable laws.
Once the reasons for suspension no longer exist, GPL will reactivate your login details or account or provide you with new active login details or a new active account as soon as possible.
9. Privacy and your personal information
9.1 Google's privacy policy explains how we handle personal data when you use Google products and services.
In addition, GPL's Privacy Policy at https://payments.google.com/files/privacy.html describes how GPL handles your personal information and protects your privacy when you use the Services.
You can request a PDF version of the GPL Privacy Notice via Help: https://support.google.com/payments.
9.2 You agree that your data will be used in accordance with the privacy policy and notice set out in clause 9.1.
9.3 Buyer identity verification, anti-money laundering provisions
(a) Buyer acknowledges that GPL is offering the Services to Buyer now and in the future conditioned on Buyer's satisfactory completion of all GPL due diligence and identity checks and not in violation of GPL's and credit card companies' terms and conditions or anti-compliance provisions of money laundering violates.
Identity checks may include credit reports, statutory money laundering checks, credit card company-required checks, and other required checks.
Buyer will cooperate to the extent required by GPL in carrying out these controls and in verifying compliance with anti-money laundering provisions.
This includes providing additional login or identity verification information to the extent required by GPL.
(b) Buyer agrees that GPL may disclose, and may obtain from third parties within and outside the European Economic Area, information about Buyer to third parties within and outside the European Economic Area for the purposes of due diligence and identity checks, to the extent permitted by law.
This also includes personal data as defined in relevant data protection legislation.
In addition, the Buyer grants these third parties the right to retain the data obtained in this way.
(c) Violations of the terms and conditions contained in this Clause 9.3, including without limitation the provision of information required by GPL for identity verification or anti-money laundering compliance purposes, may result in the immediate suspension of Buyer's use of the Services and also result in termination of this Agreement.
10. Means of payment
10.1 You agree that GPL may use your payment method details for the following purposes:
(a) debiting your payment method for an amount equal to the purchase amount, including any fees, taxes or shipping costs (if applicable).
(b) Processing any payments necessary to bill you for any other fees arising from your use of the Service
(c) Upon your request, the transfer of the payment method to a third party so that that third party can invoice you for the costs of goods delivered or services provided.
This is an unregulated service provided to you by GPL.
In these cases, once the payment method details have been passed on to the third party, GPL is no longer involved in your transaction with the third party.
This transaction is not a payment transaction.
If you have any issues relating to third-party transactions, particularly those relating to refunds and disputes, you must contact the third-party provider or your payment method provider (e.g. your credit or debit card provider) directly.
10.2 You authorize GPL to check with the issuing financial institution or mobile operator that your payment method has sufficient funds and is under your control.
This can be done, for example, by requesting payment authorization and/or crediting and/or debiting a small amount to/from the payment method in accordance with the rules of the relevant credit card association.
10.3 You authorize GPL to obtain a bank report and/or otherwise make credit inquiries or request other background information as GPL deems appropriate to verify your registration for or continued use of the Services.
11. Processing e-money payments, carrier billing, subscriptions/recurring transaction purchases
11.1 GPL agrees to provide you with the service to facilitate payment transactions.
11.2 You must authorize the execution of payment transactions by confirming.
You agree that by using the Service to purchase Products from a Seller, you are giving your consent to complete the payment transaction.
You further accept that the authorized payment transaction cannot be revoked once you have given your consent.
You also accept that Sellers may refuse to process an order for a Product for any reason and that GPL is not obliged to carry out a payment transaction until the Seller has sent a payment order to GPL in accordance with clause 11.4.
11.3 GPL stores information provided by you as a result of your use of the Service, such as payment method details and shipping information, and processes payment transactions and refunds via the relevant credit and debit card network, the mobile provider's network or the bank's network.
11.4 After you have authorized the execution of a payment transaction, the seller may submit the payment order to GPL in accordance with the GPL guidelines.
After receiving the payment order from the seller, GPL initiates the transfer of the purchase amount from your payment method to GPL.
GPL will issue you an electronic money amount corresponding to the purchase amount at the latest when GPL receives a corresponding valid amount from your payment method.
GPL then immediately sends the instructed amount to the seller.
GPL is not responsible for and has no control over the time at which GPL receives funds from your payment method.
You will be informed in your account's transaction history once the seller has submitted the payment order to GPL.
11.5 Payment transactions may be refused or delayed as explained in clause 6.5.
11.6 You hereby expressly authorize GPL or a third party selected by GPL to:
(a) To charge your electronic money purchase payment method as required to complete the processing of a payment transaction
(b) To credit your Payment Method with any amounts resulting from cancellations of payments, refunds or corrections of purchase amounts through the Service
11.7 You understand and accept the following:
(a) The sale of Products by Seller is a transaction between Seller and you, and is not a transaction with GPL, Google or an affiliate, unless GPL, Google or an affiliate is expressly identified as the seller or buyer of the transaction called.
(b) Neither GPL nor Google or any affiliated company is the buyer, seller or party to a payment transaction unless expressly stated in the product listing on a Google site or in the Terms of Service.
(c) A Seller and GPL, acting on Seller's behalf, may resubmit a payment transaction for a Product purchase to the payment network for one-time or repeated processing if a previous payment transaction is rejected or returned by the payment network.
11.8 Electronic Money and therefore the Service are not subject to the Financial Services Compensation Scheme or any public or private insurance scheme.
11.9 Billing via the mobile phone provider.
Certain sellers that accept Google Payments may offer you the option to bill your carrier for purchases made through your carrier billing account.
If you use carrier billing through Google Payments, the following additional terms apply:
(a) In order for you to register your wireless carrier billing account as a payment option, Google Payments requires your mobile phone number and the name and billing address (including zip code) of the wireless carrier billing account to which that number is associated.
You consent to your mobile provider sending this information to Google Payments.
You can review this information and correct it if necessary when you sign up for wireless carrier billing.
This information is used by Google Payments to set up your wireless carrier billing account in your Google Payments account and to operate the service.
You also acknowledge that GPL and your wireless carrier may exchange information about your billing activity to charge or credit your carrier billing account and otherwise process payments for purchases, cancellations, refunds, or corrections to payment transactions. to resolve disputes and provide customer service and to facilitate other activities related to wireless carrier billing.
(b) If you elect to use wireless carrier billing when paying for a transaction, you authorize Seller and GPL to send charges and credits to your wireless carrier, and you authorize your wireless carrier to send such charges and credits to your account as necessary for billing via the mobile operator in order to carry out the payment transaction or the cancellation, refund or correction of this payment transaction.
The payment requirement for such transactions is due once you commit to the purchase.
(c) You may only use carrier billing to purchase applications from certain Google Play merchants, such as downloadable applications, network applications, wallpapers, ringtones, games or productivity tools ("Apps") for and through your compatible device.
These apps are not sold by your carrier, Google, GPL or Google Play.
The seller is identified when purchasing the app.
(d) For wireless carrier billing purchases, your carrier billing account terms and conditions also apply.
You are responsible for any charges you incur as a result of your use of wireless carrier billing in accordance with your wireless carrier billing account terms and conditions.
(e) If you have any questions about charges related to your wireless carrier billing account, please contact your wireless carrier's customer service department.
If you have any questions about Google Payments, you can contact Google Payments customer service.
Questions about products, for example Android apps, whose purchase was billed through the mobile phone provider should be directed to the app seller.
(f) Neither the carrier nor Google, GPL or Google Play is responsible for products, including apps, purchased through carrier billing.
This also applies to any errors, interruptions or delays in downloading or installation, use and transmission, as well as refunds, third-party advertisements in the product or app, changes to the way your device works through the app (for example, changes that affect the Your mobile provider's plan, service or billing) and any content or websites you may access through the app.
11.10 Subscription Purchases/Recurring Transaction Purchases:
(a) If the Service offers you the option to pay for subscriptions, your subscription will begin once you click "Accept & Purchase" or similar button as part of purchasing a subscription.
This is a recurring billing transaction and your account will be automatically charged at regular intervals.
Unless otherwise stated, your subscription and associated billing authorization are valid until canceled or revoked by you.
(b) By clicking on "Accept & Purchase" or a similar button, you authorize the respective seller to place a payment order for a payment transaction via your selected payment method in the amount of the purchase amount for each specified billing cycle of the subscription.
You also authorize the applicable seller to charge the alternative payment method for the purchase amount if the seller is unable to charge your specified payment method for any reason and you have selected an alternative payment method in your Google Payments account.
Unless otherwise stated in the Terms of Use, your selected payment method or alternative payment method (if any) will be charged the amount of your purchase on a recurring basis at the end of each billing cycle until you cancel your subscription.
The purchase amount may be changed by the seller during the subscription period.
(c) Your Payment Method will be charged the purchase amount for each billing cycle as determined on the date of Subscription purchase.
(d) You may cancel a subscription at any time as described herein.
However, the termination will only take effect after the end of the current billing period.
You will not receive a refund for the current billing cycle.
You can use the respective subscription until the current billing period has expired.
(e) We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion.
By issuing a refund or credit, we do not commit to paying out the same or similar refund in the future.
(f) You are entitled to a refund for an authorized payment transaction under a Subscription under the following conditions: (i) you request the refund within eight (8) weeks of the debit date of the payment transaction; (ii) at the time you authorized the payment transaction, the purchase order did not specify the purchase amount; (iii) the purchase amount charged exceeds the amount you could reasonably have expected based on your prior spending pattern, this Agreement and the circumstances of the case.
GPL may request from you additional information reasonably necessary to investigate the refund request.
A refund or reason for refusing a refund will be made within ten (10) business days of the refund request or, if GPL has requested additional information from you, within ten (10) business days of receipt of the information.
12. Not applicable
13. Permitted payment transactions
13.1 You may only use this Service to process a payment transaction for Products that you purchase through a lawful and bona fide purchase from a Seller, or to process donations if the Seller designates its primary product type as "non-profit" and is confirmed by GPL as a registered and certified non-profit organization.
The Service may not be used to process a payment transaction or otherwise transfer electronic money or monetary value to the Seller unrelated to the purchase of a Product.
The Service may also not be used to make charitable donations to a seller unless the seller designates its primary product type as "non-profit" or is not verified by GPL as a registered and certified non-profit organization.
13.2 The Service may not be used to obtain cash advances from Sellers or to purchase cash assets such as travelers checks, prepaid cards or money orders.
The Service may not be used for any of the following:
(a) Process payment transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of goods or services the sale or purchase of which is unlawful in the country in which you reside or in which you access this Service
(b) Process payment transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of goods or services the sale or purchase of which is unlawful in the country in which the seller is located or from which the seller accesses the Service
(c) Using the Service in connection with any other underlying transaction that is unlawful
13.3 You agree not to use the Service to process payment transactions in connection with Products that violate the Agreement, other policies or rules applicable to the Service, which may be updated periodically, or applicable laws.
The current policy defining the products and other transactions that may not be paid for through the Service can be found here.
Failure to comply with these restrictions may result in your temporary or permanent denial of use of the Service.
14. Service Fees, Foreign Currencies, Interest
14.1 GPL will not charge you any fees for using the Service.
However, you may be subject to taxes or fees imposed by third parties for your use of the Service.
For example, you acknowledge and accept that the financial institution or mobile operator that issues your Payment Instrument may charge you a fee in connection with debiting your Payment Instrument or crediting an amount to your Payment Instrument as a result of the Payment Process.
For more information about applicable fees, please see the terms of use for your payment method.
14.2 GPL does not carry out currency exchanges as part of the Service.
14.3 GPL will not charge you any interest for using the Service.
15. Disputes and service disputes
15.1 GPL provides various means of communicating with Sellers to resolve disputes that may arise in connection with a transaction processed through the Service.
If you are unable to resolve a dispute, GPL may act as an intermediary in a dispute between you and a seller if either party requests such assistance.
In this case, GPL will investigate the dispute and, if necessary, propose a non-binding solution.
For more information, see our frequently asked questions.
15.2 GPL may offer a feedback or other ranking system as part of the Service to assist you in evaluating the Service.
You understand that any such feedback or ranking system merely reflects the opinions of other users of the Service and does not constitute an opinion, representation or warranty by GPL with respect to other users of the Service.
15.3 For any dispute or claim - including service disputes - arising under the Agreement or as a result of GPL's provision of the Service, you should contact GPL's customer service in the first instance via Buyer Help.
Further information about the internal complaints procedures can be found here.
You can contact the Financial Ombudsman Service in German if you have any complaints that have not been resolved to your satisfaction.
This can be done by post: Financial Ombudsman Service, Exchange Tower, London E14 9SR, United Kingdom; by telephone: +44 800 023 4567 or +44 300 123 9123; via the website: http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk; and by email: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk or in German via: http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/help/german/ Ihre_Beschwerde_und_der_Ombudsmann.htm.
If you have complaints that have not been resolved to your satisfaction and would like to contact the Financial Ombudsman Service, you can also use the European Commission's online dispute resolution platform: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/ odr/main/?event=main.adr.show.
15.4 Alternative Dispute Resolution for Consumers
GPL has no obligation, whether on its own or otherwise, to resolve any dispute before an alternative dispute resolution panel.
An exception is GPL's obligation to resolve service disputes before the Financial Ombudsman Service in accordance with clause 15.3.
16. Refunds and Exchanges
16.1 Because you purchase E-Money through the Service and immediately spend it to purchase Products, no return of such E-Money is possible.
In the case of refunds from a seller or GPL, the e-money will be exchanged back and the corresponding amount will be credited to your payment method.
16.2 If there is still E-money in your account after termination of the Agreement, GPL will exchange the full amount of E-money without delay and transfer the amount to the bank account specified by you, once required anti-money laundering, anti-fraud and other checks illegal activities have been completed.
16.3 If the outstanding E-Money amount cannot be redeemed in accordance with clause 16.2, you have six (6) years from the termination of the Agreement to request the full redemption of the outstanding amount.
After this period, any electronic money in your account will become the property of GPL.
For the purposes of clause 16.3, the Agreement will terminate if you are no longer able to use your Electronic Money to carry out payment transactions, such as if your Account is blocked in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.
If your right to use your electronic money is restored within six (6) years, termination of the Agreement will not occur.
GPL may, in its sole discretion, reinstate your account and any associated electronic money amounts after the 6-year period has expired.
Redemption under this clause 16.3 is subject to the completion of appropriate anti-money laundering, anti-fraud and other unlawful activity checks.
You agree to provide the information requested by GPL in conducting this review.
16.4 Clause 16.3 does not contain any provision which in any way limits GPL's right to terminate the Agreement in accordance with Clause 19.4 and/or to redeem in accordance with Clause 16.2.
17. Your Liability
17.1 In the event of an unauthorized or incorrectly executed payment transaction, you will only be entitled to compensation in accordance with clause 17 if you notify GPL immediately after becoming aware of the relevant transaction and under no circumstances later than thirteen (13) months after the debit date of the amount.
The debit date is the date on which your payment method was debited with the corresponding amount.
However, this time limit does not apply if GPL has not provided the relevant transaction data as required by law (e.g. in your online account transaction history).
17.2 If you are entitled to compensation as a result of an unauthorized payment transaction, GPL will refund the amount resulting from any unauthorized payment transaction as quickly as possible and in any case no later than the end of the business day on which GPL becomes aware of such transaction and reset your account if applicable, in the state it would be in if the unauthorized payment transaction had not taken place.
In practice, this means that your account will be credited with an amount of electronic money identical to the value of the payment transaction.
This will then be exchanged and immediately credited back to your payment method.
If GPL has reasonable grounds to believe that your claim relating to an unauthorized transaction is fraudulent, GPL will first conduct an investigation before making a refund decision and will communicate the outcome of the investigation to you as quickly as possible.
17.3 If GPL has incorrectly executed a payment transaction, GPL will immediately refund the amount resulting from such incorrectly executed payment transaction and, if applicable, return your account to the status it would be in if the incorrectly executed payment transaction had not taken place.
At your request, GPL immediately tracks incorrectly executed payment transactions and informs you of the result.
17.4 If you have acted fraudulently in connection with your Account or have breached the Agreement intentionally or through gross negligence, you will be liable for all losses incurred as a result of unauthorized transactions; and if in such case a refund has already been made, GPL has the right to charge your account for the amount of the refund.
GPL may initiate an investigation before or after a refund for an unauthorized transaction.
18. No Endorsement of Products
18.1 GPL makes no representations and assumes no responsibility whatsoever regarding: (a) the safety, quality, accuracy, reliability, integrity or legality of any Products, or the truth or accuracy of the description of any Products or any Content displayed, distributed or sold through the Service or get paid; (b) your ability to purchase Products or the ability of Sellers to deliver Products to you.
18.2 GPL reserves the right, but is not responsible, to edit, modify, remove or refuse to post any Content, in whole or in part, that GPL, in its sole discretion, deems objectionable, inaccurate, unlawful, fraudulent or otherwise deemed to be in breach of the agreement.
19. Terminating Your Relationship with GPL
19.1 The Agreement is valid until terminated by you or GPL as set out below.
19.2 If you wish to terminate your legal agreement with GPL, you may do so at any time and at no additional cost as follows:
(a) You will notify GPL in accordance with clause 23.5. below and
(b) You close your account on the Service.
Your right to end the Agreement under this clause 19.2 also includes your statutory right to cancel under applicable law in accordance with Directive 2002/65/EC.
19.3 GPL has the right to terminate its legally binding agreement with you at any time without notice if one of the following cases occurs: (a) you have violated a material provision of the agreement or have clearly shown by your actions that you do not intend to do so or are not in the process are able to comply with the essential provisions of the agreement; (b) GPL is required by law to take this step, for example if the provision of the Service to you is or becomes unlawful.
19.4 Unless a shorter period permitted by law is specified in this Agreement, GPL may terminate the Agreement at any time upon two (2) months' notice.
19.5 Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights, obligations and liabilities that were applicable to you and GPL or which arose during the term of the Agreement or which are stated to have an indefinite validity shall not be affected by the termination.
The provisions of clause 24.6 continue to apply indefinitely to such rights, obligations and liability claims.
20. Disclaimer of Warranty
20.1 GPL, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their licensors make no express warranties or representations with respect to the provision of the Services.
20.2 GPL, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their licensors make no warranties or representations with respect to the following:
(a) Your use of the Services will meet your requirements.
(b) Your use of the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure and error-free.
(c) The information resulting from your use of the Services will be accurate and reliable.
20.3 The conditions, warranties and provisions, including the implied terms of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and conformity to the description, apply to the Services only to the extent expressly set out in the Agreement.
20.4 Nothing in this Agreement affects the statutory rights to which you are generally entitled as a consumer and which cannot be excluded or restricted by a contract.
21. Limitation of Liability
21.1 Nothing in the Agreement shall unlawfully exclude or limit GPL's statutory liability for losses.
In particular, nothing in the Agreement shall exclude or limit GPL's liability for:
(a) Death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or its agents, representatives or employees
(b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c) breach of any implied term of title or quiet possession and/or
(d) Misuse of Confidential Information.
21.2 Other than the liability for losses described in clause 21.1 above, GPL and its subsidiaries and affiliates (and their licensors) will not be liable to you for:
(a) Indirect losses and consequential costs incurred by you.
This includes loss of profits (whether direct or indirect), loss of goodwill or business reputation and loss of data.
(b) Any loss or damage suffered by you arising from: (i) Any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any Advertising and any reliance placed by you on any relationship or transaction between you and an advertiser or sponsor based, whose advertising appears on the GPL website; (ii) GPL changes to the Services and the permanent or temporary discontinuance of any Services or features of the Services; (iii) malfunction of the Services; (iv) deleting, corrupting or failing to store any communication data maintained or transmitted in connection with your use of the Service; (v) failure by you to provide GPL with accurate account information; (vi) Fraudulent use of the Services by you.
21.3 However, GPL will reimburse any fees or interest that you incur because GPL incorrectly processed a payment transaction or did not complete it at all.
22. Changes to the Agreement
22.1 You grant GPL the right to make changes to the Agreement as necessary.
GPL will provide you with two (2) months' prior notice of such changes, unless a shorter period permitted by law is provided in this Agreement.
To do this, an email will be sent to your email address before the changes are scheduled to take effect.
22.2 You acknowledge and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the changes unless you notify GPL to the contrary in accordance with clause 23.5 before the changes are scheduled to take effect.
In this case, the agreement will be terminated immediately and free of charge before the changes come into force.
You also have the right to immediately terminate the Agreement at any time prior to the effective date of the changes without being charged any fees.
22.3 Clause 22 does not in any way limit: (a) GPL's right to update and revise its policies or to add new features that you accept by using it, as necessary without notice, using the options used for such revisions Method, such as email communications or postings on a Google website, is at the discretion of GPL, or; (b) the right of the parties to vary the provisions of this clause 22 if the variation is not contrary to law and both parties agree to the variation.
22.4 A notice period of fourteen (14) days applies to the announcement of changes to a non-regulated service.
Changes can be announced via email.
23. Notices and Other Communications
23.1 All information is made available to you in an easily accessible manner and is written in easy-to-understand language with clear and understandable wording in German and/or English.
23.2 Notices, notices and other information may be communicated by post, email, postings on GPL's website or any other reasonable means.
23.3 GPL may communicate with you in connection with the Services using electronic communications, either (a) via email to your email address or (b) via notices or notices posted on the GPL website.
You agree to receive electronic communications from GPL relating to your use of the Services, including but not limited to: to the Agreement and to revisions and adjustments to the Agreement and to notices or announcements regarding the Services and payment authorizations.
The individual messages are handled as follows:
The agreement will be provided to you in a printable format upon registration.
Any subsequent changes to this Agreement will be sent to your email address.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you will receive notice of termination of the Agreement in the form of an email sent to your email address.
Payment and refund notifications are made available in the Google Payments Center in your online account's transaction history.
Notices of service suspension will be made available in the transaction history of your online account.
Information about declining payments and refunds will be made available to you in the transaction history of your online account.
23.4 You must keep copies of electronic communications by printing a copy or saving an electronic copy.
The delivery of information in electronic form assumes that you are able to print or save it.
23.5 All notices to GPL under this Agreement shall be sent by registered mail to the following address, addressed to "Google Payments Team": Google Payment Limited, 5 New Street Square, London EC4A 3TW, United Kingdom.
The following exceptions apply:
Notifications of loss, theft, unauthorized use or breaches of security should be sent immediately via Buyer Assistance.
Notices of termination of this Agreement should be sent via Buyer Help Center.
Notices in accordance with clause 22.2 should be sent via Buyer Help.
23.6 You can view your transactions free of charge by viewing the transaction history in your online account.
This is updated at least once a month.
You agree that you will not receive printed statements.
Starting July 13, 2018, you will receive a link to your online transaction history from GPL by email monthly and free of charge, unless you have separately notified GPL that you will not receive monthly statements by email and that your transactions will only be recorded in your transaction history want to access your online account.
We may, in our sole discretion, provide you with additional statements of your transactions on paper or otherwise upon request, although we may charge a reasonable administration fee.
23.7 If GPL needs to contact you in the event of suspected or actual fraud or security threats, GPL will send an email to your primary email address requesting that you contact GPL.
In addition, GPL may send an email to your secondary email address or an SMS to your phone number if these have been provided.
24. General legal provisions
24.1 The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall have no significance in the construction or interpretation of the Agreement.
24.2 References to laws or legal standards refer to the current version, taking into account any changes, additions or amendments that have occurred in the meantime.
24.3 Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all amounts mentioned herein are deemed to be in Euros.
24.4 The Agreement constitutes the entire legal agreement between you and GPL and governs your use of the Services.
This does not include any services that may be made available to you by GPL pursuant to a separate written agreement.
The Agreement completely supersedes all other prior agreements relating to the Services between you and GPL.
24.5 You agree that failure to exercise or enforce GPL's rights or remedies under this Agreement or under applicable law shall not constitute a formal waiver of such rights by GPL and that GPL shall continue to have such rights and remedies.
24.6 If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, such provision will be deleted from the Agreement without affecting the remaining provisions.
The remaining provisions of the Agreement remain valid and enforceable.
24.7 You may not transfer your services, rights or obligations under the Agreement to any third party by subcontract or otherwise without the prior written consent of GPL.
GPL may transfer its services, rights and obligations under the Agreement to a third party without notifying you or obtaining your consent, unless this results in a change in your rights in relation to payment services and electronic money provisions in the under this agreement.
In this event, GPL will notify you in accordance with clause 22.
24.8 You acknowledge and accept that each member of the GPL group of companies is a third party beneficiary of the Agreement and that each of such companies may directly enforce and enforce any clause conferring any benefit or rights on it.
Furthermore, no other person or entity is a third-party beneficiary of the Agreement.
24.9 The Agreement and your relationship with GPL under the Agreement are governed by German law.
You and GPL acknowledge that the courts of Germany have jurisdiction over legal matters relating to the Agreement.
Notwithstanding this clause 24.9, you agree that GPL shall be entitled to seek injunctive or equivalent relief in other jurisdictions.
