Google Terms of Service
If you are in Germany and access Google products or services targeted at Germany, please see our Germany Terms of Service.
Last modified on: April 30, 2014 (view archived versions)
Welcome to Google!
Thank you for using our products and services (“Services”).
The Services are made available to you by Google Inc. (“Google”), Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
By using our Services, you agree to these Terms of Use.
Please read these carefully.
We offer a variety of different services.
For this reason, additional conditions or product requirements may apply (e.g. a minimum age).
Such additional terms will be provided in connection with the applicable Services and will become part of your agreement with us upon your use of those Services.
Use of our services
You must comply with the policies that apply to our Services.
Do not use our services in an abusive manner.
For example, you may not interfere with the Services or access the Services in any way other than through the interface provided by Google and in accordance with our instructions.
You may only use our services to the extent permitted by law.
This also includes the legal provisions for export and re-export controls.
We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you violate our terms of use or policies, or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
By using our Services, you do not acquire any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access.
You may not use content from our Services unless you have the consent of the rights holder or are otherwise authorized to do so.
These Terms of Use do not grant you any right to use any trademarks, brand features or logos used in our Services.
Legal notices displayed on or in connection with our services may not be removed, obscured or altered.
Our services also display content that does not come from Google.
This content is the sole responsibility of whoever makes it available.
We reserve the right to review content for illegality or violation of guidelines.
We may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or applicable law.
This does not necessarily mean that we review content.
So don't assume that we will do this.
In connection with your use of our Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages and other information.
You can unsubscribe from some of these communications.
Some of our Services are available on mobile devices.
Do not use these services in any way that distracts you or prevents you from complying with traffic or safety regulations.
Your Google Account
To use some of our services you will need a Google account.
You can create your Google account yourself.
A Google Account may also be created for you and assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or school.
If so, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or deactivate your account.
Keep your password confidential to protect your Google Account.
You are responsible for the activities that occur in or through your Google Account.
Do not reuse your Google Account password on third-party applications.
If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or account, follow these instructions.
Data protection and protection of copyrights
Google's privacy policy explains how we handle your personal data and protect your data when you use our services.
By using our Services, you agree that we may use this information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and will terminate the accounts of repeat infringers in accordance with the process provided by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright owners exercise their rights online.
If you believe your copyright is being violated and would like to notify us, please see our help pages for information about submitting a notice and Google's notice policy.
Your content on our services
Some of our Services allow you to upload, post, store, send or receive content.
You retain all existing intellectual property rights to the content you post to our Services.
In short: what is yours remains yours.
When you upload or post content on or through our Services, or store, send or receive content on or through our Services, you grant Google (and those we work with) the right to use, host that content worldwide, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (including those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make to make your content work better on our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform , publicly display and distribute.
The rights you grant under this license are solely for the purpose of operating, promoting and improving our Services and developing new services.
This grant of rights remains valid even if you no longer use our services, e.g. B. for a business listing that you have added to Google Maps.
Some services allow you to access and remove content you have provided from that service.
On some of our Services, our use of the content you provide is limited by terms of use or settings.
Please ensure that you have the necessary rights to grant us an appropriate license for any content that you upload to our Services.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you with product features relevant to you, such as personalized search results, personalized advertising and spam and malware detection.
This analysis takes place when the content is sent, received and stored.
If you have a Google Account, we may display your profile name, profile picture, and the actions you take on Google or in third-party applications linked to your Google Account on our Services, as well as in ads and other commercial contexts.
This applies, for example, to pressing +1 buttons, to reviews you write and comments you post.
We respect the settings you make in your Google Account to limit sharing or visibility of content.
For example, you can choose to prevent your name and profile picture from appearing in ads.‌‍⁢⁡⁠‎⁣
For more information about how Google uses and stores content, please see our privacy policy or additional terms for specific services.
If you send us feedback or suggestions for improvements to our Services, we may use such feedback and suggestions for improvements without any obligation to you.
About software in our services
If use of a Service requires or includes downloadable software, such software may be automatically updated on your computer when a new version or feature is available.
Some services allow you to adjust auto-update settings.
Google grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable and non-exclusive right to use the software provided by Google as part of the Services.
This granting of usage rights serves the sole purpose of enabling you to use the services provided by Google in accordance with the terms of use listed here.
You may not reproduce, modify, distribute, sell or rent any portion of our Services or the software included therein.
In addition, you may not reverse engineer this software or attempt to extract its source code.
Exceptions only apply if they are permitted by law or you have written consent from Google.
Open source software plays an important role for us.
Some of the software used in our Services may be subject to an open source license, the terms of which we will make available to you.
The Open Source License may contain provisions that expressly override some of the provisions of these Terms of Use.
Modification and Termination of Our Services
We continually change and optimize our services.
For example, we may add or remove functions or features and also suspend or permanently discontinue a service.
You can stop using our services at any time, even if we regret it.
Google may suspend or impose additional or new restrictions on providing services to you at any time.
Your data belongs to you and we believe it is important that you have access to this data.
If we discontinue a service, we will, where reasonably possible, give you reasonable notice in advance and the opportunity to export your data from that service.
Warranty and Disclaimer
We provide our Services in a commercially reasonable manner and hope that you enjoy using them.
However, some things are not part of our service offering.
Except as expressly stated in these Terms of Use or in the Additional Terms, neither Google nor Google's suppliers or resellers make any specific representations with respect to the Services.
For example, we make no promises regarding the content in the Services, specific functionality of the Services, or the reliability, availability, or suitability of the Services for your purposes.
We provide the Services in their current form.
In some jurisdictions, certain warranties apply, such as the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from title.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all warranties.
Liability for our services
To the extent permitted by law, Google and Google's suppliers and resellers will not be liable for any loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss of data, financial loss, or any indirect, special, exemplary, consequential or punitive damages.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the aggregate liability of Google and Google's suppliers and distributors for all claims under these Terms of Use, including any implied warranties, is limited to the amount you paid to us to use (or re-supply) the Services the services if we choose this option).
In no event will Google, its suppliers or distributors be liable for any loss or damage that is not typically foreseeable.
We recognize that in some jurisdictions you may have statutory consumer rights.
If you use the Services for private purposes, these Terms of Use or the Additional Terms do not limit any statutory consumer rights that cannot be excluded by contract.
Use of our services in business
If you are using our Services on behalf of a company, that company accepts these Terms of Use.
Company will indemnify and hold harmless Google and its affiliates, officers, agents and employees from any suit or claim arising in connection with use of the Services or breach of these Terms of Use, including all claims and expenses arising from legal action , losses, damages, lawsuits and judgments, and court costs and attorneys' fees.
About these Terms of Use
Google may adapt these Terms of Use or any additional terms for a respective service to take into account, for example, changes to the legal framework or changes to our services.
You should therefore review these Terms of Use regularly.
We will post notice of changes to these Terms of Use on this page.
We will post notice of changes to Additional Terms within the applicable Service.
Changes will not apply retroactively and will take effect no earlier than 14 days after they are posted.
However, changes related to a new feature for a Service or changes for legal reasons are effective immediately.
If you do not agree to the revised terms of use of a service, you must stop using that service.
In the event of a conflict between these Terms of Use and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control on a case-by-case basis.
These Terms of Use govern the relationship between you and Google.
No claims or rights are created for third parties.
If you fail to comply with these Terms of Use and we do not take immediate action to comply, this will not mean that we are waiving any of our rights, such as the right to take action in the future.
If one of the provisions is ineffective, the remaining provisions remain unaffected.
Jurisdictions in some countries will not apply the laws of the State of California to some types of disputes.
If you reside in one of these countries, the laws of your country will govern any dispute relating to these Terms of Use, to the extent that California law is excluded.
Otherwise, you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or Services will be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its rules of private international law.
Likewise, if your jurisdiction does not permit you to submit to the jurisdiction or venue of courts located in Santa Clara, California, USA, for any dispute relating to these Terms of Use, your local jurisdiction will apply.
Otherwise, any claim arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or the Services will be litigated exclusively in federal courts or the courts located in the County of Santa Clara, California, USA, and you and Google consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
Information on how to contact Google can be found on our contact page.
