Terms of Use
Facebook Ireland Limited has changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
We have updated our Terms of Use, Data Policy and Cookie Policy to reflect the new name as of January 4, 2022.
Even under the new company name, we continue to offer the same products, including Instagram from Meta.
Our Data Policy and Terms of Use continue to apply, and the name change will not affect how we use or transmit information.
Learn more about Meta and our vision for the Metaverse.
Terms of Use
Welcome to Instagram!
These Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”) govern your use of Instagram, unless we expressly state that separate terms of use (and not this one) apply.
They also provide information about the Instagram service (the “Service”) as explained below.
If you create an Instagram account or use Instagram, you agree to these Terms of Use.
The Meta Terms of Service do not apply to this service.
Click here for a contract summary.
Here you will find further information that we are obliged to provide under the European Electronic Communications Code.
If you are a business based in the European Union and use Instagram Shopping to sell goods to consumers in the EU, you can learn more about your relationship with us in the Platform-To-Business Notice.
This notice supplements our Terms of Use.
The Instagram Service is one of the Meta Products provided to you by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
Therefore, these Terms of Use constitute an agreement between you and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
imprint
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.
Commercial registration number: 462932
How to reach us by email:
Network Enforcement Act (“NetzDG”)
For more information about NetzDG and how to report content that you believe is unlawful under NetzDG, please visit our NetzDG Help Center page.
Employees of law enforcement authorities can submit requests for information under the NetzDG via the online request system for law enforcement authorities.
The person authorized to receive service for administrative proceedings and civil court proceedings in accordance with Section 5 (1) NetzDG is: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Berlin), Potsdamer Platz 1, 10785 Berlin.
Copyright Service Provider Act (“UrhDaG”)
The person authorized to receive service in accordance with Section 20 UrhDaG for service in court proceedings is: Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB (Düsseldorf), Feldmühleplatz 1, 40545 Düsseldorf.
Note for the state media authorities
Official deliveries according to the MStV for Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
can be sent to: Facebook Germany GmbH, c/o Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Hohe Bleichen 7, 20354 Hamburg.
Ranking of content
Here we have provided information about the ranking of the content.
The Instagram service
We are committed to providing you with the Instagram Service.
The Service includes all Instagram products, features, apps, services, technologies and software that we provide to further Instagram's mission: bringing you closer to the people and things you love.
The service consists of the following aspects:
Offering personalized ways to create content, connect, communicate, discover and share.
People are different.
We want to strengthen your relationships through shared experiences that really matter to you.
That's why we develop systems to determine who and what is important to you and others.
We then use this information to help you create, discover and share content and engage you in experiences that matter to you.
This includes highlighting content, features, offers and accounts that may interest you and offering you ways to use Instagram based on the activities you and others do on and off Instagram.
Promote a positive, inclusive and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and provide resources to members of our community to help make their experiences positive and inclusive, including: when we think they might need support.
We also have teams and systems in place to combat abuse and violations of our terms of use and policies, as well as harmful and fraudulent behavior.
We use the information available to us – including your information – to ensure the security of our platform.
In addition, we may share information about abuse or harmful content with other meta companies or with law enforcement authorities.
Find out more in the data policy.
Develop and use technologies to help us consistently serve our growing community.
Organizing and analyzing information for our growing community is a core aspect of our service.
A large part of our Service is creating and leveraging cutting-edge technologies that help us personalize, protect and improve our Service on an extraordinary scale to a very large global community.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning enable us to apply complex processes to our Service.
Automated techniques also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.
Providing consistent and seamless experiences on other meta companies' products.
Instagram is one of the meta companies.
They share technologies, systems, insights and information with each other – including the information we have about you (more on this in the Data Policy) to provide better, safer and more secure services.
We also offer you options for interaction on all meta products you use.
We have also designed systems to achieve a seamless and consistent experience across all meta products.
Ensuring access to our service.
In order to operate our global service, we need to store and transmit data in our systems around the world, including to countries outside of the country where you live.
The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential for the provision of our service.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Meta Platforms, Inc., Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or their affiliates.
We connect you with brands, products and services in ways that are relevant to you.
We use data from Instagram and other Meta Company products and third-party partners to show you ads, offers and other sponsored content that we believe will be relevant to you.
We also try to make this content as relevant as all your other experiences on Instagram.
Research and innovation.
We use the information available to us to develop, test and improve our Service and to collaborate with others on research to make our Service even better and contribute to the well-being of our community.
This includes analyzing the data we hold about our users and understanding how people use our Services, for example by conducting surveys and testing and troubleshooting new features.
This is how our service is funded
Instead of paying to use Instagram, by using the Service to which these Terms of Use apply, you acknowledge that we may show you advertisements that we are paid by companies and organizations to promote within and outside of the Meta Companies' Products .
We use your personal data, such as: B. Information about your activities and interests in order to show you advertisements that are more relevant to you.
We show you relevant and helpful ads without advertisers knowing who you are.
We do not sell your personal information.
We give advertisers the opportunity to tell us, for example, what their business objective is and what type of audience they want to see their ads.
We then show your ad to people who might be interested in it.
We also provide advertisers with reports on the performance of their ads to help them gain insights into how people are engaging with their content on and off Instagram.
For example, we provide advertisers with general information about demographics and interests to help them better understand their audience.
We do not share information that directly identifies you (information such as your name or email address, which by itself can be used to contact you or directly identify you) unless you you give us your express consent to do so.
Learn more about how Instagram ads work here.
You may see branded content on Instagram posted by account holders promoting products or services based on a relationship with the business partner mentioned in their content.
For more information, click here.
The data policy
Providing our service requires us to collect and use your information.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use and share information across all Meta Products.
It also describes the many ways you can control your information, including: in Instagram privacy and security settings.
Your obligations
In consideration for our commitment to providing the Service, we require you to make the following commitments to us.
Who can use Instagram.
We want our service to be as open and inclusive as possible, while still being safe, secure and legally compliant.
For this reason, in order to be part of the Instagram community, you must commit to adhering to a few restrictions.
You must be at least 13 years old.
You may not be barred from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable law.
Additionally, you may not be prohibited from engaging in payment-related services if you appear on a valid rejected parties list.
We may not have previously disabled your account for violating our policies.
You cannot be a convicted sex offender.
You are not allowed to use Instagram like this.
We must all do our part to ensure we can provide a safe and open service to the wider community.
You may not impersonate someone else or provide inaccurate or false information.
Although you are not required to reveal your identity on Instagram, you are required to provide us with accurate and current information (including registration information).
This may also include you providing us with personal information.
Additionally, you may not impersonate someone or something that is not you, and you may not create an account for someone else unless you have their express consent.
You must not do anything that is unlawful, misleading or fraudulent or for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You may not violate (or assist or encourage others to violate) these Terms of Use or our policies, including without limitation the Instagram Community Guidelines, Meta Platform Terms of Service and Developer Guidelines and Music Guidelines.
If you post Branded Content, you must comply with our Branded Content Guidelines, which require you to use our Branded Content Tool.
Learn how to report behavior or content in our Help Center.
You may not do anything that disrupts or impairs the intended operation of the Service.
This includes, among other things: abusing any reporting, dispute or dispute mechanism, such as submitting knowingly false or unfounded reports or disputes.
You may not attempt to create accounts or access or collect information through unauthorized means.
This includes, among other things: creating accounts or collecting information by automated means without our express consent.
You may not sell, license, or buy any accounts or data obtained from us or our Service.
This includes, among other things: Attempt to buy, sell, or transfer any part of your account (including your username), solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges from other users, or unlawfully solicit or collect Instagram usernames, passwords, or access keys to use.
You may not post another person's private or confidential information without permission or do anything that violates another person's rights, including intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit or pirated goods).
You may, where appropriate, use another person's work subject to the exceptions or limitations of copyright or related rights provided by applicable law.
You represent and warrant that you own or have obtained all necessary rights to the content you post or share.
Further information, including: How to report content that you believe violates your intellectual property rights can be found here.
You may not modify, translate, create derivative works of, or reverse engineer our products or their components.
You may not use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.
You grant us these permissions.
As part of our agreement, you also grant us permissions that we need to provide the Service.
We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it.
Nothing changes regarding your rights to your content.
We do not claim ownership of your Content that you post on or through the Service.
So you can share your content with others wherever you want.
However, in order to provide the Service, we require certain legal permissions (a so-called “license”) from you.
If you share, post or upload content protected by intellectual property rights (such as photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable and worldwide license to use your content ( in accordance with your privacy and app settings) to host, use, distribute, modify, perform, copy, publicly perform or display, translate and create derivative works from, so that we can provide the Instagram Service .
This license terminates when your content is deleted from our systems.
You can delete content individually or all at once (by deleting your account).
To learn more about how we use information and how you can control or delete your content, please read the Data Policy and visit the Instagram Help Center.
Use of your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships with and actions with accounts, advertisements, and sponsored content.
Your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as subscriptions) may appear alongside or in connection with accounts, advertisements, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or interact with , displayed on Meta Products, will be used without any compensation to you.
For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that paid us to display their ads on Instagram.
As with actions related to other content and subscribers to other accounts, actions related to sponsored content and subscribers to sponsored accounts can only be seen by those authorized to view the relevant content or subscribers.
We also take your ad preferences into account.
Learn more about your ad settings here.
You agree that we may download and install updates to the Service on your device.
Additional Rights We Reserve
If you choose a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we believe it is appropriate or necessary (for example, if the username or identifier infringes someone's intellectual property rights or is deemed to be a n other user).
When you use content that is protected by intellectual property rights that we own and that we make available in or on our Service (e.g. images, designs, videos or sounds provided by us that you add to content you create or share ), we retain all rights in relation to our content (but not in relation to your content).
You may not use our intellectual property and trademarks or similar marks unless expressly permitted by our Brand Guidelines or with our prior written consent.
You must obtain our written consent or permission under an open source license to modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract any of our source code.
Removal of content and deactivation or suspension of your account
We may remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe it violates these Terms of Use or our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), or if we are required to do so by law.
To protect our community or Services, we may immediately refuse or stop providing all or part of the Service to you (including suspending or disabling your access to the Meta Products and Meta Companies' Products).
This includes if you pose a danger or legal risk to us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), if you repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others, or if we are required to do so by law.
We may also terminate or modify the Service, remove or block content or information shared on our Service, or stop providing all or part of the Service if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid adverse legal or regulatory consequences for us avoid or reduce.
If we remove content, we will, in some cases, notify you and provide you with any opportunity to request further review, unless you have materially or repeatedly violated these Terms of Use or our notification could cause harm to us or others legal liability, harm our community of users, impair or disrupt the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or products, or we are prevented from doing so due to technical limitations or are prohibited from doing so for legal reasons.
If you believe your account has been terminated in error or you would like to deactivate or permanently delete your account, you can find help in our Help Center.
If you request deletion of content or your account, the deletion process will begin automatically no later than 30 days after your request.
Deleting content can take up to 90 days after the deletion process has started.
During the deletion process, the relevant content will no longer be visible to other users but will remain subject to these Terms of Use and our Data Policy.
After content is deleted, we may need up to an additional 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery systems.
Our right to termination for good cause remains unaffected.
An important reason exists in particular if one party violates obligations, laws, third-party rights or data protection guidelines resulting from these terms of use, and the terminating party, taking into account all the circumstances of the individual case and after weighing up the interests of both parties, the continuation of the contractual relationship until the agreed termination date or cannot be reasonably expected until the expiry of a notice period.
Termination for good cause is only possible within a reasonable time frame after becoming aware of the violation.
If the important reason is a violation of an obligation in these terms of use, termination is only permitted after the unsuccessful expiry of a granted remedy period or after an unsuccessful warning.
However, a deadline for remedy is not necessary if the other side seriously and definitively refuses to fulfill its obligations or if, after weighing up the interests of both parties, special circumstances justify immediate termination.
If you believe your account has been terminated in error, or you would like to deactivate or permanently delete your account, you can find help in our Help Center.
In the following cases, content will not be deleted within 90 days of starting the account or content deletion process:
if your Content has already been used by others in accordance with this License and they have not deleted it (in which case this License will apply until the Content is deleted); or
if deletion is not possible within 90 days due to technical limitations of our systems (in which case we will complete the deletion as quickly as is technically feasible); or
if deletion would restrict us from taking the following measures:
Investigate or detect illegal activities or violations of our terms of use and policies (e.g., to detect or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
Ensuring the protection and security of our products, systems and users;
Fulfillment of a legal obligation, e.g. B. Preservation of evidence; or
To comply with a request from a court or administrative, law enforcement or other authority;
in such a case, the content will only be stored for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was originally stored (the exact duration depends on the individual case).
If you delete your account or we deactivate it, these Terms of Use will terminate as an agreement between you and us, but this Section and the following section, “Our Agreement and What Happens if There is a Disagreement,” will survive any termination, deactivation, or deletion of your account.
Our agreement and what happens if there is disagreement
Our agreement.
Your use of music on the Service is also governed by our Music Policies, and your use of our API is governed by our Meta Platform Terms of Service and Developer Policies.
When you use certain other features or related services, you will be given the opportunity to agree to additional terms and conditions, which will also become part of our Agreement.
For example, if you use payment features, you will be asked to agree to the Community Payment Terms.
If any such Terms of Use conflict with this Agreement, such other Terms of Use shall prevail.
If any aspect of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in effect.
Any modification or waiver of our Agreement must be in writing and signed by us.
Our failure to enforce any aspect of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of rights.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Who has rights under this Agreement.
This Agreement does not grant any rights to any third party.
You may not transfer your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations may be assigned to others.
This could e.g. This may occur, for example, if our ownership changes (such as in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets), or by operation of law.
Who is responsible if something happens.
We are only liable to the following extent: We are liable without limitation in accordance with the statutory provisions; for damages resulting from injury to life, body or health; with intent; in the event of gross negligence; and in accordance with the Product Liability Act.
Without limiting any of the above provisions, we will only be liable for ordinary negligence in the event of a breach of a “material” obligation arising from this agreement. “
“Essential” obligations in this sense are obligations that are necessary for the performance of the agreement, the breach of which would jeopardize the purpose of the agreement and on whose compliance you can rely.
In these cases, liability is limited to typical and foreseeable damages; in other cases there is no liability for slight negligence.
Handling Disputes.
If a claim or dispute arises out of or in connection with your use of the Service as a consumer, we agree that you will release your respective claim or dispute that you have against us, and we will release our claim or dispute that we have with you any court in the country of your primary residence that has jurisdiction over the claim or dispute and that the laws of that country will apply without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
If any claim or dispute arises between us that relates to your use of the Service in any other capacity, including but not limited to: accessing or using the Service for any business or commercial purpose, you agree that any such claim or dispute must be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland and that Irish law will apply, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Unsolicited material.
We always welcome feedback or other suggestions, which we can use without any restrictions or obligation to compensate you.
Furthermore, we are not obliged to treat it confidentially.
Updating these Terms of Use
We may change our Service and policies and may then need to make changes to these Terms of Use so that they correctly and accurately reflect our Service and policies.
We will only make changes if the provisions are no longer applicable or incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable for you, taking your interests into account.
Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you of the changes and the choices available to you at least 30 days before we update the Terms of Use (for example through our Service) and give you an opportunity to review them before they come into force.
If you continue to use the Service thereafter, you will be bound by the updated Terms of Service.
If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms of Use, you can delete your account here.
Revised: January 4, 2022
