Effective August 11, 2020
LinkedIn's mission is to connect specialists and managers worldwide in order to help them become even more productive and successful.
Our services are designed to unlock economic opportunity for our members by giving you and millions of other professionals and executives the opportunity to meet, exchange ideas, learn, discover professional and business opportunities, find collaborators and make decisions in a reliable network.
Table of contents:
Introduction
Duties
Rights and restrictions
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
completion
Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
Terms and Conditions
What you can and cannot do on LinkedIn (“Do’s and Don’ts” or rules of conduct)
Complaints about content
contact
1 Introduction
1.1 Contract
By using our services, you agree to all of the terms and conditions.
Your use of our Services is governed by our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
This describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information.
You agree that you are entering into a legally binding contract with LinkedIn (including when using our Services on behalf of a company) when you click on "Login Now", "Join LinkedIn", "Register" or similar Register on LinkedIn, access or use our Services (as described below).
If you do not agree to this agreement (“Agreement” or “User Agreement”), you should not click “Join Now” (or similar) or access our Services in any way.
If you wish to terminate this Agreement, you may do so at any time by closing your Account and no longer accessing or using our Services.
Services
This Agreement applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn Apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-affiliated websites, apps, communications and other services that indicate that they are offered under this Agreement (“Services”), including the offsite Data collection for services such as our advertisements and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share on LinkedIn” plug-ins.
Registered users of our services are “members” and unregistered users are “visitors”.
LinkedIn
You are entering into this agreement with LinkedIn (also referred to as “we” or “us”).
With the term “designated countries” we refer to the countries in the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) as well as Switzerland.
If you are a resident of “Designated Countries,” you are entering into this Agreement with LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”), and LinkedIn Ireland will be the controller of your personal information provided to, collected by, or collected through our Services are processed in connection with them.
If you are located outside of the “Designated Countries,” you are entering into this agreement with LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn Corp.”).
from, and LinkedIn Corp.
will become the controller of your personal data provided to, collected for, through or processed in connection with our Services.
This Agreement applies to Members and Visitors.
As a visitor or member of our Services, the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy (including our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy) and any updates thereto.
1.2. members and visitors
When you register, you become a member of LinkedIn.
If you do not register for our Services, you may access certain features as a “Visitor.”
1.3 Change
We have the right to make changes to this contract.
We have the right to change this Agreement, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.
If we make any material changes, we will notify you through our Services or by other means so that you have an opportunity to review the changes before they take effect.
We accept that changes cannot be made retroactively.
If you do not agree to any changes, you may close your account.
Your continued use of our Services after we have posted our changes to these Terms or notified you of such changes will constitute your acceptance of the updated Terms as of their effective date.
2. Duties
2.1 Access to the Services
In this contract you guarantee us, among other things: the following about:
You are entitled to enter into this contract and have reached the required “minimum age”.
The Services are not intended for use by minors under 16 years of age.
To use the Services, you agree that: (1) you are of the “Minimum Age” (as set forth below); (2) you maintain only one LinkedIn account created using your real name; and (3) you are not already restricted by LinkedIn from using the Services.
Creating an account using false information is a violation of our Terms; This also includes accounts opened in the name of others or for people under the age of 16.
The “minimum age” is 16 years old.
However, if the law requires that you be older in order for LinkedIn to lawfully provide you with the Services (including use of your information) without parental consent, "Minimum Age" means the applicable older age.
2.2 Your Account
You will keep your password secret.
You will not share an account with others and will abide by our Terms and the law.
Members are account owners.
You agree that: (1) you will choose a strong password, keep it secret and keep it confidential; (2) you will not transfer any part of your account to anyone else (such as contacts); and (3) you will comply with the law, the LinkedIn Code of Conduct (what you can and cannot do on LinkedIn), and the Community Guidelines.
You are responsible for all actions taken through your account unless you have closed the account or reported abuse.
As to the relationship between you and other parties (including your employer), your account belongs to you.
However, if the Services were purchased by another party for your use (for example, a Recruiter license purchased by your employer), the party paying for the Services has the right, but shall control, access to the Services and your use of such paid Services have no rights in connection with your personal account.
2.3 Payment
You comply with your payment obligations and agree that we store your payment information.
Please note that fees and taxes may be added to our prices.
Our policy applies to refunds.
If you purchase our paid services (“Premium Services”), you agree to the additional terms and conditions for those paid services and agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes.
Failure to pay these fees will result in your paid services being terminated.
You further agree to the following:
Your purchase may be subject to foreign exchange fees or price differences based on location or foreign exchange rates.
We may store and charge your payment method (e.g. credit card) even after it has expired to avoid interruption to our Services and to use it to pay for other services you may purchase.
If you purchase a membership, your payment method will automatically be charged the applicable fees and taxes for that period at the start of each membership period.
Please cancel before the renewal date to avoid future charges.
Find out how to cancel or suspend your Premium Services.
All purchases of Services are subject to LinkedIn's refund policy.
We calculate the taxes you pay based on the invoice information you provide to us at the time of purchase.
You can obtain a copy of your invoice via your account settings on LinkedIn under “Transaction Summary”.
2.4 Notices and Messages
You agree that we may send you notices and messages through our websites, apps and contact information.
If the contact information you have provided is not up to date, you may not receive important communications.
You agree that we may provide notices and messages to you in the following ways: (1) within the Service or (2) to the contact information you have provided to us (e.g. email address, mobile phone number, postal address). .
You agree to keep your contact information current.
Please review your settings to control and limit the messages you receive from us.
2.5 Share
When you share information on our Services, other people may see, copy and use that information.
Our Services allow you to share news and information in many ways, including through your profile, articles, group posts, links to news articles, job postings, messages and InMails.
Information and content that you share or post may be seen by other members, visitors or third parties (including outside of the Services).
We respect the choices you make about who can see what content or information (e.g. the contents of your messages, content shared with LinkedIn contacts, the visibility of your profile to search engines, or whether you want others to be notified of updates to your profile).
By default, we do not notify your network or the public of job search activities.
This means that if you apply for a job or indicate that you are interested in a job through our Services, we will only share this with the job advertiser.
We are under no obligation to post any information or content on our Service and may remove it with or without notice.
3. Rights and Restrictions
3.1. Your license for LinkedIn
All content, feedback and personal information you provide to us is your property.
However, you grant us a non-exclusive license to such material.
Who sees your data and content and how it may be used for advertising purposes is entirely your decision, which we respect.
As between you and LinkedIn, you own the content and information you submit to or post on the Services, and you grant LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:
The worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute information and content you provide through our Services and third party services without further consent from you or notice and/or compensation to you or third parties publish and process.
These rights are limited as follows:
You may terminate this license for specific Content by deleting such Content from the Services or closing your account, with the understanding that (a) other people may have copied, shared, or stored the Content shared on the Services, and ( b) that we have a reasonable period of time to remove this content from backup and other systems.
We will not include your content (including Sponsored Content) in advertisements for third-party products and services directed at other people without your separate consent to do so.
However, we reserve the right to display advertisements alongside your content and information without compensation to you or any third party.
As noted in the Privacy Policy, your social actions may be visible and included in advertisements.
When you use a feature of a Service, we may mention it with your name or photo, depending on your settings, to promote that feature on our Services.
We will obtain your consent if we want to give other people the right to publish your content outside of our Services.
However, if you share a post “publicly,” we enable a feature that allows other members to embed that public post in third-party services, and we enable discoverability of that public content through search engine services.
Learn more
Although we may edit your content and make formatting changes (for example, by making translations or transcriptions, changing the size, layout or file type, or removing metadata), we do not change the meaning of your contributions.
Because you own your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it, you may make that content and information available to others, for example under a Creative Commons license.
You and LinkedIn agree that content containing personal information is subject to our Privacy Policy.
You agree that LinkedIn may access, use and store any information and personal data you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).
By sending suggestions or other feedback regarding our Services to LinkedIn, you agree that LinkedIn may (but is not obligated to) use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.
You agree to only provide us with information and content that you are permitted to pass on to us.
You also warrant that the content of your LinkedIn profile is accurate.
You agree to only provide content and information that does not violate the law or infringe the rights (including intellectual property rights) of any other person.
You also agree that your profile information is accurate.
LinkedIn may be required by law to remove certain information or content in certain countries.
3.2 Availability of the Services
We reserve the right to modify or discontinue any services or change our prices in the future.
We reserve the right to change, suspend or terminate any part of our Services.
We also reserve the right to change our applicable prices in the future, subject to reasonable notice, to the extent permitted by law.
We have no obligation to store or continue to display information and content posted by you.
LinkedIn is not a storage service.
You agree that we have no obligation to make available to you a copy of, and to store or retain, any content or information you or anyone else provides, except as required by applicable law and as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
3.3 Other Content, Websites and Apps
You use other people's content and information posted on our Services at your own risk.
Third parties may offer their own products and services through LinkedIn.
We are not responsible for such third party activities.
By using the Services, you may be exposed to content or information that may be false, incomplete, late, misleading, unlawful, offensive or otherwise harmful.
As a general rule, we do not check the content provided by our members or third parties.
You agree that we are not responsible for any third party content or information (including that of other members).
We cannot always prevent this misuse of our services.
You agree that we are not responsible for any such misuse.
You also understand that if we inform your contacts and followers that you or your company have been featured in the News, you or your company may inadvertently be linked to content about third parties.
Members can make appropriate settings for this function.
LinkedIn may help members who provide services (e.g. career advice, accounting, etc.) connect with members seeking such services.
LinkedIn neither performs these services itself nor employs anyone else to perform these services.
You must be at least 18 years old to offer, perform or use these services.
You understand that LinkedIn does not supervise, direct, control or monitor its members in the performance of these services, and you agree (1) that LinkedIn is not responsible for offering, performing or procuring these services is; (2) that LinkedIn does not endorse any services offered by a particular Member; and (3) no employment, agency or joint venture relationship is created between LinkedIn and any member providing services.
If you provide services as a Member, you represent and warrant that you have all necessary licenses and will provide your services in accordance with LinkedIn's Community Guidelines.
Similarly, LinkedIn may assist you in registering for and/or attending member-hosted events and connecting with other members participating in such events.
You agree (1) that LinkedIn is not responsible for the conduct of members or other participants in such events, (2) that LinkedIn does not recommend in any way any particular event listed on our Service; (3) that LinkedIn does not rate and/or review such events; and (4) that you will comply with the terms and conditions applicable to such events.
3.4 Limitations
We have the right to restrict your use of our services.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of contacts and the ability to contact other members.
LinkedIn reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if you violate this Agreement or the law or misuse the Services (e.g., by violating the Rules of Conduct or Community Guidelines).
3.5 Intellectual Property Rights
We draw your attention to our intellectual property rights.
LinkedIn reserves all intellectual property rights in the Services.
The trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners.
The LinkedIn trademark, the “In” logos, and other LinkedIn trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used on our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of LinkedIn.
3.6 Automatic processing
We use data and information about you to make relevant suggestions to you and others.
We use the information and data provided by you and (other) members to provide recommendations about contacts, content and features that may be useful to you.
For example, we use data and information about you to recommend jobs to you or recommend you to recruiters.
With a current and accurate profile, you help us make these recommendations relevant and accurate.
4. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
4.1 Disclaimer of Warranty
We hereby declare that we are not liable for the quality, safety or reliability of our services.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE SERVICES AND DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
THE SERVICES (INCLUDING CONTENT AND INFORMATION) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, ACCURACY OF DATA, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
4.2 Disclaimer
These are the limitations of liability that may apply to you.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW (AND UNLESS LINKEDIN HAS ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT THAT REPLACES THIS AGREEMENT), LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, DAMAGE TO REPUTATION (E.G., OFFENSIVE OR OFFENSIVE). OWN STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (E.G. DOWNTIME OR LOSS OF OR CHANGES IN YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT) OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
LINKEDIN AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY AMOUNTS EXCEEDING (A) THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES PAID OR PAYABLE BY YOU TO LINKEDIN DURING THE TERM OF THE AGREEMENT, IF ANY, OR (B) $1,000 EXCEED.
4.3 Basis of the agreement; Exclusions
The limitation of liability in this paragraph 4 is part of the basis of the agreement between you and LinkedIn and applies to all liability claims (such as those relating to warranty, tort, negligence, contract or statute) and even if LinkedIn or its affiliates have the possibility such damages have been notified and if these remedies do not fulfill their intended purpose.
These limitations of liability do not apply in the event of death or personal injury, fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct, breach of a cardinal duty, the latter being a duty which is a condition of our provision of the Services and upon which you may rely, but only insofar as the damage arose directly from the violation and was foreseeable when this contract was concluded and insofar as it concerns typical damage in connection with this contract.
5. Termination
Either party may terminate this Agreement, but certain rights and obligations will survive termination.
Either you or LinkedIn may terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying the other party.
Upon termination, you will lose your right to access or use the Services.
After termination, the following continues to apply:
We may use and disclose your feedback.
Members and/or visitors have the right to further share content and information that you have shared via the Services.
Sections 4, 6, 7 and 8.2 of this Agreement.
All amounts owed by either party to the other prior to termination will continue to be owed upon termination.
You can visit our help section to close your account.
6. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event that litigation should arise, LinkedIn and you agree to litigate in the courts of California, USA, applying Californian law, or in the courts of Dublin, Ireland, applying Irish law.
This paragraph is not intended to deprive you of any consumer protection rights required by law in the country in which we provide the Services to you and in which you habitually reside.
If you live in the Designated Countries: You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that the laws of Ireland, excluding its conflict of law provisions, will govern any dispute relating to this Agreement and/or the Services.
You and LinkedIn Ireland agree that claims and disputes may be litigated only in Dublin, Ireland, and both parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of Dublin, Ireland.
For all other persons outside of the Designated Countries, including those residing outside of the United States: You and LinkedIn agree that the laws of the State of California, United States, excluding its conflict of law provisions, will govern any dispute relating to this Agreement and/or the Services .
You and LinkedIn agree that claims and disputes may be litigated only in the federal and state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and LinkedIn consent to personal jurisdiction in such courts.
7. General Conditions
Here you will find important information about the contract.
If a court having jurisdiction over this Agreement finds any part of the Agreement to be unenforceable, you and we will consent to the court amending the Terms to make that part enforceable, without changing the intent thereof.
If the court is unable to do so, both parties agree to request the court to remove the unenforceable portion and continue to enforce the remainder of this Agreement.
This Agreement (including additional terms and conditions that we will notify you of when you use certain features of the Services) is the only agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements regarding the Services.
Our failure to take action to address a breach of this Agreement will not mean that LinkedIn has waived its right to enforce this Agreement.
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or your membership or use of the Services) to any person without our permission.
However, you acknowledge that LinkedIn may assign this Agreement to its affiliates or to any party that acquires the Company without your authorization.
There are no third party beneficiaries of any kind in this Agreement.
You acknowledge that you will only send legal notices to us to the addresses set out in Section 10.
8. What you are allowed to do and not do on LinkedIn (“Do’s and Don’ts” or rules of conduct)
8.1 What you may do
LinkedIn is a community for specialists and managers.
These Rules of Conduct and the Community Guidelines limit what you can and cannot do within our Services.
You agree to the following statements:
You will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, data protection laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export regulations, tax laws and regulatory requirements.
They provide us with correct information and ensure that it is always up to date.
You use your real name in your profile.
You use the Services in a professional manner.
8.2 What you must not do
You agree that you will not:
Create a false identity on LinkedIn, misrepresent your identity, create a member profile for anyone other than yourself (an individual), or use or attempt to use another person's account;
Develop, support, or use any software, devices, scripts, robots, or other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plug-ins and add-ons, and other technologies) to scrape the Services or otherwise obtain profiles and other data from the Services copy;
override security features or override or circumvent other access controls or usage restrictions (such as search query or profile view restrictions);
Copy, use, disclose, or distribute information obtained through the Services directly or through third parties (such as search engines) without LinkedIn's permission;
disclose information unless you have permission to do so (such as confidential information of others, including your employer);
Infringe the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights; For example, do not copy or distribute others' contributions or other content without their permission (other than through the available sharing functionality), unless they provide permission to do so by publishing under a Creative Commons license;
Violate LinkedIn's intellectual property or other rights, including, but not limited to, (i) copying or distributing our learning videos or other materials, or (ii) copying or distributing our technology unless authorized under a open source license, or (iii) use of the word “LinkedIn” or our logos in any company name, email or URL, except as provided under the Trademark Guidelines;
Post anything that contains software viruses, worms or other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decrypt or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Services or any related technology other than open source;
Give the impression that you are affiliated with or recommended by LinkedIn without our express permission (for example, impersonating a LinkedIn trainer);
Rent, lease, lend, trade, sell/resell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data, or obtain access to the Services or related data without LinkedIn's consent;
Deep-link to our Services without LinkedIn's permission for any purpose other than to promote your profile or promote a group on our Services;
Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, and send or redirect messages;
Monitor the availability, performance and functionality of the Services for competitive purposes;
Engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or functionality of the Services;
Obscure or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (such as by adding elements to the Services or removing, obscuring or concealing any advertising present on the Services);
Interfere with the operation of the Services or impose an unreasonable burden on them (for example, through spam, denial of service attacks, viruses, gaming algorithms);
Violate the Community Guidelines or other terms and conditions relating to a particular service provided when you register for or begin using such service or, where applicable, violate the Bing Maps Terms.
9. Content Complaints
Important information if you wish to report complaints about content provided by our members.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
Accordingly, this Agreement requires that information posted by Members is accurate and does not infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties.
We provide a policy and procedure for complaints about content posted by our members.
10. Contact Us
Our contact details.
Our help section also contains information about our services.
For general inquiries you can contact us online.
You can send legal notices or service of process to these addresses.
