MyHeritage - Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions were last updated on April 18, 2020.
If you haven't checked them since that date, please do so now.
The German translation of our Terms of Use shown below is not the binding version.
It only serves for information and better comprehension.
The English version of the Terms of Use represents the legally binding version.
Welcome to MyHeritage
MyHeritage is an online service that allows members to create family pages and profiles, share and print their family trees and family photos, stay in touch with family members, perform DNA testing, obtain genetic analysis, and engage in scientific research to participate and research family history using advanced research tools (the “Service”).
The Service is owned by MyHeritage Ltd. (
Hereinafter "MyHeritage", "we", "our" or "us") and is operated by it. "
You” or “Your” means an adult user of the Service over the age of 13 (in some countries the minimum age is 14, see the “Minor Users” section below).
Use of the Service and/or the MyHeritage website (the “Site”) is subject to compliance with the Terms and Conditions set forth herein.
Please read them carefully as by using the Website you are bound by these Agreements and are entering into an agreement with us whether or not to register as a member of MyHeritage based on these Terms and Conditions (the "Agreement") (" Member").
The MyHeritage website (the “Site”) is part of a group of websites that we own and operate (the “MyHeritage Site Group”), which includes MyHeritage. *
Websites on other top-level domains and Geni.com.
This Agreement applies to use of the Service, including but not limited to: a) submitting samples for DNA extraction and processing, b) uploading a digital version of your genetic information exported from another DNA service, c) receiving and interacting with the genetic genealogical analysis provided by the Website; the “DNA Genealogy Services”); d) receiving, viewing and interacting with genetic health analyzes (the “DNA Health Services”); and e) downloading your raw DNA data (collectively, the “DNA Services”).
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Service includes the DNA Services for all purposes of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to any term of this Agreement, please do not use the Service or the Site.
We reserve the right to change any terms and conditions from time to time in our sole discretion, and such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted on the Site.
You agree to be bound to any changes in this Agreement if you continue to use the Service after any such change is posted.
The service
MyHeritage family sites
MyHeritage allows you, as a member, to create and publish content on MyHeritage family sites and allows you to control and restrict access to such content by other users of the MyHeritage group of websites.
Given the nature of the Service, please carefully select the information you wish to post on MyHeritage Family Sites and refrain from posting any unlawful or inappropriate content.
We will not edit or monitor User Provided Content, but we reserve the right to remove any User Provided Content that comes to our attention and that, in our sole discretion, violates this Agreement.
By way of illustration, without limitation, you should not post, transmit, send or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Service any of the following information:
Photographs and other content containing nudity, sexual acts, pornography, indecency, bad taste, violence and/or any other offensive subject matter.
Any content that may violate the right of privacy or confidentiality of any other person, including any members in your family tree.
Our service allows you to make special privacy settings regarding individual names, dates, email addresses and other personally identifying information.
Please take advantage of these opportunities and respect other people's privacy.
Any photos or email addresses of living people (other than yourself), if done without their consent.
Information concerning minors or children that identifies them, their personal details or address and other means of communication, without the direct consent of their parents or legal guardians.
Content that you do not own or do not have the right to use.
Content that interferes with and/or violates the proprietary or other rights of others, including copyrights and trademarks.
We are extremely sensitive to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of others.
Please be aware that content, including photos, even if submitted to a site of which you are a member, belongs to its author or submitter and you should not reproduce it without the permission of the owner.
Content that is obscene, indecent, defamatory, derogatory, fraudulent, humiliating, abusive, hateful, false, misleading, inaccurate, untrue, malicious, offensive, harassing, threatening or incites racial, religious or ethnic hatred.
Content that worries, annoys, frightens, offends, embarrasses or distresses anyone,
Content that affects ongoing legal proceedings that you are aware of; are unlawful or promote or teach unlawful acts.
Computer viruses, other malicious or dangerous code.
Content that violates our privacy policy.
You must not:
Impersonate someone else or misrepresent your identity or status.
As an employee or representative of MyHeritage Ltd.
or one of its subsidiaries.
Stalk, harass, or persistently and regularly contact other users without their consent or encouragement, or after the express or implied withdrawal of such consent or encouragement.
Send commercial emails, spam emails, unsolicited direct mail or other emails that may harass the recipient.
Use our website or service in a way that could damage our name or reputation.
Interfere with or restrict any other person from using the Site or the Service.
Misuse any part of, use of or access to the website for commercial purposes.
Engage in any activity that requires payment in any way by members or users of Family Sites or any other area of ​​MyHeritage.
Advertise or offer for sale any products or services without our express permission (in which case you must comply with the terms and conditions set by us for these activities).
Include links on our website or service that point to third party websites outside of the MyHeritage Website Group.
Without our express and prior written consent, you may not copy, electronically store, make available, distribute, sell, offer for sale or systematically download content and data from our website or any part thereof or any content to create or use other databases for any purpose fill up.
The reading, scanning and/or exploitation of any data and pages from the website without our express and prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
Except with express prior written consent, the resale of MyHeritage products (including, without limitation, MyHeritage DNA kits) is strictly prohibited.
It is strictly prohibited to purchase a MyHeritage DNA kit and then sell it to someone else.
Activities on the Site that come to our attention and that we determine violate any applicable laws will be reported to the appropriate authorities.
On a MyHeritage family site, members share their content with other members.
This can lead to conflict situations between members.
The following policies apply to all MyHeritage members, including you:
Members must obtain permission from living family members before uploading information about them to the Family Page, and if they do so without their permission, it is the responsibility of the Family Page owner - the member who created the Family Page.
If we receive a complaint from an individual or close relatives of an individual about information that is on a Family Site against their will, we reserve the right to delete that information even against the will of the Family Site owner.
In the event of a dispute with the owner of a Family Site, we have the right, at our option, to terminate their membership and remove them from the Service.
If the member in question is a subscriber, we will refund the subscription fee paid to that member.
The right of a relative not to appear on the family page outweighs the right of the owner of the family page to list that relative on the family page.
If an individual finds personal information entered by another member on a Family Site and wishes to have it removed, that individual should submit an email request to privacy@myheritage.com and give us up to one week to process the request let.
We will first try to resolve the dispute amicably by contacting the owner of the family site who entered this information or is responsible for it and give them time to respond.
Copying information or photos from other family sites without the permission of their owners is prohibited and members who do so risk being banned from the service at the discretion of MyHeritage Ltd.
Information or photos from external websites and services and their publication on family sites requires the prior authorization of the owner of the content in question.
Inviting other members to your Family Page or granting their membership requests allows those members to access the Family Page and may copy portions of it.
If this occurs, it is the responsibility of the family site owner or member who issued the invitation or accepted the membership request, and not MyHeritage Ltd.
If the invitation or membership application was created incorrectly or was approved, the owner of the family site can remove this member and thereby prevent access to the family site.
Family pages are open to visitors by default, but the details of living family members in the tree are hidden from them, with the exception of their last name.
For maximum privacy, family site owners can set the site to private, set photo albums to private, and turn off Smart Matching™ on their family trees.
Smart Matching™ is a service for discovering matches between your family tree and other family trees, but this advantage also comes with a privacy disadvantage; Owners of other family pages can view parts of your family tree that match theirs (except for living people in your family tree who do not appear in the other family tree, which remain hidden).
If this concerns you, you will need to turn off Smart Matching™ by clicking "My Privacy" on your family page in your account drop-down menu at the top right of the website, then clicking "Content" under the desired family page, the "Smart Matching" option ™ on MyHeritage" and then click on the "Save" button.
If you leave Smart Matching™ turned on for your tree, you are responsible for allowing other members to view parts of your tree.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to post any contributions from you and/or any content posted through Family Sites, for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without any liability, financial or otherwise or remove it or restrict, suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website and/or the Service.
We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, at any time, with or without notice, and without liability of any kind, financial or otherwise, to reject, refuse to post, or remove any Family Page if we believe that the respective family side violates this agreement in any way.
Once you upload, post or publish content, including family trees and photographs, to the Site, it will be accessible to anyone who has access to that site or any other site within the MyHeritage group of sites, subject to the permission settings under your control.
Depending on your permission settings, other website users may view, copy, download, save, edit, change or delete certain content that you have posted.
You agree that other users may access your family site and make additions, removals or other changes.
Information that you have posted is displayed and is visible and accessible, viewable or audible to others.
You can delete content that you have previously posted on the website; However, if others have previously downloaded or otherwise saved copies of them, they can still remain publicly viewable.
Other users may contact you about your posted content through our website.
We will send you an email notification if you receive a new message on our website.
You can adjust your email preferences in the “My Account” section of the Site if you do not wish to receive such notifications.
DNA-Services
This section applies to the DNA Services, including, without limitation, ordering a MyHeritage DNA test kit, submitting DNA samples to us, the acceptable use of such samples and any DNA markers resulting therefrom or submitted by you to the Site, Nucleotides, mutations or haplogroups (“DNA Results”), the results of the genetic analysis of the DNA Results containing the DNA matches and estimates of ancestry (collectively, the “DNA Reports”), and your rights, responsibilities and limitations regarding your use of the DNA Services.
Please note that in order to use the DNA Services, you must register as a member on the Website, but it is not necessary to become a Subscriber to use the DNA Services.
Your use of the DNA Services is subject to this Agreement and the MyHeritage Privacy Agreement.
The DNA Genealogy Services are currently not available to residents of the following locations: Israel, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria ("DNA Genealogy Restricted Locations").
DNA Health Services cannot currently be provided to persons residing in any of the following territories: Israel, France, Germany, the US states of Rhode Island, New Jersey and New York, as well as Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria (“Regions with DNA Health Restrictions”).
By authorizing the DNA Services, submitting a DNA sample for testing, or uploading or transmitting DNA results to the Site, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older and are not a resident of the Restricted Locations for DNA Genealogy or the Restricted Sites for DNA Health as set forth above, and you represent that you have read and understood the Agreements and agree to this Agreement and to the collection and use of your DNA sample and DNA results and agree to our calculation and provision of applicable DNA reports.
Furthermore, you represent that any DNA sample you submit and any information you transmit or upload that associates an individual with his/her DNA result, either your DNA or or, solely with respect to the use of DNA Genealogy Services that are those of a person for whom you are a legal guardian or have legally obtained permission to provide their DNA to us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, use of the DNA Services is prohibited for law enforcement purposes, forensic investigations, criminal investigations, cold case investigations, identification of unknown deceased persons, locating relatives of the deceased using cadaveric DNA and/or any similar purposes strictly prohibited unless an appropriate court order has been obtained.
It is our policy to resist law enforcement investigations to protect the privacy of our customers.
All provisions contained herein apply to DNA results produced using the MyHeritage DNA tests as well as DNA shared through direct upload to the Site, data transfer from another DNA testing service, or other means , with which you provided us with your DNA information.
By submitting DNA samples to MyHeritage, you give MyHeritage permission to extract the DNA from the samples directly or indirectly, to carry out genetic analyzes using DNA methods available today and those that may be developed in the future, the results of the tests carried out for providing the relevant DNA reports to you and, solely in relation to the DNA genealogy reports, including to others you authorize to disclose, and storing the samples for further genetic testing (i.e. we may in the future through additional genetic testing may provide more detailed and accurate DNA results, DNA reports and other results, in each case subject to and in accordance with this Agreement and the Privacy Rules and your express consent) and to enable you to download the DNA results.
You acknowledge that if you download your DNA results: 1) such download will create a copy that is not protected by MyHeritage's security and privacy settings; 2) Downloading and storing your DNA results once downloaded is at your own risk; and 3) MyHeritage has no control over the DNA Results downloaded and will not be liable to you or any third party in connection with such download and/or storage.
We do not claim to have any ownership rights to the DNA samples, the DNA results and/or the genetic genealogy and genetic health information contained in the DNA reports.
Any genetic genealogical and genetic health information, Any genetic information derived from the DNA samples, or contained in the DNA results and/or the DNA reports, continues to belong to the person from whom the DNA was collected, solely with the rights granted to MyHeritage in this Agreement.
Furthermore, you understand that providing DNA samples and/or DNA results does not grant you any rights to any research or any commercial products that may be developed by us that relate to your DNA.
If requested by you, we will destroy the DNA samples you provide.
To request destruction of the DNA samples, please contact us using the “Contact Us” details in the section below.
In addition, you may delete your DNA results and DNA reports from the Site at any time, using the delete function from the Manage DNA Kits page on the Site, or request that MyHeritage Customer Service do so for you.
By submitting DNA samples to us and/or DNA results to the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide license to use your DNA samples, the DNA results solely for the purposes of the DNA genealogy services of any DNA samples and /or -Results that you provide to persons from whom you have been authorized in accordance with this paragraph and the DNA results reports at least to the extent necessary to enable us to provide this service to you.
The license you grant to us is non-permanent and revocable because you have the right at any time to permanently remove your DNA results and reports from our website and to request that we destroy your DNA.
You hereby release us from any and all claims, liens, demands, actions or proceedings relating to the DNA Test, DNA Samples, DNA Results and/or DNA Reports, including, without limitation, errors, omissions, claims due to defamation, breach of privacy, right of publicity, emotional distress or economic loss.
This section will remain in effect even if you cease using the Site or the DNA Services.
You confirm that the submission of a DNA sample from you is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside.
You also agree that you have the authority to provide the representation in this Agreement under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which you are located and that you expressly consent to the exercise of legal remedies under any laws or waive regulations regarding DNA samples, DNA results and/or DNA reports and their storage by the state or jurisdiction in which you reside.
You agree that the DNA samples will be stored in the United States as provided in this Agreement.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, block or refuse to publish any DNA reports and/or DNA results submitted to us by you or by us following processing of a DNA sample to remove or restrict, or terminate this Agreement or your access to all or any part of the DNA Services at any time or for no reason, with or without notice and without liability.
In such cases, if you purchased a MyHeritage DNA kit from us and we exercised this right, we will refund you.
Eligibility
Use of and membership in the DNA Services is void where prohibited by law.
You may only use the DNA Services if you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and have the legal capacity to form a binding contract with us.
Do not use the DNA Services if your use violates any applicable local, state or national law or regulation where you reside.
By authorizing the DNA Services, you represent that (a) the DNA samples and/or DNA results you submit belong to you or to someone solely with respect to the DNA Genealogy Services for which you have lawful authorization share sample and/or DNA results; (b) you are eighteen (18) years of age or older; and (c) your use of the DNA Services does not violate any applicable laws or regulations.
If minors use the DNA Genealogy Services, receive DNA Services, that minor's parents or guardians will be held responsible for the minor's actions.
If you are submitting a DNA sample from a minor, solely for the purposes of the DNA Genealogy Services, you must be the parent or legal guardian of the minor and confirm this in writing in a format acceptable to us if we do so prior to issuing DNA Request results and DNA genealogy reports for the minor in question.
If you have reason to believe that you have an active infectious disease, condition or disorder, please do not return your sample to us until that disease or illness is no longer contagious or has been cured.
Your DNA sample may not be processed, your DNA results and DNA reports may be deleted, and your membership may be terminated without notice if we believe that this Agreement, or any part thereof, has been violated or breached.
Conditions
This section applies to the DNA Services currently in use.
You may remove the DNA results associated with your account from the profile to which you or we uploaded them at any time for any reason.
We may remove your DNA results and/or DNA reports and/or terminate your membership at any time without notice.
Even after membership is terminated, the proprietary rights set forth in this Agreement will remain in effect.
Non-commercial use by members
The DNA Services are intended for the personal, private and informational use of Members and may not be used in connection with any commercial or research activities except those specifically endorsed or approved in writing by us.
Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the DNA Services, including collection of DNA results and/or DNA reports, is prohibited.
We reserve the right to protect and enforce all rights associated with the DNA Services offered.
Prohibiting the use of the DNA Services, DNA results and/or DNA reports in legal proceedings
The use of the DNA Services, including the DNA Results and/or the DNA Reports, in legal proceedings or in support of claims in court or out of court is prohibited.
In terms of genetic genealogy, the purpose of DNA services is to find distant relatives.
DNA services, including DNA results and/or DNA reports, may not be used to identify direct descendants (maternity or paternity) of a person and do not constitute valid evidence of direct descent.
DNA services, including DNA results and/or DNA reports, are based solely on statistical estimates and are inadequate means of providing conclusive results regarding a person's direct descendants.
Proprietary Rights in the Content
a. We do not claim ownership of the DNA samples, the underlying DNA results or any of the DNA results that you submit through the DNA Services and the genetic genealogy and health information in the DNA reports.
After submitting DNA results to the Site or after sending a DNA sample, you continue to retain and have all ownership rights to the DNA sample and the applicable DNA results and genetic genealogical and health information contained in the DNA reports Right to use your DNA results and DNA reports in any way you choose.
By submitting a DNA sample and/or submitting DNA results to the Website, you hereby represent that you have the right to grant MyHeritage the right to provide, use, modify, reproduce the DNA results and the DNA reports exclusively distribute and create on and through the DNA Services for commercial and non-commercial purposes and the divisions of MyHeritage (and its successors and affiliates).
b. The DNA Services contain DNA results and DNA reports from users, members and other licensors.
Except for Content that originates from you or that is expressly permitted by a user's privacy settings, you may not copy, modify, translate, publish, transmit, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any Content on or through the Website and/or the DNA Services appear.
DNA samples and DNA results; DNA reports
You are solely responsible for the DNA samples you submit to MyHeritage, all DNA results, materials and information you submit to us and our members through any DNA Service, and for any interactions with other users.
MyHeritage does not control or endorse any actions resulting from your participation in the DNA Services.
Therefore, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any liability with respect to any actions resulting from your participation in the DNA Services.
We make no warranties, express or implied, regarding the DNA results and DNA reports or as to the accuracy, reliability, correctness, completeness and quality, timeliness, error-free nature, acceptability, security or suitability for the purpose of the website or the DNA Services or of DNA reports.
By using the DNA Services, you acknowledge that you may receive information that you did not expect from the DNA results and from the DNA reports, which may evoke strong emotions and have the potential to change your life and your worldview to change.
You may discover things about yourself that worry you but that you cannot control or change (e.g. your father is not genetically your father, or your ethnicity is not what you thought, or surprising facts related to your ancestry, or that you are a have an above-average risk of developing an incurable disease such as Alzheimer's disease).
Once you receive this information, the knowledge is irrevocable.
You should not assume that any information we may be able to provide to you now or as genetic research advances will be welcome or positive.
These results could have social, legal or economic implications.
You further acknowledge that your use of the DNA Services and receipt of the resulting DNA reports may have serious consequences not only for you, but also for your immediate or other family members because they share some of your DNA.
If you are in any way concerned about any potential impact, DO NOT use the DNA Services.
Genetic information you share with others could be used against you.
You should therefore be careful when disclosing information to third parties.
Even if you share with others genetic information that has no or limited meaning today (such as DNA results or DNA health reports), that information may become more important in the future as new discoveries are made.
In the future, companies or insurance companies may request such information from you.
In the USA, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) came into force in 2008.
Other states and countries – but not all – also have laws protecting individuals with regard to their genetic information.
You may want to consult an attorney to determine the extent of the legal protection of your genetic information before sharing it with anyone.
If you export your DNA health data from MyHeritage and upload it to a third-party service provider for health analysis, genetic information that was not shared with you through MyHeritage and that MyHeritage has not validated may be disclosed.
MyHeritage assumes no responsibility for such data as the DNA data may be misnamed regarding some variants.
You bear the sole risk of exporting DNA data from MyHeritage and uploading it to a third-party service provider.
More about DNA health services
You may only use DNA Health Services if you are at least 18 years old.
Health questionnaire
Before we provide you with the DNA health reports, we use a questionnaire to collect certain information about your health and that of your family members (information in the health questionnaire or health questionnaire).
Based on the information provided in the health questionnaire, we will be able to determine your eligibility for one or all of the DNA health reports (which may, in rare cases, be refused or made public) and, if you are eligible for one or all of the DNA health reports Thanks to the information provided in the health questionnaire, we will also properly provide you with the DNA health reports and provide you with the relevant notifications.
Therefore, you must fill out the health questionnaire completely.
Before you provide information about third parties, you must obtain the appropriate consent of those people about whom you wish to provide information in the health questionnaire.
We will retain and use the information in your health questionnaire in accordance with our privacy policy.
New questions and topics can be added to the health questionnaire if new information is required to update your DNA health reports or to create new reports.
In such a case, we are entitled to send you an email regarding this.
You can delete or edit the information in your health questionnaire by contacting our customer service.
For further information, please see the data protection regulations.
Genetics are only part of the picture
Based on the assessment of specific genetic variants, DNA health reports provide genetic risk information but do not reflect your complete genetic profile.
The DNA Health Reports do not detect all genetic variants that are associated with a particular disease, and the absence of a tested variant does not rule out the presence of other genetic variants that may be associated with the disease.
In addition, for most diseases, the genes we know are only responsible for a portion of the overall risk.
Other factors such as environment and lifestyle can affect the risk of developing a particular disease and may be more important predictors depending on the disease.
If your data shows that you do not have an increased genetic risk for a disease or illness, you should still not feel safe.
The opposite is also true: If your data indicates that you have an increased genetic risk for a disease or condition, this does not mean that you will actually get that disease or condition.
All findings in the DNA health reports should be confirmed and supplemented with additional medical and clinical tests and information.
Do not rely solely on DNA health reports
The purpose of DNA Health Reports is not to independently diagnose, prevent or treat any disease or condition, to inform you of your current health status without medical or clinical data, to serve as a basis for medical decisions, including the Deciding whether or not you should take a medication including the appropriate dosage.
In addition, you may need to seek additional services from your doctor, genetic counselor or other health care provider to achieve better results with respect to the diseases or conditions indicated in your DNA health reports.
The DNA Health Services do not provide medical advice or care, do not constitute the practice of medicine by MyHeritage, or create any other patient-health care provider relationship between MyHeritage and you.
The DNA Health Services are for research, informational and educational purposes only.
Use of any information provided as part of the DNA Health Services (including information we may determine for you from your DNA Health Report and scientific literature or research that gives you a cause of action) is at your sole risk.
You should not consider the DNA Health Reports as a substitute for visits to a doctor or other health care provider, professional medical advice, diagnosis, advice or treatment from a personal physician or other qualified health care provider who is concerned with your health in the broader context of a health care provider medical treatment can be considered.
If you have any doubts or questions about your DNA health reports, or if you have any questions about the diagnosis, cure, treatment, mitigation or prevention of any disease, illness or disability, or if you have any questions or doubts about your medical condition or health, you should consult a doctor or other professional Ask a medical professional for advice.
Genetic research is not comprehensive and is constantly progressing.
Please note that many of the genetic insights that may emerge from the DNA Health Reports have not been clinically confirmed and the technology we currently use (the same that the research community uses) has not been widely used for clinical testing.
Likewise, due to technical variations in our testing device, some DNA Health Reports or some variations in a particular DNA Health Report may not be available to you.
The risk presented per variant may be calculated based on ethnic groups that do not match or are not relevant to your own ethnic group and therefore may not accurately reflect this risk to you.
In the future, the scientific community may conclude that previous studies are incomplete or inaccurate, and future scientific studies may change the interpretation of your DNA results.
As scientific knowledge advances, our DNA health reports may change and reflect different results in the future.
For example, we can change the set of variations that we consider to be part of your genetic predisposition to a particular disease.
In addition, we can assign different values ​​or classes to these variations, so that variations that are considered harmful will be considered benign in the future and change your DNA health report.
Another example is that we can change the estimated risk level for a particular disease.
After we provide you with the health reports, we may also add diseases and conditions to the diseases and conditions that were listed on the purchase initiation pages when you ordered the DNA health reports.
Other companies that offer a genetic risk test may be able to detect different genetic variants for the same disease, so you might get different results if you use a test from another company.
We may also use different mathematical tools and statistical frameworks to analyze the presence of variation or your level of risk.
We reserve the right to update your DNA health reports based on new information, data or scientific evidence.
We also reserve the right to notify you if your DNA health report has been changed.
Receiving genetic health information can cause anxiety in some people.
That is normal.
If you are very anxious, you should speak to your doctor or other healthcare professional before providing your DNA sample to DNA Health Services.
Before submitting your DNA sample, we recommend that you speak to a genetic counselor, a healthcare professional who specializes in genetic diseases, or a licensed medical geneticist and obtain comprehensive information so that you can better decide whether a DNA test is for you is the right thing.
Please note that DNA results or DNA health reports that you share with your doctor or other health care provider may be included in your medical record and may therefore be available to other health care providers or insurance companies in the future.
If an insurance company asks you if you have genetic information about your health and you do not disclose it, this could constitute fraud.
Our laboratory is licensed as a clinical laboratory in Texas, however not all jurisdictions require licensure for our DNA healthcare services.
We therefore do not have approval to carry out genetic testing for health or disease-related purposes in all states, federal states or international authorities.
Additionally, we do not offer our DNA healthcare services in certain jurisdictions because we do not have the necessary licenses.
To fulfill orders from customers residing in the United States, we require a doctor's order to create and distribute DNA health reports to customers.
We work with an independent network of fully licensed medical specialists and genetic counselors, PWNHealth, LLC (www.pwnhealth.com) ("PWNHealth"), to provide medical oversight of the MyHeritage DNA Health Test.
For PWNHealth's review by a physician and genetic counselor, your personal information, including health questionnaire information, DNA results and DNA health reports, will be disclosed to PWNHealth with confidentiality.
The PWNHealth service fee is collected by MyHeritage on behalf of PWNHealth and is included in the total price of the DNA Health Services.
MyHeritage's DNA health test has not been cleared or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
According to the FDA, this test is not subject to any FDA inspection prior to its release into the market.
You agree to indemnify MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, affiliates and all third parties acting on our behalf and their agents, representatives, partners and employees, from any and all losses, liabilities and claims, including reasonable attorneys' fees arising from or arising out of your use of or access to the DNA Services.
Use of data
Members or those otherwise using the Site and/or the DNA Genealogy Services may use another Member's DNA Genealogy Reports only to the extent permitted by the Member's privacy settings and solely to the DNA Genealogy Reports. Genealogy reports are limited to other members.
If you collect and/or publish such DNA results and/or DNA reports on any other website or application or otherwise use them outside of the DNA Services, please note that the DNA results and/or DNA reports are subject to the Terms and policies of such other websites and/or applications and that such use is entirely at your own risk.
Privacy and security.
For details of our privacy policy, please see Privacy Policy
Limitation of Liability
Without derogating from the "Limitation of Liability" section (in the "Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Liability" section), please note that the DNA Services are controlled from our facilities in the United States.
We make no representations that the DNA Services are appropriate or available for other locations.
Those who obtain or use the DNA Services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Other areas of the website
As a member, you have the right to post content to other areas of the site, such as the support forum.
You can also post comments about content from other users.
We reserve the right to remove any content or posting - with or without notice and without liability of any kind, financial or otherwise - that we believe, in our sole discretion, violates this Agreement in any way.
MyHeritage backup service
MyHeritage offers an optional data backup service for an additional subscription fee.
This Backup Service is subject to this Agreement and additional terms and conditions specific to the Backup Service.
Limited user license
You are hereby authorized to use the Service and its content solely for your personal use and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "License").
The Service is neither intended nor licensed for commercial purposes.
We reserve the right to cancel the Service or any part thereof at any time.
You may not download any or all portions of any feature of the Service or any portion of the public areas of the Service.
Online or other republication of content in the public areas is prohibited.
Violation of this license may result in immediate termination of your membership and may result in legal action for injunctions, damages and/or other injunctions.
You may use the Service and any software provided by the Service only online and may not download, copy, reuse or distribute such software unless it is clearly stated in connection with such software that it is for offline use -Use is provided and that a license is provided for use in connection with this software.
copyright
Except with respect to the DNA Services noted above, by posting Content on the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to house, copy, post and distribute such Content.
The integration of MyHeritage's matching process with our partners such as RootsMagic, Family Historian, Aldfaer and Coret Genealogie does not involve the publication of any content.
The matching information transmitted to us by our partners' software and websites will not be used by us for any purpose other than matching and will never be published, sold or licensed to third parties.
We do not obtain a license for such information and such information is not collected by us and it is automatically deleted after calculation.
Our partners' users may receive Smart Matches (family tree matches) with our users, but such matches are not two-way: our users do not receive Smart Matches with our partners' users and cannot see their data.
All content posted on the Site, other than user-submitted content, DNA results, DNA samples and genetic information in the DNA reports, is the property of us or of third parties who have granted us a limited license to such content .
Content posted on Family Sites is owned by the person who created the Content, is under the control of the manager of the Family Site where it was submitted, and is hosted by us under the terms of the Agreement.
MyHeritage is protected by copyright pursuant to the United States and Israeli copyright laws, international conventions and other applicable copyright laws.
You may not modify the application code of our Software and the Applications in any way.
You will not adopt, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembly or hacking of any application, downloadable component or portion thereof provided by us.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act („DMCA“)
We will respond to clear notices pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”) alerting us of alleged copyright infringement.
The DMCA provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law.
To learn more about the DMCA, please visit the U.S. Copyright Office website at https://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf.
If you are a copyright owner, or an agent thereof, and have a good faith belief that any content hosted on the Site infringes your copyright, you may submit a notification pursuant to the DMCA to our Designated Copyright Agent, either by mail to: Copyright Agent for Notice, Attention: Legal Department, MyHeritage, PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel, or by email to: copyright@myheritage.com.
Notices must comply with the then-current legal requirements of the DMCA.
Please include the following information in your message:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed by the material(s).
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been subject to unauthorized use, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the Site are reported by a single notification, a representative list of such works.
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit MyHeritage to locate the material (Providing URLs are the best way to quickly find content).
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit MyHeritage to contact the complaining party, such as: B. an address, telephone number and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party can be contacted.
• A statement by the complainant that he or she has a good faith belief that the said use of the works is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
If you are unsure whether you own the rights to a particular work or whether the material you have reported is actually infringing, please contact an attorney or other advisor as MyHeritage cannot provide legal advice.
Please note that false accusations may result in penalties under the DMCA.
Marketing our services
By ordering the Service, you agree that we may use your contact information to offer you MyHeritage products or services that are complementary to the product or service you originally ordered from us.
Such promotional offers may be made by email, telephone or post.
If you do not wish to receive promotional offers by email, you can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe link provided in the email or by setting your email preferences.
See the email preferences section of our privacy policy.
If you do not wish to receive promotional offers by telephone or mail, please contact us at privacy@myheritage.com or tell a MyHeritage representative.
Fees and Payment Terms
Subscriptions
MyHeritage offers payment-based subscription plans in addition to the basic free plan, which include: Premium Family Site Plan, PremiumPlus Family Site Plan, Data Plan and the Complete Plan.
All subscriptions are automatically renewed to ensure uninterrupted service.
This means that once you become a subscription member, your subscription will be automatically renewed and charged according to your chosen payment method, based on your subscription duration.
Unless you refuse consent or cancel in accordance with the following instructions in this Agreement.
Due to US regulations, payment-based subscription plans and purchases are currently unavailable to residents of the following locations: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, North Korea, Lebanon and Syria.
All physical goods and deliverable items purchased from us become part of a delivery contract.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our release to the carrier for delivery.
1. Waiver of extensions
You can cancel any of your subscription renewals by logging in and using the My Purchases page (select the relevant subscription, click "View Details" and then click "Cancel Annual Renewal").
On this page, select the appropriate subscription, press "View Details," and then select "Cancel Annual Renewal."
Or call +1-844-994-1888 (toll-free number in the US).
See the Contact Us page for additional phone numbers from other countries).
Unless you let us know that you do not want to continue your subscription at least one day before the end of the current subscription period, the billing will be carried out for the next renewal period of the subscription.
2. Free trial subscriptions
Free trial subscriptions will only be charged at the end of the free trial period.
You can cancel a free trial subscription at any time during the free trial period via My Purchases, so you will not incur any additional costs.
On this page, select "Data Subscriptions" or "Full Subscription", click "View Details" and select "End Free Trial Now" for the selected subscription.
To start the free trial phase, your payment information is required.
By providing payment information and accepting our Terms and Conditions, you agree that MyHeritage will automatically make annual charges to the paid subscription after the free trial period.
Visa card holders will be informed by email 7 days before the free trial period expires.
3. Refund Policy
MyHeritage values ​​customer satisfaction and therefore offers a 30-day money-back guarantee.
If you are not satisfied with your purchased subscription, you can request a full refund by contacting customer service within 30 days of the subscription purchase date.
The money-back guarantee applies to MyHeritage subscriptions (Premium, PremiumPlus, Data or Complete subscriptions) and does not apply to shipped products such as MyHeritage DNA kits and family tree posters.
All refunds will be processed to the original credit card used to make the purchase.
Please allow a reasonable amount of time for payment to reach you or be credited to your account.
4. Prices are subject to change
Prices may be adjusted by MyHeritage from time to time.
The current prices can be found here: price list.
Depending on which country you live in, prices may be subject to additional taxes and customs fees.
After each payment, MyHeritage will send you an email with details of the purchase and the invoice amount.
5. Renewal of price-locked subscriptions
Subscriptions purchased with a price lock guarantee (“Price Lock Subscriptions”) will renew at the same price at which they were originally purchased.
Changes in subscription prices do not affect the renewal price of price-locked subscriptions.
If you have a price-locked subscription, you will be charged the same price on the renewal date for as long as you keep the subscription.
If you cancel a price-locked subscription by ending its renewal and allowing it to expire, there is no guarantee that you will be able to purchase it again in the future at the same price.
Payment for DNA Services
If you are not already registered with MyHeritage, you will need to register with MyHeritage when ordering a DNA test kit.
Registration is free.
You must retain your login details to access your DNA results and DNA reports on the website.
1. Ersatz
If you experience any of the following, please contact us using the contact details in the "Contact Us" section below and we will send you a new replacement DNA test kit, free of charge, to the address we have on file at the time of purchase have:
The DNA testing kit did not reach your shipping destination within thirty (30) days of purchase.
The DNA testing kit has not reached our laboratory within thirty (30) days from the day you sent it.
You have received a damaged DNA test kit.
2. Cancellations and Refunds
If you cancel the DNA test kit order before the DNA sample has arrived at our laboratory, you are entitled to a refund.
To cancel your refund and complain, you must contact us via the "Contact Us" section.
The refund includes the cost of the DNA test kit, but does not include shipping costs, customs duties or import taxes.
All refunds will be made back to the original credit card used to make the purchase.
Please allow a reasonable amount of time for the refund to be credited to your account.
We do not issue refunds for DNA testing kits that are already being processed in our laboratory or have already been processed.
Once a DNA sample has been submitted to our laboratory and checked in, no portion of the full cost of the DNA testing kit will be refunded.
Note that scientific proceedings can sometimes be delayed for a variety of reasons.
Testing times may vary depending on laboratory volume and biological sample quality.
The expected delivery dates of the results are therefore forecasts and not a guarantee of delivery.
The laboratory may not be able to process your sample and the laboratory process may result in errors.
If testing of your DNA sample fails, we will send you a new DNA testing kit at no additional cost so that you can provide us with a new DNA sample.
The DNA test kit will be sent to the address we have on file at the time of purchase.
Even for processing that meets our high standards, a small, unknown portion of the data generated during the laboratory process may be uninterpretable or incorrect (“Laboratory Errors”).
Because this possibility is known in advance, users are not entitled to a refund if these laboratory errors occur.
4. Price Changes
Prices may be changed by MyHeritage from time to time.
Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
Disclaimers
a. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall MyHeritage, its officers, agents, representatives, employees, licensors and affiliates be liable for any false or inaccurate information in connection with the Service, whether provided by users of the Site , Members, our advertisers or collaborators, or by any device or program used in connection with or in the operation of the Website or Services.
MyHeritage is not liable for any implications of the DNA results and/or DNA reports, whether correct or incorrect.
b. MyHeritage and its licensors and affiliates are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any member or other user of the Site.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will we be liable for any loss or damage, including lost data, personal injury or death, or invasion of privacy as a result of any disclosure of information, arising from any use of the Website or of the Service, as well as as a result of information on the website or in the transmission of members or other users or from any interactions between or among members or other users of the website, whether online or offline.
c. The information, products and services included in the Services and the Website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes to the content are made continuously.
d. MyHeritage assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, or communications of any user or member; and is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunctions of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website, or any combination thereof responsible.
MyHeritage and its affiliates are not responsible for any injury or damage to computer equipment that may occur to any user of the Site, a member or any other person in connection with or resulting from the use of the Site, viewing, playing or downloading materials on it or from the Website or otherwise in connection with the Service.
e. The Service and the Website are provided “as is” and “as available” and, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, MyHeritage expressly disclaims any warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and satisfactory quality, or that the website will be available at any particular time or location, without interruption and with the assurance that any defects or errors will be corrected or that the service will be free from Viruses or other harmful components.
We do not guarantee any specific results from use of the Service.
The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, policies or practices of any third party websites.
You expressly release us from any liability arising from the use of third party websites or services arising therefrom.
We do not guarantee, endorse or assume responsibility for any particular course of action, resources, tests, physicians or other healthcare providers, medications, biologics, medical devices or other procedures or opinions, or any product or service from a third party available through the Service or advertised or offered on a linked website, or appeared in a banner or other advertisement, or other information that may be mentioned on the website.
We will in no way monitor any transactions between you and third-party suppliers of products or services.
We and our third party suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the content of the website made available to you for any purpose.
In no event shall we or our third-party suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, special or other damages, including but not limited to, loss of profits, loss of data or any other damages under contract, tort, equity or any other legal theory thereof, even if based on contingency was pointed out.
f. MyHeritage may, but is not obligated to, view, review, screen, remove or edit the DNA results and DNA reports in its sole discretion.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will MyHeritage (or its third party suppliers) be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including from the use or inability to use the Service or any part thereof, even if we have been informed of the possibility of such damage.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY (OR THAT OF OUR THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS) TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED, IF ANY, TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US DURING THE have paid for the service during the membership period.
We assume no liability for any (i) errors, errors or inaccuracies in any Content; (ii) injury or property damage, howsoever caused, resulting from access and use of the Service; (iii) unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all information stored therein; (iv) interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (V) any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses or the like that may be transmitted to or through the Service; and/or (vi) any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory.
The foregoing limitations of liability apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some of this limitation may not apply to you.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SERVICE OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS SERVICE.
Compensation
You agree that MyHeritage, its subsidiaries, employees, directors, agents, licensors, managers, subsidiaries and third parties acting on our behalf, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, are harmless from any loss, liability, claim for indemnification and or Any claim, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or access to the Service, your violation of this Agreement and/or any breach of your warranties set forth above and/or any information you post on the Site or otherwise send to us or may arise through the service to third parties.
Statute of Limitations Regarding the DNA Services
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary (to the extent permitted by applicable law), any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the DNA Services or this Section will be filed within one (1) year must be filed after such claim or action has arisen or it will be forever barred.
Further membership conditions
1. Registration and Security
A. As part of the registration process, you will submit your email address, full name and choose a password.
You must provide us with accurate, complete and current registration information.
Failure to comply with this requirement constitutes a breach of this Agreement.
You understand that you will not (i) use another person's name or email address with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use the name or email address of anyone other than yourself without permission; (iii) provide an incorrect birth year or date; or (iv) use a name or email address that we, in our sole discretion, consider offensive.
B. You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service, unless the law of the country in which you live or from which you use the Service requires otherwise (for further information please refer to the section "Users underage". " further down).
Registering and logging into the Site is intended to confirm that you are over 13 years old.
If you are over 13 years of age but under 18 years of age, you will be required to provide consent from a parent or legal guardian to use the Service (for more information, please see the “Minors” section below).
C. You are responsible for any use or activity on the Site through your password.
Sharing your password to enable others to access the Site is expressly prohibited and is a violation of this Agreement.
You must notify us by regular mail or via email at privacy@myheritage.com of any suspicious and unauthorized use of your membership, or any known or suspected breach of security.
Any fraudulent, abusive or otherwise unlawful activity may, at our sole discretion, be grounds for termination of your membership and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
2. Changes to this Agreement and the Service
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or the Services at any time.
Changes to the Services will be announced on the Website.
If any part of this Agreement or any change to the Services Agreement is unacceptable to you or causes you to no longer be in compliance with the Agreement, you should stop using the Service.
Your continued use of the Services now or after any changes to this Agreement will mean that you have accepted and are bound by the changes.
It is therefore important that you check the currently available version from time to time to ensure that you are up to date and aware of any changes.
Whenever this Agreement undergoes material changes, the marking will be adjusted immediately after the "Terms and Conditions" link which leads to these Agreements at the bottom of the pages of the Service.
The adjusted marking will be removed again after 30 days at the latest or when you have accessed the adjusted terms of use.
Whatever comes first.
3. Minor Users
Except with respect to DNA Services (see the “Eligibility” subsection, in the “DNA Services” section), we require individuals to be at least 13 years of age before they can create an account with MyHeritage.
In some jurisdictions the age limit may be higher.
Providing false information to open an account will always be a violation of this Agreement.
This also applies if older parties register an account for children under 13 years of age.
If your minor child (child under 13 years of age) has opened an account with MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete the account by logging in to their account, "Member Account Settings" from the menu in the top right corner and click on “Delete my user account”.
If you would like to report an account belonging to a minor child to us, please email us at privacy@myheritage.com with details.
We will immediately delete accounts of children under 13 that are reported to us.
In most jurisdictions, the Service (other than DNA Services) requires an individual to be at least 13 years of age before opening an account.
We strive to create consistent standards for a global service, but also strive to respect local laws.
In compliance with the laws of Spain, Israel and South Korea, we require individuals living there to be at least 14 years old before they can open an account and use the Service (but not the DNA Services).
If your minor child (child under 14 years old) living in Spain, Israel or South Korea has opened an account with MyHeritage, you can show them how to delete the account by logging in with their account, the "Member Account Settings " from the Member Account menu in the top right corner and click "Delete my account."
If you would like to report to us an account belonging to a minor child living in Spain, Israel or South Korea, please email us with the details to privacy@myheritage.com.
We will immediately delete the account of any child under 14 from Spain, Israel and South Korea who is reported to us.
4. Teenagers
Except with respect to DNA Services (see "Eligibility" subsection, in the "DNA Services" section), minors (persons under 18 years of age) may use the Service provided they are not minors (see "Underage Users" section above). and provided that you obtain parental or guardian consent to use the Service (“Consent”).
Young people may not use the service without consent until they reach the age of 18.
In some countries, the Service may display a legally required parental/guardian consent form when a user indicates that they wish to register or log in to the Service as a young person.
The consent form will require a parent or legal guardian to provide their full name and email address, check that they confirm they are a parent or legal guardian of the young person, accept this Agreement and the privacy policy of this service and accept responsibility for the Take over the use of the service by the young person.
If this consent form is displayed, the service cannot be used until it is completed.
If the user is not a teenager, the form allows to confirm this and enter a correct year of birth.
Once the consent form has been completed and submitted, the Service will only document the details of the consent form and will not further use the details provided about the parent or guardian.
Disputes and Governing Law
This Agreement and any dispute relating to the Service will be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and you agree that in any legal action relating to the execution, performance and/or enforcement of this Agreement, exclusive venue will be in Tel Aviv, Israel is.
You agree that the Service is considered passive and will not give rise to personal jurisdiction over MyHeritage, either specifically or generally, in states other than Israel.
In the unlikely event that we have been unable to resolve a dispute with you after attempting to do so informally, any claims must be brought in each party's individual capacity and not as a plaintiff's representative or member a class of any purported class action or representative proceeding.
You agree that by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action lawsuit.
The entire agreement
This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy, the DNA Consent Statement (the "Consent Statement") and other legal notices or terms posted by MyHeritage on the Site (as applicable), constitutes the entire agreement between you and MyHeritage regarding the Site and the Service.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement and/or the Consent Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
This Agreement and/or the Consent Agreement are permitted to the fullest extent permitted by law.
If any provision of this Agreement and/or the Consent Statement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision of this Agreement and/or the Consent Statement shall be deemed severable and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected.
This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof will be null and void.
If we provide you with a translation of the English version of this Agreement, the English version will control in the event of a conflict.
Contact us
You may contact us if you have any concerns or questions about this Agreement, our website, the Service or any related matter.
Write to the address below or visit our help center.
Customer service
MyHeritage Ltd.
PO Box 50, Terminal Park, Or Yehuda 6037606, Israel
https://www.myheritage.com
