AGB
Thank you for using Pinterest.
These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) apply to your access to and use of the Pinterest website and Pinterest apps, APIs and widgets (“Pinterest” or the “Service”).
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
By accessing and using Pinterest, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy, the Cookie Policy and our Community Guidelines.
Put more simply
Every company has its terms and conditions.
And these are ours.
1. Our service
Pinterest's mission is to help you discover and do what you love.
That's why, based on your activity on our and other websites, we show you content that we believe is relevant, interesting and individually appealing to you.
In order to provide our service, we need to be able to identify you and your interests.
Some of the content displayed comes from advertisers.
As part of our service, we try to ensure that even promoted content is relevant and interesting to you.
Promoted content is clearly marked.
Put more simply
Pinterest's mission is to help you discover and do what you love.
That's why the service is tailored to you.
To make everything you see on Pinterest relevant, we need to find out more about your interests.
2. Using Pinterest
a. Who can use Pinterest
You are only authorized to use Pinterest if you can form a binding contract with Pinterest and comply with these Terms and all applicable laws.
When creating your Pinterest account, you are required to provide complete and truthful information.
You cannot use Pinterest's advertising service if U.S. sanctions prohibit it.
Use and access is prohibited for children and young people under the age of 13.
If you reside in the EEA, you are not eligible to use Pinterest until you have reached the minimum data processing age under your country's laws.
Using Pinterest may include downloading software to a computer, smartphone, tablet, or other device.
You agree that we may make automatic updates to the Software and that these Terms will also apply to those updates.
b. Our license to you
Subject to these Terms and our policies (including our Community Guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use our Service.
c. Commercial use of Pinterest
If you want to use Pinterest for commercial purposes, create a business account and agree to our Business Terms and Conditions.
If you are creating an account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, the title “You” refers to both you personally and the organization.
You represent that you have the authority to grant all permissions and licenses under these Terms and Conditions and to bind these Terms on behalf of and to the Organization.
Put more simply
Pinterest cannot be used if you are under 13 years old (or older in some countries).
If you use Pinterest for business, you'll need to set up a business account.
3. Your content
a. Post content
Pinterest allows you to post content such as photos, comments, and other materials.
Anything you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is called “User Content.”
You retain all rights to and sole responsibility for the User Content you post on Pinterest.
Put more simply
Content posted on Pinterest still belongs to you.
b. Use of your content by Pinterest and other users
For the sole purpose of operating, developing, providing and using Pinterest, you grant us and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, and use your User Content on Pinterest reproduce, preserve, modify, create derivative works from, display, and distribute.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions restricts Pinterest's other rights to the respective user content, for example from other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or edit any User Content or change the way it is used on Pinterest at our sole discretion.
This includes any User Content that we believe violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or other guidelines.
Put more simply
When you post your content on Pinterest, it can be seen and remembered by other users.
Don't post pornographic material or spam, and be nice to other Pinterest users.
c. Storage of your content
After you terminate or deactivate your account, or if you remove User Content from Pinterest, we may backup, archive, or review your User Content for a reasonable period of time.
Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create works from, perform, and distribute your content stored or shared by other users on Pinterest.
Put more simply
By posting content, you grant us permission to use it to provide and improve Pinterest.
Copies of content you've shared with others will remain even after you delete the content from your account.
d. Feedback you provide
We love hearing from our users and are always interested in ways to further improve Pinterest.
If you submit comments, ideas or feedback, we will be entitled to use them without restriction and without payment.
By accepting your Submissions, Pinterest does not waive its right to use similar or related Feedback that was already known to Pinterest, developed by its employees, or provided to Pinterest by others.
Put more simply
Your suggestions can be used to improve Pinterest.
4. Copyright Policy
Pinterest has adopted and implemented its copyright policy in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable copyright laws.
For more information, see our Copyright Policy.
Put more simply
We respect copyright.
You should do that too.
5. Security
The safety of our users is important to us.
Although we strive to protect your content and your account, Pinterest cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to breach our security measures.
We ask that you keep your password safe.
Please notify us immediately if you discover that the security of your account has been compromised or has been accessed without authorization.
Put more simply
You can help us fight spammers by following the safety tips below.
6. Third Party Links, Websites and Services
Pinterest contains links to websites, services, special offers or other events or activities of third parties or advertisers that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest.
Pinterest does not recommend and assumes no responsibility for these third party websites, information, materials, products and services.
Access to the website, service or third party content is at your own risk.
You agree that Pinterest has no liability for any access to or use of any third party websites, services or content.
Put more simply
Pins represent links to content that is not on Pinterest.
Most of this content is wonderful, but we take no responsibility if it is not.
7. Termination
Pinterest may withdraw or suspend your access for any reason upon notice to you.
We may terminate or suspend your access immediately and without notice for any legitimate reason, such as a violation of our Community Guidelines.
Even after termination, you will still be bound by Sections 3 and 8 of these Terms and Conditions.
Put more simply
Pinterest is a free service.
We reserve the right to refuse service at our discretion but will provide appropriate notice.
8. Release of Liability
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e. you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our Terms and Conditions in accordance with Section 2(c) of these Terms, you agree to do so, Pinterest Inc, Pinterest Europe Ltd, their affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and Agents harmless from any claims, actions, proceedings, disputes, demands, damages, losses, costs and expenses.
This includes reasonable legal and accounting fees, including costs of defending any claim, action or proceeding brought by any third party relating to your use of our Services or any breach of these Terms.
Put more simply
If we are sued because of something your company does on Pinterest, you will be responsible for any costs we incur.
Additionally, you should have set up a business account and agreed to our Business Terms and Conditions anyway.
9. Disclaimers
Our service and all content on Pinterest are provided “as is” and without any warranties of any kind, express or implied.
Pinterest expressly disclaims any other warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and warranties arising out of course of dealing, usage, or course of dealing.
Pinterest assumes no responsibility or liability for any User Content that you, another user, or a third party posts or transmits via our Service.
You acknowledge that you may encounter User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, inappropriate for minors, or otherwise unsuitable for your purposes.
We do not exclude or limit unlimited liability to users in the EEA for gross negligence, intent, death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or willful misconduct.
Put more simply
Unfortunately, users post inappropriate content on sites like Pinterest.
We are taking this issue very seriously, but you may still encounter it before we can resolve it.
If you notice such inappropriate content, please report it to us here.
10. Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PINTEREST SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE, FOR LOSS OF DATA, DAMAGE TO USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR OTHER INTANGIBLE PROFITS TEN FROM THE FOLLOWING SITUATION MAY ARISE: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE, (B) THE CONTENT OF THIRD PARTIES AND YOUR RESPONSE TO THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT EITHER BY OTHERS ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY, NOR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, USE OF OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.
IN ANY EVENT, PINTEREST'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE WILL BE LIMITED TO ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100).
The above provision does not apply to users in the EEA in the event of damage.
Instead, Pinterest's liability in this case is limited to the foreseeable damages that arise as a result of the breach of the essential contractual obligations typical of the contract.
Pinterest is not liable for damages resulting from a breach of other, non-essential duties of care.
This limitation of liability does not apply to statutory liability, which cannot be limited, or to liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.
Furthermore, it does not apply to express assurances made to you.
Put more simply
We strive to provide you with the best possible service, but we cannot promise that everything will always be perfect.
We are not responsible for various things.
If you think we are responsible, then we should handle this in an appropriate manner.
11. Arbitration
If you have a dispute with Pinterest, you agree to contact us first to resolve the dispute out of court, if possible.
If we need to contact you, we will use the email address provided in your Pinterest account.
If out-of-court settlement is not possible, we hereby agree to resolve all claims, disputes or disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions (excluding claims for injunctive or equitable relief) by binding arbitration in small claims civil court .
Arbitration allows disputes to be resolved in a more informal manner than in court.
For example, in an arbitration proceeding, a neutral arbitrator is used instead of a judge or jury, more limited disclosure is required, and the proceedings are subject to limited review by ordinary courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and injunctive relief as a court, despite the limited formality.
You agree that by accepting these Terms and Conditions, you agree to the U.S. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision and that both parties waive any right to a jury trial or class action.
The arbitrator shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute concerning the interpretation, applicability and enforcement of this binding arbitration agreement.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and your Pinterest Account termination.
Any arbitration proceedings will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with its then-current rules for consumer disputes, unless otherwise provided herein.
You can find the relevant forms at www.adr.org.
Unless Pinterest agrees otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in your county of residence.
All AAA application costs, processing and arbitration fees will be borne by each party in accordance with AAA rules.
However, Pinterest will agree to pay a reasonable amount of your filing, administration and arbitration fees provided your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000 and is not unreasonable under the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b).
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we give you the right to choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents provided to the arbitrator, in accordance with the AAA Rules, or by telephone or oral hearing.
If the claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a court hearing will be governed by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the form of the arbitration proceedings, the arbitrator is obliged to issue a written statement of reasons for the decision in which the essential facts and the conclusions derived from them for the decision are presented.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court of competent jurisdiction.
Nothing in this Article shall prevent the parties from pursuing legal action for injunctive or other equitable relief regarding data security, intellectual property rights or unauthorized access to the Service.
All claims must be brought by the parties individually and not as lead or co-plaintiffs in a class, consolidated or consolidated action; The arbitration tribunal cannot consolidate the claims of several people unless both parties agree to this step.
By agreeing to these Terms, you agree that you and Pinterest are each waiving the right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action lawsuit.
YOUR UNWAIVABLE LEGAL RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
To the extent that any claim, dispute or controversy relating to Pinterest or our Services is not subject to arbitration under applicable law or other regulations, you and Pinterest agree that any claim or dispute relating to Pinterest will be resolved solely in accordance with Article 12 of these Terms.
For users in the EEA, Article 11 does not apply.
12. Governing Law and Place of Jurisdiction
The laws of the State of California apply to these Terms and Conditions, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
The exclusive venue for all disputes relating to this Agreement shall be the judicial district of San Francisco, California, under the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
Claims will be handled under California law.
This does not apply to consumers in the EEA.
Any protection of consumers in the EEA under the applicable laws of the country of residence and the jurisdiction of the relevant national courts remain unaffected by this provision.
Put more simply
The Bay Area is beautiful this time of year.
And the best part is that it doesn't matter what season it is!
You definitely have to sue us here.
In the EEA this only applies if you are a trader, not a consumer.
Consumers in the EEA may sue us in the courts of their home country.
13. General Conditions
Notification Procedures and Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to determine the form and manner in which notices are delivered to you.
Legal documents can also be served electronically.
These Terms may change from time to time, but the current version will always be available on our website.
We will notify you of any revisions that we consider to be material.
If you continue to use Pinterest after any changes come into effect, you agree to be bound by the new terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, stop using Pinterest.
Put more simply
In the event of a material change to the Terms and Conditions, you will be informed.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you may no longer use Pinterest.
transmission
These Terms and Conditions, and any rights and licenses hereunder, may not be assigned by you to any third party, but may be assigned by Pinterest to any third party without restriction.
Any attempt to transfer or assign to a third party is a breach of these Terms and will be void.
For consumers in the EEA: Pinterest and you may assign this Agreement and all rights and licenses derived from it to any third party.
In the event of such a transfer by Pinterest, you have the right to terminate the contract with immediate effect by deactivating your account.
Pinterest will notify you of any such transfer within a reasonable period of time.
Entire contract/severability clause
These Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Policy and any amendments and other agreements you enter into with Pinterest constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest regarding the Service.
If any provision in these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid, that provision will be limited to the extent necessary or declared void.
The remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions remain in full force and effect.
No waiver
No waiver in these Terms shall constitute a fundamental or continuing waiver of this or any other provision.
Pinterest's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
parties
Users in the USA enter into this contract with Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
For users located outside of the United States, these Terms constitute a contract with Pinterest Europe Ltd.
an Irish company registered in Dublin at the following address: Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Put more simply
Who is responsible for you depends on where you live.
Effective date: May 1, 2018
