Terms and Conditions of Use
An introduction to Quora's terms and conditions
Welcome to Quora!
Here is a brief summary of the key points of our Terms and Conditions:
It is our mission to share and increase the world's knowledge.
Quora provides its users with a platform to ask questions and connect with other people who provide unique insights and quality answers.
This encourages people to learn from each other and understand the world better.
You own the content you publish; At the same time, you grant us and the other users of Quora certain rights and the license to use them.
The details of these licenses are set forth in Section 3(c) below.
You are responsible for the content you publish.
This includes ensuring that you have the necessary rights to publish this content and that your content does not violate the legal rights of third parties (e.g. libel) or other applicable law.
You may republish content from Quora elsewhere, provided you attribute the content to Quora and respect the rights of the original author, including the “Not for Reproduction” designation.
We do not approve or verify the content posted by users.
Our content and materials are available to you “in their original version” and without any guarantee.
You are solely responsible for your own use of the Quora Platform.
Contributions from lawyers, doctors and other experts should not be used as a substitute for professional advice for your specific situation.
You agree to comply with the policies and guidelines of our platform.
If you use Quora, you also agree to our Privacy Policy and agree to follow our Acceptable Use Policy, our Copyright Policy, and our Trademark Policy.
There are various ways for you to give us feedback.
If you believe that someone has violated your intellectual property rights, violated other laws, or violated Quora's policies, you can submit a report using the contact form or use our in-product report feature.
We are pleased that you would like to join Quora and recommend reading the full Terms and Conditions of Use.
Terms and Conditions of Quora
Last updated: October 23, 2018
Welcome to Quora!
Quora is a platform for expanding and sharing knowledge, motivating people to learn from each other and better understand the world.
These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) set forth the agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Quora, Inc. (“Quora,” “we,” or “us”).
They regulate your use of the products and services that we offer via our websites and applications (under the collective term “Quora”).
Please read them carefully because by using Quora you agree to these terms and conditions.
Quora's mission
Quora's mission is to share and expand the world's knowledge.
Quora is a platform where you can ask questions and connect with other people who provide unique insights and high-quality answers.
This encourages people to learn from each other and understand the world better.
Using Quora
Who can use it.
The use of Quora is prohibited for anyone under the age of 13.
You hereby represent that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you live or, if you are not, your parent or legal guardian must agree to these Terms and Conditions and confirm that they accept this Agreement on their behalf and assume responsibility for your Accept usage.
Registration.
When you create a profile on Quora, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself.
You agree that you will provide truthful information, including your real name, when you create a user account on Quora.
We will treat the information you provide to us during registration in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You should ensure that you keep your password confidential.
Privacy Policy.
Our privacy practices are set forth in our Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Quora Platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Acceptable Use Policy.
You agree to abide by the Acceptable Use Guidelines at all times in your interactions with others on Quora.
Completion.
You can close your account at any time by navigating to your account settings and deactivating your user account.
We may close or suspend your user account on Quora if you violate any of the Quora policies or for other reasons.
Changes to Quora.
We are always striving to improve your experience on Quora.
We may need to add or change features and may do so without notice to you.
Return message.
We welcome your feedback and suggestions on how we can improve Quora.
Don't hesitate to give us your feedback at quora.com/contact.
If you provide us with feedback, you agree to grant us the right, in our sole discretion, to use, publish or otherwise exploit the feedback, in whole or in part, without restriction and without compensation to you.
Your content
Definition of your content.
You can add posts, text, photos, videos, links and files on Quora and share them with others.
We summarize all data that you upload, publish or show to others on Quora under the collective term “your content”.
You acknowledge and agree that your Content may be visible to the general public as part of your use of Quora.
Property.
You, or your licensors, as applicable, retain ownership of the copyright and other intellectual property rights in your Content, subject to the non-exclusive rights you grant to us below.
License and Permission to Use Your Content.
By submitting, publishing or displaying Your Content on Quora, you grant Quora and its affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, transferable, sublicensable (multi-tiered) license to use, distribute, reproduce, Processing, adapting, modifying, creating derivative works from, publishing, transmitting, storing, displaying and distributing, and otherwise using your Content in connection with the business operations or use of Quora or the promotion, advertising or marketing of Quora, in all media and all distribution channels (known today or later developed).
You agree that this license includes the right for Quora to make your Content available to other companies, organizations, business partners or individuals who partner with Quora to syndicate, broadcast, redistribute or publish your Content on other media and distribution channels .
This license also includes the right for other users of Quora to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, display and distribute your content in accordance with our Terms and Conditions of Use translate, communicate and make available to the public.
If you do not want your answers to be translated by other users, you can reject the translation globally or exclude certain answers from translation in your profile settings.
Once you post an answer to a question, you can edit your answer at any time or delete it from public display on www.quora.com, except for answers posted anonymously.
However, we may not be able to control the removal of the answer from display on syndicated channels or other previously used distribution methods outside of www.quora.com.
Quora can remove suspected spam from your answers.
Once you publish a question, it can be edited or deleted by other users or Quora at any time.
Any edits and changes you make may be visible to other users.
Quora's right to copy, display, transmit, publish, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise exploit any question you post, and to sublicense these rights to others, is perpetual and irrevocable to the extent permitted by law permitted except as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may preserve Your Content and may also disclose Your Content and related information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) to comply with legal process, applicable law or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms and Conditions of Use; (c) respond to claims that your content violates the rights of third parties; (d) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Quora, its users or the public.
You understand that we may modify, adapt or create derivative works from your Content for transmission, display or distribution across computer networks, devices, service providers and in various media.
We may also remove or refuse to post your content, in whole or in part, at any time.
You also grant us permission and authority to act as your non-exclusive agent to take enforcement action against any unauthorized use of your Content by third parties outside of Quora or in violation of our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Your responsibility for your content.
By posting your Content on Quora, you represent and warrant to us that: (i) you own the proprietary rights or have received all necessary licenses or permissions from all necessary parties to use your Content and grant us the right to use your Content as provided in this Agreement, and (ii) that the posting of your Content will not violate the intellectual property rights or personal rights of others or any applicable law or regulation.
You assume full responsibility for ensuring that you avoid violating the intellectual property or personal rights of others or violating any laws and regulations in connection with your Content.
You are responsible for ensuring that your content does not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, Trademark Policy, other published policies of Quora, or any applicable law or regulation.
You agree to pay all royalties, costs and other monies owed to any other person by reason of your Content.
Our content and materials
Definition of our content and materials.
All intellectual property in or relating to the Quora Platform (including, but not limited to, our software, the Quora trademarks, the Quora logo, but excluding your content) is the property of Quora Inc. or its subsidiaries and subsidiaries and affiliates Companies, or content posted by other Quora users that has been licensed to us (collectively, “Our Content and Materials”).
Data.
All data that Quora collects about your or others' use of Quora ("Data") is the property of Quora Inc., its subsidiaries and subsidiaries.
For clarity, Data does not include Your Content and is separate from Our Content and Materials.
Our license to you.
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access our content and materials and data as made available to you on Quora in connection with your use of Quora, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Quora grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to republish our content and materials anywhere on the Internet, provided that: (a) the relevant content was added to Quora after April 22, 2010; (b) the user who created the relevant content has not expressly marked such content on Quora as not for reproduction; (c) you do not modify the Content; (d) You attribute it to Quora by name in readable text and provide a human- and machine-trackable link (an <a> HTML anchor tag) that links back to the page displaying the original source of the content at http ://quora.com, on any page that contains our content and materials; (e) upon request from either Quora or a user who contributed the content, you remove the user's name from the content that the user subsequently anonymized; (f) you will make reasonable efforts, upon request from either Quora or a user who contributed the Content, to update a particular Content to the latest version on Quora; and (g) upon request from either Quora or a user who contributed the Content, you will use reasonable efforts to delete any Content that has been deleted or marked as unavailable for reproduction on Quora; (h) you will not republish more than a small portion of our content and materials.
By exercising these rights, you may not, implicitly or explicitly, represent or imply in any way that you are affiliated with, sponsoring or promoting Quora or any user on Quora without our separate, prior and express written permission.
We may terminate our license to you at any time for any reason.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to distribute any content on Quora or to remove any content.
Except for the rights and license granted in these Terms, we reserve all other rights and do not grant any other rights or licenses, by implication or otherwise.
Permitted use.
If you operate a search engine, web crawler, bot, scraping tool, data mining tool, mass downloading tool, Wget utility, or similar data gathering or extraction tool, you may use Quora, subject to the access the following additional rules: (i) you must use a descriptive User-Agent header; (ii) You must always follow the robots.txt; (iii) Your access must not interfere with any aspect of how Quora works; and (iv) you must clearly indicate how to contact you, either in your user agent string or on your website if you have one.
No approval or verification.
Please note that Quora includes access to content, products and services from third parties and offers interactions with third parties.
Participation or availability on Quora does not constitute approval or verification from us.
We assume no liability for or representation as to the truthfulness, completeness or timeliness of any content posted by anyone on Quora.
Property.
You acknowledge and agree that our content and materials remain the property of Quora's users or Quora.
The content, information and services available on Quora are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and applicable.
Integrated service providers
You can integrate another online service provider, such as a social network (“integrated service providers”), directly into your user account on Quora.
By activating an integrated service, you grant us permission to share your login information and other user data with and receive from the integrated service provider.
For more information about Quora's use, storage and sharing of information relating to you and your use of integrated services within Quora, please see our Privacy Policy.
Please note that your use of each integrated service provider and their own handling of your data and information is governed solely by their terms of use, privacy policies and other policies.
More information about specific offers on Quora
Digests.
When you register with Quora, the service includes receiving a digest of questions and answers that may be of interest to you.
You can opt out of receiving this digest and adjust other communication preferences by visiting the Email & Notifications section of your account profile, as described in our Privacy Policy.
Advertisements.
There may be advertisements on Quora that relate to content or information on Quora, queries made through Quora, or other information in an effort to make it relevant to you.
The types and scope of Quora advertising are subject to change.
In consideration of Quora allowing you to access and use Quora, you agree that Quora and third parties and partners may post such advertising on Quora.
If you wish to operate as an advertiser, you must agree to separate and additional terms with us regarding the provision of advertising services on Quora.
Contributors from legal, medical & other professional fields.
Some users who post content are legal, medical, and other licensed professionals (collectively, “professional contributors”).
Content published by professional contributors should not be used as a substitute for advice from an expert that is appropriate for your specific situation.
Quora provides certain wording for disclaimer templates that professional contributors can edit and insert into their answers.
Ethical regulations vary by state or location, and it is the responsibility of the professional contributor to establish and provide disclaimer language appropriate to their profession and the content provided.
Buttons, Links und Widgets.
You have permission to use Quora's buttons, links and widgets subject to these Terms and Conditions (including disclaimers and limitations of liability) and provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets only links to the Quora Platform; (b) you will not modify such buttons, links or widgets or the code associated therewith in any way; (c) you will not use such buttons, links or widgets in a manner that implies or suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors or recommends the website on which such buttons, links or widgets are used; and (d) the use of such buttons, links and widgets, and the page on which such buttons, links and widgets are used, do not violate Quora's Acceptable Use Policy.
Third Party Web Resources and Services.
Quora may also offer you the opportunity to follow links to other websites or interact with third-party products or services.
You assume all risks for your use of such websites or resources.
Services that require a separate agreement.
Certain features or services may require you to enter into a separate and additional written agreement prior to use.
Report violations of your intellectual property rights, Quora Policies, or applicable law
We have a specific process in place for reporting violations of your intellectual property rights or other violations of Quora Policies or applicable law.
Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
We have adopted and implemented a Copyright Policy and a Trademark Policy.
For more information, including detailed information on how to submit a takedown request if you believe content on Quora violates your intellectual property rights, please see our Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
For your convenience, we provide you with the following Copyright Infringement Complaint Form and Trademark Infringement Complaint Form, which you should use for the fastest possible processing, where applicable.
Reports of other violations.
If you believe that any content on Quora violates Quora's Acceptable Use Policy or otherwise violates applicable law (other than copyright and trademark violations) or other Quora policies, you may submit the following Violation Complaint form.
We have no obligation to remove content that you personally find offensive or offensive.
We aim to respond promptly to requests to remove content, in accordance with our policies and applicable law.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF QUORA ENTITIES TO YOU.
“INSTANCES OF QUORA” MEANS QUORA INC.,
AND ALL BRANCHES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS, AND THEIR BOARD MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES.
EACH PROVISION BELOW APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
WE PROVIDE QUORA, INCLUDING OUR CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE ABILITY TO CONNECT WITH OTHERS, TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE ENTITIES OF QUORA DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET USE , NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE .
QUORA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR: (i) ANY CONTENT POSTED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY, (ii) ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE, THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE LISTED ON QUORA IS OR IS ACCESSIBLE TO YOU THROUGH QUORA, INCLUDING INTEGRATED SERVICE PROVIDERS OR PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTORS; (iii) THE QUALITY OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WITH WHOM YOU MAY CONTACT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF QUORA; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, USE OF OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) QUORA WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) QUORA WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS OR INFORMATION THAT YOU OBTAIN THROUGH THE USE OF QUORA, FROM A PROFESSIONAL CONTRIBUTOR OR OTHER USER WILL BE ACCURATE AND RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL THAT YOU RECEIVE OR PURCHASED THROUGH QUORA WILL BE SATISFACTORY.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT THE QUORA ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY LEGAL INTERPRETATION OF LIABILITY.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE QUORA ENTITIES SHALL IN PARTICULAR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF REPUTATION OR LOSS OF DATA ( EVEN IF WE ARE ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OR IF SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE QUORA.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH QUORA IS TO STOP USING QUORA.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, QUORA'S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH QUORA OR THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO QUORA IN CONNECTION WITH THE QUORA PLATFORM IN THE TWELVE ( 12) HAS BEEN PAID MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION THAT CAUSES LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES.
THEREFORE, THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN PART OR IN WHOLE, AND THE FOREGOING SECTIONS 8(c), 8(d) AND 8(e) MAY NOT APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY TO THE EXTENT THE DAMAGES ARE CAUSED TO THEM RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY ARE THE RESULT OF QUORA'S NEGLIGENT, MISCONDUCTIVE, RECKLESS, OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
Compensation
You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Quora Entities from all third party claims and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to: (i) your use of Quora, (ii) your Content, (iii) your conduct or interactions with other users of Quora, or (iv) your violation of any part of this Agreement.
We will notify you promptly of any such claim and will provide you with reasonable assistance (at your expense) in defending such claim.
You authorize us to participate in any such defense and will not settle any such action without our prior written consent.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
In this case, you will have no further obligation to defend us in this case.
Dispute resolution
This Agreement and any cause of action arising from your use of Quora shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of any conflict of law provisions of your state or country of residence.
Unless submitted to arbitration as set forth in the paragraph below, any action, proceeding or proceeding arising out of your use of Quora shall be brought solely in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to and waive the jurisdiction and venue thereof any objection due to unfavorable place of jurisdiction.
For any claim (other than claims for injunctive and equitable relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, the party seeking relief may elect to resolve the dispute by binding arbitration To clarify non-appearance.
The party selecting such arbitration must initiate the arbitration through the established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider agreed upon by the parties.
The ADR Provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or shall be based solely on written submissions, as determined by the party initiating the arbitration; (b) the arbitration shall not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless agreed to by both parties; and c) any judicial judgment on an award rendered in the arbitration may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Terms and Conditions
Changes to these Terms.
We may change this Agreement (including any policies, such as the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy, which are incorporated into this Agreement) at any time and solely in our sole discretion.
If we attach material terms to this Agreement, such change will be effective upon our sending you notice of the changed Agreement.
Such notice will be provided solely at our discretion and such notice could be provided, for example, by email, as a posted note on Quora, or by other means.
You can review the Agreement and our key policies here at any time.
Your failure to terminate your account or cease using Quora after receiving notice of changes constitutes your acceptance of the changed terms.
If you do not agree to the changes or any of the terms and conditions in this Agreement, your sole remedy is to terminate your account or stop using Quora.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
You agree that Quora operates in the United States and will be deemed solely based in California and as a passive service for legal investigation purposes.
For any action to which arbitration is not applicable, you agree that such action shall be brought in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction located in Santa Clara County, California and shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and federal law, without Consideration of conflicts between legal provisions.
Use outside the United States.
Quora expressly disclaims any responsibility or guarantee that Quora will comply with all applicable laws and regulations outside the United States.
If you use Quora outside the United States, you expressly understand and agree that you are solely responsible for complying with any laws, regulations or customs that may apply in connection with your use of Quora.
Export.
Quora is controlled and operated from our US offices in California.
Quora Software is subject to US export controls.
No Quora software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of applicable laws or regulations.
You represent and warrant that you are not (1) located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (2) a You are listed on the US government list of banned or restricted parties.
Applications and mobile devices.
If you access Quora through a Quora Application, you acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Quora only and not with any other application service provider or application platform provider (such as Apple Inc. or Google Inc.) that provides you with the Application may make available subject to their own terms of use.
Depending on the extent of your use of Quora with a mobile device, standard costs, data rates and other fees may apply.
Outlast.
The following provisions will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2(e) (Termination), 2(g) (Feedback), Section 3 (Your Content), Sections 4(a)-(b) and (d)- (f) (Our Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Section 10 (Dispute Resolution) and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice to users in California.
Pursuant to Section 1789.3 of the Civil Code of the State of California, California Internet users are provided with the following specific consumer rights notice: Quora is provided by Quora, Inc., located in Mountain View, California.
If you have a question or complaint regarding Quora, please contact Quora at support@quora.com.
California residents may contact the Department of Consumer Affairs Consumer Information Division at 1625 N. Market Blvd.,
Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, USA, or call (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or for the hearing impaired call (800) 326-2297 or (916) 322-1700 .
Government end users.
Any Quora software and related documents are “business items” as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202 (where applicable).
In accordance with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (where applicable), the commercial computer software and commercial computer software documentation are authorized for use by U.S. government end users: (i) as business items only; and (ii) only with the rights granted to all other End Users under this Agreement.
Transmission.
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or any of Your rights or obligations under this Agreement) without Our prior written consent; any attempt to assign or transfer without complying with the foregoing will be void.
We may assign or transfer this Agreement without restriction.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors and assigns.
Electronic communication.
You agree to receive communications from us consistent with these Agreements and applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Complete agreement/separability.
This Agreement supersedes all prior terms, conditions, agreements, discussions and writings with respect to Quora and constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to Quora (except for those Services which require a separate written agreement with us in addition to this Agreement).
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Interpretation.
With respect to the construction or interpretation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (i) the headings in this Agreement exist solely for convenience and are not intended to be taken into account, and (ii) there is no reason to believe that they will operate for the benefit of either party Result of legal counsel's role in drafting this Agreement.
Announcements.
To be valid, all notices permitted or required under this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, must be in writing as follows: (i) if from us to you, then by email to the address: which is linked to your user account, and (ii) if from you to us, then via Legal@Quora.com.
Notice will be deemed given (a) if to you, then when sent by email, and (b) if to us, then when received by us.
Relationship.
This Agreement does not create a joint venture, agency, partnership, or other form of joint venture between you and us.
Except as otherwise expressed herein, neither party has any right, power or authority to create any form of obligation or duty, express or implied, on behalf of the other party.
Disclaimer.
No waiver of any provision shall constitute a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision.
Our failure to assert any right or provision under these Agreements shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Further assurances.
You agree to execute a written copy of this Agreement and any other documents and agree to take such actions, at our expense, as we may request to confirm and carry out the intent of this Agreement and any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement .
Contact.
You can contact us at any time at de.quora.com/contact if you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions.
Quora is a Delaware corporation with its registered office at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.
