Terms of Use
Stand: 19. May 2018.
Welcome.
These Terms of Use apply between you and Rovio Entertainment Corporation, address Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland, (“Rovio”) with respect to your use of the games, websites, discussion forums and related services offered by Rovio (“Services”) .
Use of the Services is also subject to Rovio's Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at the following link and is incorporated into these Terms of Use: https://www.rovio.com/privacy.
For residents of the United States of America, these Terms of Use include a binding arbitration and class action waiver clause in Article 8, which affects your dispute resolution rights.
If you live in the United States, please read this clause carefully.
Except for cases where you opt out and except for certain types of disputes as described in Article 8 herein, you agree that any dispute between you and Rovio will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration.
You are waiving your right to join a class action lawsuit or class arbitration.
The prerequisite for using the Services is agreement to these Terms of Use.
If you accept these Terms of Use, you also declare that you are 13 years old or older.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 or are otherwise ineligible to enter into agreements such as these Terms of Use, you represent that your legal guardian or guardian has read and agreed to be bound by these Terms of Use.
If you use or otherwise access our Services, you accept these Terms of Use.
If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you may not use or otherwise access the Services.
Unless otherwise indicated by an applicable Service or part thereof, the Services are available free of charge for use or downloading.
However, they may have content that allows you to make paid purchases within those services.
If you access the Services through a social networking site (SNS) such as Facebook, you agree to comply with that site's terms of use and these Terms of Use.
Rovio may adopt additional rules relating to specific portions of the Services (including, but not limited to, forums, contests, sweepstakes or rewards programs).
Your right to use the Services is subject to the relevant rules and these Terms of Use.
1. Right to use the Services
Subject to these Terms of Use, Rovio hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the Services for personal, non-commercial purposes.
The rights granted to you are conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Use.
With the exception of the aforementioned, you will not receive any additional licenses.
All right, title and interest in and to these Services are reserved by Rovio, including but not limited to all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, titles, machine codes, audio-visual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, backgrounds, artwork , sound effects, musical works, recordings of the game while using the Services, moral rights, regardless of whether they are registered or not.
This also applies to their respective application.
Except as expressly permitted by applicable law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in whole or in part, regardless of the manner or medium, without the prior written permission of Rovio.
Rovio reserves all rights not expressly granted to you herein.
The Services and their content are licensed, not sold.
You agree that you have no right or title to any content appearing on the Services, including but not limited to any virtual items or currencies appearing on or originating from the Services, regardless of whether obtained through the Services or purchased from Rovio or third parties.
2. Purchases within the Services
Rovio may license certain virtual goods that you can use on the Services and purchase for real money or obtain or redeem using the game mechanics (“Virtual Items”).
Virtual Items are licensed to you on a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable basis and are for non-commercial use only.
Rovio may manage, control, modify or delete Virtual Items at any time and without notice.
The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited except as expressly permitted on the Services.
Virtual items have no equivalent value in real money and do not serve as a substitute for real money.
Neither Rovio nor any other person or entity is obligated to exchange Virtual Items for anything of value.
Rovio assumes no liability if Virtual Items are hacked or lost.
Price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to change without notice.
By law, all purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items on the Services are final and non-refundable.
You acknowledge and agree that the provision of Virtual Items for use within the Services is a process that begins immediately upon purchase and that you forfeit your right to cancel once the process has begun.
Accordingly, you agree that Rovio will have no obligation to provide any refund for any Virtual Items for any reason.
You further acknowledge that you will not receive any money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether the loss of your license under these Terms of Use was voluntary or involuntary.
If you request deletion of your personal information in accordance with Rovio's Privacy Policy, you will permanently lose all of your Virtual Items with no right to a refund as Rovio will no longer be able to associate such Virtual Items with you.
3. Rules of conduct
You agree that under no circumstances will you
directly or indirectly uses cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any other unauthorized third party software designed to interfere with or modify the Services.
violates any applicable laws or regulations through the use of the Services.
uses the Services for commercial purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, solicitation, transmission of any commercial messages such as spam emails, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or other quick money-making schemes.
uses the Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes, including, but not limited to, impersonating any person or entity or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity or the Services.
disrupt, disrupt, or otherwise negatively impact the normal operation of the Services or behave in a manner that negatively affects other users' experience using the Services.
Interfere with or overburden any computer or server used to provide or maintain the Services.
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, other users' accounts, or computers, servers or networks connected to the Services, through any means other than the user interface provided by Rovio, including, without limitation, attempted or successful circumvention or modifying any security measures, technology, devices, encryption or software included as part of the Services; You may not encourage or support third parties to do so.
Post any information, content or other material or links to information or content that contains nudity or excessive violence, that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, racist, sexist, anti-religious or otherwise objectionable.
consistently engage in disruptive behavior, such as repeatedly posting unsolicited information.
harass, abuse or harm any other person or group (including Rovio's employees, administrators, managers and customer service representatives) or attempt to harass, abuse or harm any person or group, or advocate or incite the harassment, abuse or harm of any of those mentioned.
provide through the Services any material or information that infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights of any person or entity, or that is used to impersonate another person, including but not limited to Employees, administrators or officers of Rovio.
attempt, unless you are expressly permitted to do so by law, to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack the Services; or overcome or obtain encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted or processed or stored by Rovio; or use any methods not expressly authorized by Rovio to obtain information from the Services.
Request or attempt to request login information or other login information or personal information from other users of the Services.
Obtain or collect information about or relating to other users of the Services, including, but not limited to, through the use of web beacons, cookies, GIFs or similar objects, sometimes referred to as spyware.
publish other people's private information through the Services.
This includes personal data (whether in the form of text, images or video), personal identification documents or financial information.
Take any action that, in Rovio's opinion, is inconsistent with the idea or intent of the Services, or improperly use Rovio Customer Support.
4. Third Party Services
The Services may include links to third-party services (including, but not limited to, third-party advertising) and/or third-party services may be made available to you through the Services.
These services include, among other things, recording and sharing gameplay, connecting to social media or advertising.
These services are subject to the respective terms of use of the third parties.
Please read the third party terms of service carefully as they create an agreement between you and the third party service provider.
Rovio is not a party to this Agreement.
5. Accounts and Credentials
Certain elements of the Services allow you to create an account or otherwise register with the Service (“Account”).
You may be asked to select a password for your account or use other credentials to access your account (“Login Credentials”). You agree that you will not share your Login Credentials with any third parties or allow any third party to use your Login Credentials or your Account .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the registration information and for its use (including purchases).
Rovio may assume that someone logging into your account using your credentials is either you or a third party that you have given permission to log in.
Rovio reserves the right to delete your account if you have not used the account for at least 180 days in a row.
You may then no longer have access to and use virtual items linked to the account.
You will not be offered a refund in this case.
6. User Contributions
Some Services allow you to create content, including, but not limited to, game maps, characters, screenshots or videos of your gaming experience (collectively, “User Contributions”).
In consideration for your use of the Services, you hereby grant to Rovio non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sublicensable worldwide rights and licenses to your User Submissions in any form and for any purpose, including but not limited to The right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit or otherwise distribute to the public by any current or future means.
You also grant Rovio the right to distribute your User Submissions without notice or compensation to you.
Except as expressly prohibited by law, you hereby waive all moral rights of authorship, publicity, reputation or attribution with respect to the use of your User Submissions by Rovio or other players in connection with the Services and related goods and services under applicable law.
This grant of license to Rovio and waiver of all applicable moral rights shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.
Rovio, its directors, officers and employees do not accept or consider unsolicited submissions of ideas or products (e.g. game or product ideas, stories, screenplays, art, musical or audiovisual works, concepts or other creative materials) in any format or by any means Transmission (“Unsolicited Content”).
Please do not submit any such unsolicited content to Rovio, its directors, officers or employees.
However, if you submit unsolicited content to us, you agree that it will not be treated as confidential, regardless of what you provide in your cover letter.
You further agree that such unsolicited content may be used and exploited by Rovio without you or any third party being entitled to any compensation.
You further grant Rovio a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable (in whole or in part) worldwide license to use, exploit, reproduce, transmit, supplement, display and display the Unsolicited Content, in all current and future media for any purpose, as well as to create derivative works of the Unsolicited Content.
7. Communication between users of the Services
Rovio is not responsible for the conduct of other users of the Services and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Services for inappropriate content or behavior.
Rovio cannot and does not pre-filter or monitor all user content and behavior.
You use the Services at your own risk.
By using the Services, you may be exposed to content or behavior that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise contrary to your values.
Rovio may use technologies to monitor and/or record your interactions with the Services and your communications while using the Services (including, but not limited to, chat texts).
You irrevocably consent to this monitoring and recording.
Accordingly, you agree that you have no expectation of privacy regarding the transmission of any Content within the Services, including but not limited to chat texts or voice messages.
Rovio reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice and for any reason or for any reason whatsoever, to review, monitor, prohibit, modify, delete or restrict access to the content provided by users of the Services block or otherwise prevent their availability.
If at any time Rovio, in its sole discretion, decides to monitor the Services, Rovio nevertheless assumes no responsibility for any content provided by users of the Services.
Rovio also has no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate content.
8. Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver
If you are a citizen of the United States of America or have claims against Rovio in the United States of America, you expressly agree that any legal claim, dispute or other controversy between you and Rovio arising out of or relating to the Services any dispute regarding the applicability, enforceability or validity of the provisions of these Terms of Use or Rovio's Privacy Policy (collectively, "Disputes"), shall be resolved by confidential binding arbitration before a commercial arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association ( “AAA”) and not in a court of law as described herein.
The arbitration will be governed by the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules and, to the extent the arbitrator deems applicable, the Additional Procedures for Customer-Related Disputes (collectively, “Rules and Procedures”).
You acknowledge that you are voluntarily and knowingly waiving your right to a trial by jury or other proceedings in any state or federal court.
Payment of the costs of arbitration will be governed by the AAA's fee schedule, unless you demonstrate that your share is prohibitive compared to the costs of litigation.
In such a case, Rovio will cover your arbitration costs in such amount as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from becoming prohibitive compared to the costs of litigation.
Rovio also reserves the right, in its sole and exclusive discretion, to pay any arbitration costs imposed by the AAA.
Each party agrees to pay its own attorneys' fees and disbursements, unless there is a statute requiring the payment of attorneys' fees and disbursements to the prevailing party.
The arbitration may be conducted in Los Angeles, California or, upon request, in the city closest to your residence where the AAA has an office.
The arbitration award will be final and binding on both you and Rovio and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
For more information about the AAA, its rules and procedures, and how to file an arbitration claim, please call the AAA at 800-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at www.adr.org.
As an exception to binding arbitration and to the extent that the dispute arises from any of the following:
any violation of Rovio's intellectual property rights and copyrights;
a claim arising directly or indirectly from allegations of theft, piracy, unauthorized use, or violation of the United States Computer Fraud and Abuse Act or the Code of Conduct section of these Terms of Use; and
any claim to equitable relief;
Both parties agree that one party may seek injunctive relief (or an equivalent type of urgent relief) from any court having jurisdiction over the other party.
In addition, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court in lieu of arbitration if the claims are within the jurisdiction of such court.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, all disputes will be resolved on an individual basis by binding, confidential arbitration.
You expressly agree that no other Disputes will be consolidated or joined with your Dispute through class arbitration or otherwise.
You and Rovio agree that there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class¬ action basis or to utilize class action procedures, and further that no right or authority exists for any Dispute to be deemed representative or referred to an attorney for the benefit of the public or groups, and also that no arbitration shall be heard jointly with another arbitration.
You have the option to withdraw from the obligation to arbitrate.
In this case, neither you nor Rovio may require each other to participate in arbitration.
You must provide written notice of such withdrawal to Rovio within 30 days of the date on which you first become subject to this arbitration provision.
The written withdrawal must be sent to this address: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, Attention: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland.
You must provide your name and home address as well as a clear statement that you wish to withdraw from this arbitration clause.
To initiate arbitration, you must write to this address: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, Attn: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland and request arbitration, specifying your claim.
Rovio will provide 30 days' prior notice of changes to the Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver clause on the Services or by other similar means.
Changes will take effect on the 30th day and will apply prospectively only to claims arising after the 30th day.
9. Suspension or Termination Following Your Violation
Without limiting any other remedies available to Rovio, if Rovio believes that you are violating these Terms of Use, Rovio reserves the right, with or without notice to you, to take any of the following actions, individually or in combination: (i) deletion, Suspension and/or modification of your account or any part of your account; (ii) restricting, suspending and/or terminating your access to the Services; (iii) modification and/or removal of your Virtual Items; (iv) resetting and/or changing your game progress or your benefits and privileges, such as level or score, that you have achieved in the Services.
10. Availability of Services
Rovio may limit, suspend or terminate all or part of the Services and implement technical and legal measures to prevent users from accessing the Services if Rovio believes that they pose a risk, give rise to possible legal liability, Violate the property rights and copyrights of third parties or do not comply with these terms of use.
Rovio reserves the right to discontinue offering and/or supporting the Services in whole or in part at any time (e.g. a game or a specific mechanic in the game).
At that time, your license to use the Service or any portion of the Service automatically terminates.
In such a case, and unless otherwise provided by law, Rovio is not required to refund virtual or other items associated with such discontinued services.
11. Disclaimer
To the extent permitted by law, the Services are provided to you on an “as is” basis without any warranties, representations or warranties of any kind.
Defects may occur and you use the Services at your own risk.
Rovio makes no warranties of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory, including any implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, data accuracy (including but not limited to location data), merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and any warranties that arise from business practices, usage habits or trade customs.
Rovio does not warrant that your use of the Services will be uninterrupted, that the Services will meet your requirements, that operation of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the Services will interoperate or be compatible with other services, or that in the Services Any errors that occur can be corrected.
Any oral or written advice provided by Rovio, its employees or representatives does not constitute a warranty.
Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimers such as those listed above.
Therefore, the above conditions may not apply to you.
Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimers shall apply only to the extent permitted by law in such jurisdictions.
You may also have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction.
Nothing contained in these Terms of Use shall violate any legal rights you may have as a customer of the Service.
12. Limitation of Liability
Rovio shall not be liable in any way for any special, incidental or consequential damages arising from access to, use of or malfunction of the Services, including, but not limited to, property damage, loss of goodwill, equipment defects or malfunctions and, to the extent permitted by law to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injury, property damage, lost profits or penalties arising from any cause of action directly or indirectly related to these Terms of Use or the Services, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, strict liability or otherwise arise or whether Rovio has been informed of the possibility of such damages occurring.
In the sense of Art.
12 “Limitation of Liability,” Rovio’s licensors and other partners will be third party beneficiaries of the limitations of liability set forth herein and may enforce these Terms of Use against you.
In no event will Rovio's total liability arising directly or indirectly from these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy or the Services exceed: (i) the actual price, if any, paid by you for the license to use Virtual Items, or (ii) one hundred euros (€100.00).
The exclusion and limitation of damages are fundamental elements of the agreement between Rovio and you.
Some jurisdictions do not allow certain limitations of liability such as those listed above.
Therefore, the above conditions may not apply to you.
Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations of liability shall apply only to the extent permitted by law in such jurisdictions.
You may also have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction.
Nothing contained in these Terms of Use shall violate any legal rights you may have as a customer of the Service.
You agree to indemnify and hold Rovio (and Rovio's officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) harmless from any claims, demands, damages or other losses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) made by any third party and which arising from the use of the Services or any breach of these Terms of Use.
However, the above does not apply if the third party claim is not due to your intentional or negligent behavior.
13. Copyright and DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act)
If you believe that the Services or their content infringes your copyright, please send a notice to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland or by email to: legal@rovio.com .
Notices sent to the address provided will be received by Rovio's registered DMCA agent.
Please include all of the following information in your DMCA notice:
Identify the work whose copyright has been infringed.
If your communication refers to multiple works, you can include a representative list of examples.
Identify the material that you believe is infringing, including a description of where the material can be found.
Your description must be precise enough to allow Rovio to locate the material.
Include your full name, mailing address, phone number and (if available) email address.
Your DMCA notice must contain the following statement:
“I believe that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, agent, or law.
“I certify that the information in this DMCA notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.”
Please note that if you knowingly make a false representation that any material or activity is infringing, you will be subject to legal action pursuant to 17 U.S.C. 512(f) for any damages (including attorneys' fees and other costs incurred by us or our users) as a result.
If you are unsure whether the material or activity you are reporting violates applicable law, you should contact an attorney before notifying Rovio.
14. Links to Third Party Products and Services
Rovio may link to third-party websites or services through the Services.
You understand that Rovio makes no representations regarding the content, goods or services provided by such third parties and that Rovio does not endorse such third parties.
Furthermore, Rovio will not be liable to you for any loss or damage caused by these third parties.
You are responsible for all costs you incur in connection with these third parties.
You understand that any information you provide to such third parties will be subject to such third parties' privacy policies (if any) and that Rovio's privacy policies will not apply to such information you provide.
15. Changes to these Terms of Use
Regardless of Art.
8 “Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver,” Rovio may update these Terms of Use from time to time based on new legal, technical or economic developments.
If these Terms of Use are updated, Rovio will take reasonable steps to notify you of the changes on the Services or by other means, commensurate with the relevance of the changes made by Rovio.
If you continue to access or use our Services after the update becomes effective, you agree to be bound by the updated Terms of Service.
16. Governing Law
If you are a resident of the United States of America, in addition to Article 8 above (“Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver”), these Terms of Use are also governed by the laws of the State of California and applicable federal laws, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
If you reside outside of the United States of America, you agree that any dispute between you and Rovio will be governed by the laws of Finland, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You agree that any claim or action against Rovio will be resolved exclusively by a court located in Espoo, Finland.
If the legal system of the country in which you reside prevents Rovio from enforcing this provision under applicable law, these Terms of Use will not limit your rights based on the laws applicable in your place of residence.
17. Assignment, severability clause and overall agreement
Rovio may assign these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, to any other person or entity at any time without your consent.
You may not assign or transfer any rights or obligations under these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy without Rovio's prior written consent.
Any unauthorized assignment or transfer by you will be void.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary.
The other provisions of these Terms of Use remain unaffected and remain in effect.
Rovio's failure to assert any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and Rovio with respect to the Services and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between you and Rovio.
The failure of Rovio to exercise or enforce any of its rights under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of its right to enforce such right.
Any waiver of such rights will be valid only if in writing and must be signed by an authorized representative of Rovio.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact support@rovio.com.
