Ryanair Group website terms and conditions
1. General
The owner of this website is Ryanair DAC, an Irish company, registration number.
104547, Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co. Dublin, Irland („Ryanair“).
By using this website, you agree to be legally bound by and to act in accordance with these Terms of Use.
In particular, you agree to refrain from the actions prohibited in paragraphs 3 to 5 below.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not permitted to use this website and you agree not to make any such use.
2. Exclusively online sales channel
This website is the only website authorized to sell Ryanair Group flights (which also includes Ryanair DAC, Ryanair Sun, Ryanair UK and Laudamotion) alone or in conjunction with other services including other services.
Price comparison websites may request Ryanair to enter into a written license agreement permitting such websites to access Ryanair Group airlines' information on prices, flights and flight times solely for price comparison purposes.
3. Permitted Use
You may use this website exclusively for private, non-commercial purposes.
The use of any automated system or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract data from this website for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”) is strictly prohibited.
Ryanair reserves the right to take appropriate action, including bringing legal proceedings without prior notice, in the event of any unauthorized use of this website.
4. All rights reserved to ensure permitted use and/or prevent unauthorized use.
Ryanair reserves the absolute right to take any action it deems necessary against any party involved in the unauthorized use of its website, without prior notice, to defend their rights and prevent such unauthorized use, including the use of Blocking technologies (which may themselves include conducting automated searches on those parties' websites, as well as screen scraping on those pages, triggering screen scraping on the Ryanair website by those parties, breaches of the terms of use of those parties' websites or similar or related thereto related actions) and/or the initiation of legal proceedings.
5. Ryanair’s consent to investigate violations.
Ryanair reserves the full right to conduct all necessary investigations into any breach (whether technology-based or otherwise) of these Terms of Use.
By accessing this website, you agree that Ryanair may carry out all necessary investigations to prevent unauthorized use of the website.
6. Intellectual Property
All information, data and materials on this website, including names, logos, schedules, prices, etc. as well as the color scheme and layout of the website, are protected by copyright, trademark law, database protection law and/or other intellectual property laws.
You may only use this content to the extent strictly necessary for private, non-commercial purposes.
Any other use and/or reproduction of the Contents is prohibited without the prior written consent of Ryanair, is a breach of these Terms of Use and may infringe Ryanair's intellectual property rights.
7. Links to this website
You are not authorized to establish and/or operate links to this website without the prior written consent of Ryanair.
8. Limited Liability
Ryanair will not be liable for any loss and/or damage arising from the use of this website or any other website to which a link from this website refers and/or from the use of the information contained in each case.
9. Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction
It is a condition of the use of any Ryanair Group website, including access to information on flight details, costs, etc., that each party submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Ireland and the application of the laws of that jurisdiction (subject to other mandatory consumer law provisions).
This includes any party accessing such information or facilities on behalf of themselves or others.
Ryanair will have the sole discretion to bring proceedings against the relevant party in the event of a breach of these Terms and Conditions, with the venue being either in Ireland, the country in which the breach occurred or at the registered office of the relevant party or, in the case of multiple parties Seat of a party, with the other parties submitting to this jurisdiction.
For better understanding, if a passenger or person who has been transported or is to be transported under a contract of carriage with a Ryanair Group airline wishes to initiate proceedings against a Ryanair Group airline in connection with that contract of carriage , exclusively the provisions of the Montreal Agreement 1999 and EU Regulation 2027/1997 (as amended by EU Regulation 889/2002) in their current version apply.
