Terms of Use
Last updated: February 2020
Who are we?
Skyscanner ("us", "we" or "our" - as the context may require) provides online travel searches (including price comparisons for flights, hotels and car rentals) and other travel services (the "Services") through our websites, apps and other platforms (the “Platforms”) to travelers worldwide.
Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for providing, setting or controlling prices for any travel options or products you may search for and find and book through our Services (“Third Party Travel Products”).
All third party travel products are provided by independent travel agents, airlines, hotels, tour operators or other third parties (“Travel Providers”) and are subject to the terms and conditions of such third parties.
Our Services and Platforms are provided by Skyscanner Limited, a private limited company registered in England and Wales with company number 04217916.
Other entities that directly or indirectly regulate, are regulated by or are affiliated with Skyscanner are referred to in these Terms and Conditions as “Skyscanner Affiliates”.
Further information, including postal address and registered office, can be found on our company page.
These Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions (“Terms”), together with our Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy and our Community Guidelines, govern your access and use of our Services and Platforms.
By accessing or using the Skyscanner Services or Skyscanner Platforms, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to these Terms and Conditions, as well as the terms of the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Community Guidelines.
Some of the services and platforms (for example our Skyscanner for Business products) impose different terms and conditions on your use of those services.
In such cases, this will be clearly stated to you and these terms and conditions will apply instead of or together with these terms and conditions.
We may change these terms and conditions at any time and in our sole discretion.
If these Terms and Conditions are changed, we will post the revised Terms and Conditions and you will be deemed to have accepted any changes if you continue to use our Services or Platforms after notice of the changes.
If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions, you must not use our services or platforms.
The use of our services
You may only use our services and platforms in accordance with applicable law and for legitimate reasons.
If you agree to these Terms and Conditions, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to download, access and use our Services and Platforms solely for personal, non-commercial and no other purposes.
We grant you this license provided that you agree not to:
Using our Services or Platforms for any purpose that is abusive or unlawful, or posting, sharing or transmitting any material that: (i) is defamatory, abusive, obscene or otherwise objectionable; (ii) violate the confidentiality or privacy or rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights; (iii) is published, shared or transmitted for the purpose of advertising or promoting yourself or any third party; or (iv) is misleading or misrepresents your identity or in any way suggests that you are sponsored by or affiliated with Skyscanner to be connected; or (v) for which you do not otherwise have rights or permissions to be provided;
Use our Services or Platforms for any commercial purpose or in any way that could harm Skyscanner or bring Skyscanner into disrepute;
Disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise decompile any software, applications, updates or hardware incorporated into or available through our Services or Platforms, except as permitted by law;
Reproducing, distributing, communicating to the public, selling, renting, contracting or otherwise exploiting our Services or Platforms or attempting to violate or circumvent any security measures employed to restrict your access to or use of our Services or Platforms;
Using or disrupting our Services or Platforms in any way that could damage, disable, overburden, influence or impair our systems or security, or disrupt other users;
Introduce or transmit any destructive or harmful code, viruses, worms or Trojan horses, or any “denial of service” or “spam” attacks on our Services or Platforms; or
Remove, alter or replace any author, trademark, company name, logo or other identifying notice on our Services or Platforms or pass or attempt to pass off our Services or Platforms as the product of anyone other than Skyscanner.
You further agree not to use any unauthorized automatic computer programs, software agents, bots, spiders or other software or applications to scan, copy, index, sort or otherwise exploit our Services or Platforms or the data contained therein .
Skyscanner has made significant investments to collect, process and display travel data from thousands of providers and provides access to travel data on a commercial API basis.
Therefore, any violation of this provision will be deemed a material breach of these Terms and Conditions and Skyscanner reserves the right to take technical or legal measures to detect and restrict unauthorized, automated access to our Services and Platforms.
If you register for an account on our Services or Platforms using login information or a password, you are responsible for keeping the password and login information confidential and keeping it secure.
If you learn or suspect for any reason that the security of your login data is no longer guaranteed, please inform our customer service immediately.
Our Services and Platforms are not intended for use by children under the age of 16, and persons under the age of 16 are not permitted to provide any information on or through our Services or Platforms.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16, and if we discover that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16, we will delete it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Because part of our Services or Platforms is hosted on a third party website (for example, Facebook or another social media website) and there are separate terms and conditions for that third party website, you agree to comply with those terms and conditions in addition to these Terms and Conditions.
Sharing information with us
We take your privacy very seriously and operate in accordance with all applicable data protection laws at all times.
You acknowledge that any Personal Information (as defined in our Privacy Policy) that you share on or through our Services or Platforms may be used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You agree to ensure that any personal information you provide to us is accurate and current and that you have all necessary consents, licenses or permissions to allow us to use such information in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, our Community Guidelines and our Privacy Policy to use.
To the extent our Services or Platforms allow you to post, upload, transmit or otherwise make available information, images, videos or other data with Skyscanner or other Skyscanner users (“User Content”), you agree that :
You are solely responsible for the User Content that you upload and display and agree that you will not share anything that you do not have the permission or right to share and for which you cannot grant the license described in paragraph 2 below;
Even if all intellectual property rights that exist in User Content are owned by you or your licensees, and you have the right at any time to share your User Content with other users, you hereby give notice to Skyscanner and Skyscanner's affiliated companies exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to host, use, electronically and otherwise reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, adapt, publish, translate and create derivative works from all such User Content (in accordance with our Privacy Policy), including for the purposes of advertising and marketing our services and platforms.
For example, we provide user content to our business partners and other Skyscanner companies so that it can be displayed on their own websites.
You control the User Content that you upload to the Skyscanner Services and may revoke this license at any time by deleting either the User Content or your Skyscanner account.
Deleted User Content will be promptly removed within 48 hours.
We have no obligation to store, maintain, publish or make available the User Content you upload and you are responsible for creating any necessary backup copies of your own User Content;
If you provide us with suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas or other feedback (“Feedback”), you irrevocably assign to us ownership of all intellectual property rights contained in such Feedback and acknowledge that we will not use such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever use and share at our own discretion.
You can share feedback with us by clicking on the “Feedback” tab or by contacting customer service.
Property of Skyscanner
Unless otherwise described in these Terms and Conditions, all intellectual property rights, including copyright (including copyright in computer software), patents, trademarks or company names, design rights, database rights, know-how, trade secrets and confidentiality rights in our Services and Platforms (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”) owned by or licensed to Skyscanner.
You acknowledge that your use of the Services or Platforms gives you no right, title or other interest therein, except for the limited license granted to you through these Terms and Conditions.
You further acknowledge that you may not access the source code of any service or platform unless it is released with a license specifically granted for such access.
Property of other people
We respect the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If you believe that your copyright is infringed by any content on our Services or Platforms, please send written notice of such alleged infringement to our Legal Department at legal@skyscanner.net.
Alternatively, you can also contact us in writing at the following postal address:
Skyscanner Legal Department
Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh, EH3 9EN
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DCMA), your notice should include the following information to assist us in investigating and resolving alleged infringement (the responsibility of which is the responsibility of the Legal Department):
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of the material that you claim has been infringed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate such material on our Services (providing URL(s) of the material is sufficient);
contact information sufficient to permit Skyscanner to contact you, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an email address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
Only claims made under the DMCA will require a statement from you, made under penalty of perjury, certifying that the information contained in your statement is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or is the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, including your real or electronic signature.
Price Accuracy and Disclaimer
The use of our services and platform is entirely at your own risk.
Although we enforce strict pricing accuracy policies with all travel partners that provide travel data and always do our best to ensure that the content displayed on or through our Services and Platforms is current and accurate, we cannot guarantee the reliability of such content.
Likewise, our price predictions are based on data we collect based on past price trends, however we cannot guarantee that our predictions are accurate.
We provide the Services and Platforms on an "as is" basis and expressly disclaim all warranties, terms and conditions and guarantees of any kind, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability and accuracy, and all warranties arising from usage of trade, commercial customs or the fulfillment of the contract.
To the extent permitted by law, we do not represent or warrant that our services or platforms (a) are accurate, complete or current, (b) will always be available, (c) will meet your expectations, or (d) will be secure or free from errors, malfunctions, defects, viruses or malware.
Price predictions
Skyscanner offers you flight price forecasts if you choose to set up a price alert.
Our price predictions represent our best estimate at the time and are based on the data we have collected related to past trends.
There is no guarantee that our forecasts will be accurate as pricing and availability depend on third parties, as explained above.
You are free to trust our forecasts, but we cannot and do not guarantee their accuracy and accept no liability for inaccuracies or unavailability of non-binding prices.
Making travel bookings via Skyscanner
Skyscanner is not a travel agency and is not responsible for providing any travel options shown through the Services or Platforms or for setting or controlling the prices shown.
Any third-party travel products you find and/or book through our Services or Platforms are provided by independent travel providers.
Skyscanner facilitates your bookings with travel providers but is not responsible for and assumes no liability in connection with such bookings.
The identity of the relevant Travel Provider and the terms and conditions applicable to your booking (“Travel Provider Terms”) will be disclosed to you at the time of booking and you must ensure that you read and understand them fully before making your booking.
The travel provider's terms and conditions describe what rights you have against the travel provider and explain their liability to you in the event of errors.
You agree to fully comply with all applicable Travel Provider terms and conditions.
You acknowledge that violations of the travel provider's terms and conditions may result in the cancellation of tickets or reservations, loss of frequent flyer miles and other benefits, and the incurrence of additional costs.
If you have used our platforms to book two or more travel-related products within 24 hours (for example, a flight and a hotel booking made separately but within 24 hours), this may result in the bookings being recorded as " “related travel services” are classified depending on where you are located and the applicable consumer protection laws.
When linked travel services are created, you do not have the same level of consumer protection as if you had booked a flight and hotel together through a single agent (and may benefit from benefits applicable to package holidays).
This means that you must rely on the individual travel providers to perform their services and you have no legal recourse against the organizer and retailer of a package holiday.
In the event of insolvency of one of the providers of the associated travel services, the protective mechanisms in accordance with the EU regulation on package tours do not apply.
Limitations and Disclaimers
These Terms describe the full extent of Skyscanner's obligations and liability in connection with our Services and Platforms.
Skyscanner accepts no responsibility for any agreements you enter into with third parties (including any travel providers) as a result of your use of our Services and Platforms.
If you encounter any problems when booking or attempting to book through Skyscanner, you acknowledge that you must resolve the issue with the relevant Travel Provider and that your sole remedy in such circumstances, including any refunds, is with the relevant Travel Provider and not Skyscanner lies.
If our Services and Platforms contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
You may see advertising material placed by third parties on our Services and Platforms.
Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material and Skyscanner assumes no responsibility for the content of the advertising material, including any errors, omissions or inaccuracies therein.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we (together with our officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, providers and third parties) assume no liability for (a) any inaccuracies or omissions in the content displayed on or through our Services and Platforms, ( b) any force majeure, accident, delay or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind (including lost profits or savings), whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or Anything else you may incur as a result of or in connection with your access to, use of, or inability to access or use our Services and Platforms or their content.
Subject to these Terms and to the extent permitted by law, our maximum aggregate liability to you arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your access to or use of, or inability to access or use, our Services and Platforms shall be: £100 (one hundred pounds sterling).
Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude (a) our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or our fraudulent or fraudulent misrepresentation, (b) any other liability which cannot be legally excluded, or (c) your statutory rights.
Your liability to us
Subject to these Terms, you will be responsible and liable to us for all actions, claims, proceedings, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by us or Skyscanner's affiliated companies and any of our officers, directors, employees and agents arising out of your use of it Our Services and Platforms or any aspect related to your use or breach of these Terms.
completion
Skyscanner may, in its sole discretion, at any time and immediately terminate any agreement entered into with you under these Terms upon notice to you and/or, if you have a login account, terminate your membership and access to your account and delete any User Content that you uploaded to our services or platforms.
Skyscanner may terminate your access and use, in whole or in part, at any time and without notice, without any liability to you, for example to prevent the upload of User Content.
General Provisions
You acknowledge that your unauthorized use of our Services or Platforms may result in irreparable damage and injury to Skyscanner and/or its affiliates or licensees, for which monetary compensation will be inadequate.
Thus, in the event of such unauthorized use, we and our affiliates and/or licensees (if applicable) will have the right to issue an immediate injunction against you, in addition to any other remedies available.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision (in whole or in part) of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions (in whole or in part).
Any provision, in whole or in part, that is deemed invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction will be removed from these Terms.
These conditions apply to you personally.
You may not assign these Terms, in whole or in part, to any third party without our prior written consent.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us and you, and supersede all prior terms, conditions, agreements and rules governing your use of our Services or Platforms.
We will respond immediately if there is evidence of User Content that violates these Terms.
If you are aware of illegal activities or suspect that illegal activities are taking place, please contact our customer service team.
Any failure by us to enforce these Terms will not constitute a waiver of them or limit the right to subsequently enforce these Terms.
A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no right to enforce any provision of these Terms.
Regardless of the country from which you access or use our Services or Platforms, and to the extent permitted by law, these Terms and your use are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales the resolution of any dispute that may arise as a result of these Terms.
If you use our Services or Platforms for commercial purposes or with any unauthorized computer program that is prohibited as described in the “Use of our Services” section above, you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales in all disputes arising therefrom, except there is an existing, different agreement between us that regulates your use.
Contact
If you require further information about Skyscanner or have suggestions about how we could improve our services or platforms, please contact our customer service team.
Alternatively, write to us at Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh EH3 9EN, for the attention of the Chief Legal Officer.
