Snap Group Limited Terms of Use
(If you live outside the US)
Valid from: January 10, 2017
Welcome!
We are pleased that you have chosen Snapchat and our other products and services, which we refer to collectively as the “Services” for convenience.
We have drafted these Terms of Use (the “Terms”) so that you will understand the rules governing our relationship with you.
Although we have tried not to write these terms in legalese, some sections still sound like a normal contract.
There is good reason for this: these Terms are in fact a legally binding contract between you and Snap Group Limited.
So please read it carefully.
By using the Services you agree to the Terms.
It goes without saying that if you do not agree to the Terms, you should not use the Services.
These Terms apply if you live outside of the United States or are using the Services on behalf of a company located outside of the United States.
If you live in the United States or are using the Services on behalf of a company based there, the Snap Inc. Terms of Service apply.
ARBITRATION NOTICE: IF YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, THAT COMPANY WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONTAINED BELOW IN THESE TERMS OF USE.
1. Who may use the Services?
Persons under the age of 13 are not permitted to open an account or use the Services.
We may offer additional services with additional terms and conditions for which you must be older.
Therefore, read the complete terms and conditions carefully.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that:
You are able to enter into a legally binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
You are not prohibited from using the Services under any laws of the United States, United Kingdom or any other applicable jurisdiction, i.e. H. You are not on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or subject to any similar prohibition.
You will comply with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you are authorized to grant all licenses set forth in these Terms and to agree to the Terms on behalf of the company or legal entity.
2. Rights we grant you
Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services.
This license applies solely to your use of the Services in a manner consistent with these Terms and our usage guidelines, such as our Community Guidelines.
You can automatically download any software we provide.
You may also install upgrades, updates, or other new features.
You may be able to customize these automatic downloads in your device settings.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or rent any part of our Services.
You may also not reverse engineer the software or attempt to extract its source code unless such restrictions are prohibited by law or without our written consent.
3. Rights you grant us
Many of our Services allow you to create, upload, post, send, receive and store content.
You retain all of your original ownership rights to the content.
But you grant us a license to use that content.
The extent of this license depends on the Services you use and the settings you choose.
For all Services other than Live Stories, Local Stories and other crowdsourcing services, you grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and their affiliates a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt , edit, publish, and distribute that content for as long as you use the Services.
This license is granted solely for the purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting and improving the Services and researching and developing new services.
Because Live Stories, Local Stories and other crowdsourcing services are inherently public and of general interest, the license you grant us with respect to the content submitted to these services is broader.
In addition to granting the rights set forth in the previous paragraph, you also grant us a license to create derivative works from the content submitted to Live Stories, Local Stories or other crowdsourcing services, and to promote, display, broadcast, syndicate, and sublicense your content , publicly perform and display publicly, in any form and in any (existing or future developed) media and distribution channels.
When you appear in, create, upload, post or submit Live Stories, Local Stories or other crowdsourced content, you grant to Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and our affiliates and business associates, to the extent necessary, the full, worldwide right and rights unrestricted, worldwide license to use your name, likeness and voice.
This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc., or our affiliates and business partners if your name, likeness or voice is used in Live Stories, Local Stories or other crowdsourcing services on either the Snapchat app or on the platforms of one of our business partners.
For more information about how to adjust who can see your content, see our privacy policy and support website.
Although we have no obligation to do so, we may access, review, view, and delete your content at any time and for any reason.
This is particularly true if we believe you are in breach of the Terms.
However, you remain solely responsible for the Content you create, upload, post, send or store using the Services.
The Services may contain advertising.
In consideration for Snap Group Limited allowing you to access and use the Services, you agree that we, Snap Inc., our affiliates and third party partners may display advertising within the Services, including personalized advertising displayed on based on the information you provide to us or that we collect about you.
Because the Services contain content that you and other users provide to us, advertisements may sometimes appear near your content.
We are always interested in feedback from our users.
However, if you voluntarily send us feedback or suggestions, you should know that we may use your ideas without compensation.
4. The content of others
Much of the content on our Services is created by users, publishers and other third parties.
Whether posted publicly or sent privately, Content is the sole responsibility of the person or entity that submitted it.
Although Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review all Content displayed on the Services and to remove any Content that violates these Terms, we do not necessarily review all Content.
We therefore cannot and do not assume responsibility for the content provided by others as part of the Services.
With these Terms and our Community Guidelines we make it clear that we do not want any misuse of the Services.
However, because we do not review all Content, we cannot ensure that Content on the Services always complies with these Terms or our policies.
5. Data protection
Protecting your privacy is important to us.
To learn more about how your information is handled when you use our Services, see our Privacy Policy.
We recommend that you read the privacy policy carefully because by using our Services, you agree that your information may be collected and processed by Snap Group Limited in the United Kingdom and by Snap Inc. in the United States, as well as its partners, and outside the country in which you are you reside, including to countries that may not have the same data protection laws as your home country.
6. Respecting the rights of others
Snap Group Limited respects the rights of others.
And you should do that too.
Therefore, you should not use the Services to:
Violate or violate the publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of others.
Bully, harass or harass others.
slander others.
harass our users through spam or unwanted contact.
You must also respect the rights of Snap Group Limited and its partners, including Snap Inc.
These Terms do not give you any right
use any trademarks, logos, designs, photos, videos or other materials used as part of our Services.
Copy, archive, download, upload, distribute, syndicate, broadcast, perform, display, make available or otherwise exploit any portion of the Services or the content of the Services, except as otherwise provided in these Terms.
use the Services, tools provided as part of the Services or content of the Services for commercial purposes without our consent.
In Short: You may not use the Services or the content on the Services in any way that you are not authorized to do under these Terms.
You can't help anyone else do that either.
7. Safeguarding copyrights
We respect copyright.
Therefore, we take reasonable steps to remove infringing material from our Services as soon as we become aware of it.
If Snap Group Limited becomes aware that a user is a repeat infringer of copyright, we will take reasonable steps, within our means, to terminate that user's account.
You can easily report potential copyright infringements.
If you believe that any content on the Services infringes any copyright or proprietary right you hold, complete this form.
You can also contact our copyright agent:
Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291, USA
E-mail: copyright@snap.com
When you send a notice to our copyright agent:
It must contain a handwritten or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
The copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed must be identified.
Identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the claimed infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled.
Sufficient information must also be provided to enable us to locate the material.
It must include your contact information including address, telephone number and email address.
You must provide a personal statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
You must state that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
8. Security
We strive to make the Services safe for all users.
However, we cannot guarantee this.
This is where you come into play.
By using the Services, you agree that:
you will not use the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by these Terms;
You will not use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated process or interface to access our Services or collect other users' data;
you will not use or develop any external apps that interact with our Services or other users' content or information without our written consent;
you will not use the Services in any manner that interferes with, disrupts, impairs or inhibits any other user's full enjoyment of the Services, or in any manner that damages, disables, overburdens or impairs the functionality of the Services in any way;
you will not use or attempt to use other users' accounts, usernames or passwords without their consent;
you will not ask other users for their login information;
you will not post content that contains pornography, violent images, threats, hate messages or incitements to violence;
you will not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services;
you will not attempt to circumvent content filtering procedures or access unauthorized areas or features of the Services;
not to probe, scan or scan for vulnerabilities of our Services or other systems or networks;
You will not encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
Your safety when using our services is also important to us.
Therefore, do not use our Services in a way that violates traffic or safety laws.
For example, please never snap while driving.
And don't put yourself or others at risk trying to snap something cool.
9. Your account
You are responsible for all activities that occur on your Snapchat account.
That's why it's important that you secure your account.
For this you should e.g. B. Choose a strong password that you do not use for any other account.
By using the Services, you not only agree to common sense behavior, but also to the following:
You don't create multiple accounts for yourself.
If we have deactivated your account, you will not create a new one unless you have our written consent to do so.
You will not buy, sell, lend, or rent access to your Snapchat account, Live Stories, Snaps, a Snapchat username, or a friend link to another Snapchatter without our written consent.
You do not share your password with others.
You will not log into or access the Services using any unauthorized third-party applications or clients.
If you suspect a stranger has access to your account, contact Snapchat support directly.
10. Memorys
Memories is our archiving service that makes it easier for you to access your favorite snaps and reminisce anytime, anywhere.
By agreeing to these terms, you automatically activate Memories.
Once Memories is activated, it stays that way for as long as your Snapchat account exists.
However, you always have the option of turning off certain Memories functions in the settings.
One of Memories' features allows you to create a restricted area by setting up a passcode.
The passcode can be a PIN, a passphrase, or another mechanism.
The whole thing is similar to the device lock function that is available on many smartphones.
Setting up a passcode reduces the likelihood that other people who get their hands on your device will be able to see what you have stored in the restricted area of ​​Memories.
But beware!
If you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or enter an incorrect passcode too often, you will be denied access to any content you have stored in the restricted area of ​​Memories.
We do not offer a way to recover your passcode for this restricted area.
You are solely responsible for not forgetting your passcode.
You can find more information about passcodes on our support website.
There are various reasons why your content may not be available in Memories, such as technical difficulties or a decision by us to terminate your account.
Because we cannot promise that your content will be available at all times, we recommend that you make separate copies of it.
We cannot promise that the storage capacity of Memories will always be sufficient to meet your personal storage needs.
We reserve the right to limit storage space in Memories and to adjust this limit from time to time in our sole discretion.
And as with our other services, Memories may use up your mobile device's storage space and may incur additional data charges.
You may not sell features of Memories.
In other words, you may not use Memories to operate your own data storage or distribution service for third parties.
11. Data Charges and Cell Phones
Any mobile phone charges incurred through the use of our Services are your responsibility.
This also applies to SMS and data charges.
If you do not know what these fees are, you should check with your provider before using the Services.
If your mobile phone number associated with your account changes or is deactivated, you must update your account information within 72 hours through Settings to prevent us from sending messages to you to someone else.
12. Third Party Services
If you use a third-party service, feature or function made available through our Services (including the services we offer jointly with the third party), the contractual relationship between you and that party will be governed by their respective terms of use.
Neither Snap Group Limited nor Snap Inc. is responsible for any third party's terms of service or any actions taken under them.
13. Modification and Termination of Services
We are constantly improving and adding to our services.
This means we may add or remove features, products or functionality, or suspend or terminate the entire Services.
We may take any of these measures at any time.
If we do this, we will try to inform you in advance, but this will not always be possible.
While we hope you stay a Snapchatter forever, you may terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your account.
Snap Group Limited may also terminate these Terms and Conditions with you at any time for any reason.
And although we will try to let you know in advance, we cannot guarantee it.
Our right to terminate these Terms means that we may stop providing you with Services or impose new or additional limitations on Service use.
So we can e.g. For example, you can deactivate your account because you have been inactive for a long time, or reclaim your username at any time and for any reason.
Regardless of who terminates these Terms, you and Snap Group Limited will continue to be bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 13 through 22 of these Terms.
14. Release of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and our affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents from any and all complaints, actions, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and indemnify, defend, and hold harmless any expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with (a) your access to or use of the Services, (b) your Content, and (c) any breach by you of these Terms .
15. Disclaimers
We make every effort to offer the services without any disruptions.
But we can't promise you that this will always work.
The Services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and to the extent permitted by law, without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including any implied warranties, conditions or other terms of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose Existence of legal claims, undisturbed use, non-infringement of third-party rights or those arising from commercial usage.
In addition, while Snap Group Limited strives to ensure a good user experience, we neither represent nor warrant that (a) the Services will always be secure, error-free or available on a timely basis, (b) the Services will always be without delays, disruptions or Errors function, or (c) any content or information you obtain through the Services is current or accurate.
Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and their partners assume no responsibility or liability for any Content that you, any other user or any third party creates, uploads, posts, sends, receives or stores on the Services.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that is offensive, unlawful, misleading or otherwise inappropriate; Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. or their affiliates assume no responsibility in this regard.
16. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and our affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or for any punitive or multiple damages, or for any loss of profits or revenues, whether arising directly or indirectly, or for any loss of data, loss of use, diminution of goodwill or other intangible losses resulting from (a) your use of or inability to use the Services, (b) your access to or inability to use the Services to access the Services, (c) the conduct or content of other users or third parties on the Services, or (d) any unauthorized access, use or modification of your Content, even if Snap Group Limited is aware of the possibility of such damages was pointed out.
In no event will the aggregate liability of Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. or its affiliates for all claims relating to the Services exceed GBP 100 or the amount you have paid to Snap Group Limited, if any, in the last 12 months.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN DAMAGES.
THEREFORE, SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
17. Dispute Resolution; arbitration
If you have a concern, let's talk about it.
Speak to us and contact us and we will do our best to resolve the matter.
Some of our Services may contain additional terms that contain dispute resolution provisions that apply only to the relevant Service or your country of residence.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business (rather than for your personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes between us arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Services will be waived to the extent as permitted by law, shall be finally settled under the LCIA Arbitration Rules, which are incorporated by reference into this clause.
There will be one arbitrator (to be appointed by the LCIA), the place of arbitration will be London and the arbitration will be conducted in English.
If you do not wish to agree to this clause, you must not use our Services.
18. Exclusive Place of Jurisdiction
To the extent that these Terms permit the parties to bring proceedings in court, you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of the Terms or the use of the Services or relating thereto, shall be heard exclusively in the English courts of the United Kingdom, unless this is prohibited by the laws of the country in which you reside.
You and Snap Group Limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
19. Choice of Law
These Terms and Conditions and any claims or disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms or their subject matter (whether contractual or otherwise) are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
The courts of some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales to some disputes arising in connection with these Terms.
If you reside in one of these countries, the laws of your home country may apply to these disputes.
20. Severability clause
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from the remaining Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
21. Additional Terms for Specific Services
Given the breadth of our services, we sometimes need to write additional terms and conditions for certain services.
If you use these Services, these additional terms and conditions attached to each Service will become part of your agreement with us.
If any portion of the Additional Terms conflicts with these Terms, the Additional Terms will control.
22. Final Terms
These Terms (together with any additional terms applicable to specific Services you use) constitute the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede all prior agreements.
These Terms do not create or transfer any rights to any third party beneficiary.
Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms will not constitute a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You may not assign any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.
Contact
Snap Group Limited welcomes comments, questions, comments and suggestions.
You can send us feedback or receive support using this online form.
The company responsible for the Services outside the United States is Snap Group Limited and is located at 7-11 Lexington Street, London W1F 9AF, United Kingdom.
Its company registration number is 09763672. Authorized Representative: David Lewis, Director.
USt.-ID: GB 237218316.
