Spotify General Terms and Conditions of Use – Germany
Valid from September 9, 2015
introduction
Contract changes
Use Spotify
Rights we grant you
Third Party Applications
User Generated Content
Rights you grant us
User Guide
Violations and reporting of user-generated content
Limitations and Changes to the Service
Brand accounts
Spotify Support Community
Customer support
Export control
Payments, termination and cooling off period
Duration and Termination
Warranty and Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Rights of Third Parties
Complete contract
Severability and waiver
transmission
Indemnification
Choice of Law, Mandatory Arbitration and Location
Contact
Hello and welcome to our terms of use.
They are important and affect your rights, so please read them and our Privacy Policy, as well as any terms and conditions referred to herein, carefully.
We hope you are sitting comfortably and listening to good music.
It's starting…
1. Introduction
We are pleased that you have chosen Spotify (“Spotify”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
Through your registration or use of the Spotify services, websites and software applications (collectively, the “Spotify Services” or “Services”) or when you access any content or material available from Spotify as part of the Services (the “Content “) has been provided, you are entering into a binding contract with Spotify AB, whose contact information and VAT ID number can be found at the end of the document Spotify Services also include the Spotify Support Community, as described in section Spotify Support Community described.
The Spotify Services include social and interactive features.
Find out more about the Spotify service on our website.
The use of Spotify services depends on various technical requirements.
Your agreement with us includes these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) and any other agreement to which you agree as described in the Complete Agreement section (collectively, the “Agreements”).
If you would like to read the terms of the agreements again, you can access the current version on the Spotify website.
Read the agreements carefully.
They contain important information about the Spotify Services provided to you and the fees, taxes and charges we charge you.
The Agreements include information about future changes to the Agreements, Export Controls, Automatic Renewal, Limitation of Liability and Privacy Information.
Any information you provide during registration can be corrected during registration.
To do this, simply return to the previous pages and correct the incorrect entries.
To use the Spotify Services and access the Content, you must (a) be 18 years old or older, or 14 years old or older and have your parent's or guardian's consent to the Agreements (except as described below ), (b) you must have the authority to enter into a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so by applicable laws, and (c) be a resident of a country in which the Services are offered.
You also warrant that the information you provide to Spotify during registration is true, accurate and complete and that your information is accurate at all times.
2. Contractual changes
We may change the Agreements from time to time and in our discretion.
As a rule, such changes do not affect data collections that were created in the past.
From time to time we may make editorial changes to the Agreement, which will not affect your ongoing contractual relationship with us.
Such changes include e.g. For example, correcting typographical errors or updating contact information listed in the Agreement.
If we make changes to the Agreement that have an impact on the ongoing contractual relationship with you, we will notify you of this in a conspicuous manner that is appropriate to the circumstances.
This may be a prominent notice within the Services or an email.
This notice will include information about the changes to be made, your right to reject them and the consequences of your rejection.
Therefore, please ensure that you read these communications carefully.
You will be deemed to have accepted the changes if you do not reject them within two weeks.
If we use this process, we will not make any changes that affect the contractual balance, if any, between the Service and your consideration.
If you no longer wish to use the Services under the new Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by notifying us.
To do this, use the customer support contact form.
3. Use Spotify
Here we have put together some information about using Spotify.
3.1 Our Services and Paid Subscriptions
Spotify provides streaming services with a selection of musical and other content.
Certain Spotify services are available to you free of charge.
Other Spotify services require payment before you can access them.
The Spotify paid services are currently referred to as the “Premium Services” and “Unlimited Services” (collectively, the “Paid Subscriptions”).
Spotify services that do not require payment to use are currently offered as “Free Services”.
Further information about our services can be found on our website.
The “Unlimited Services” may not be available to all users.
You will receive information about the availability of the services during registration.
If you cancel your subscription to the Unlimited Services or the Unlimited Services are interrupted (for example, if you change your payment information), you may no longer be able to subscribe to the Unlimited Services.
Please note that Unlimited Services may no longer be available in the future.
In this case, you will no longer be charged for the Services.
If Spotify stops offering the “Unlimited Services,” we will notify you at least 30 days in advance.
As a general rule, and unless expressly excepted in the Audio Advertising Agreement, Spotify and its business partners may serve advertising to Spotify customers through these Services.
3.2 Codes and other prepaid offers
If you have purchased or received a code, gift card, prepaid offer or other offer provided or sold by or through Spotify to access a paid subscription (“Code”), the terms and conditions displayed with the Code also apply Your access to the Services and your acceptance of such Terms.
3.3 Tests
From time to time, we or others on our behalf may offer trial offers of paid subscriptions free of charge for a certain period of time (a “Trial”).
Spotify reserves the right to determine your qualification for such test in its sole discretion and, to the extent it is in Spotify's interest, to modify or withdraw the test at any time without prior notice, without incurring any liability, to the extent permitted by law .
For some tests we will ask you to provide us with your payment details so that you can take advantage of the test offer.
AT THE END OF THESE TRIALS, WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY BILL YOU THE PRORATED SUBSCRIPTION FEE FROM THE FIRST DAY OF THE MONTH FOLLOWING THE END OF THE TRIAL AND MONTHLY FROM THAT TIME.
YOU MUST AGREE TO THIS FEE DURING REGISTRATION IN CONNECTION WITH THIS TEST.
BY PROVIDING US WITH YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TEST, YOU AGREE TO THIS FEE, WHICH THE PAYMENT DETAILS PROVIDED WILL BE USED TO SETTLE.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO PAY THIS FEE, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION ON YOUR SPOTIFY SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT PRIOR TO THE END OF THE TRIAL.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO PAY THIS FEE ON A RECURRING MONTHLY BASIS, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION ON YOUR SPOTIFY SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR SPOTIFY ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE MONTH IN WHICH THE FEE IS RECHARGED.
PAID OFFERS CANNOT BE CANCELED PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE PERIOD FOR WHICH HAS ALREADY BEEN PAID AND, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN THESE TERMS, SPOTIFY WILL NOT REFUND ANY FEES YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID.
YOUR RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL REMAINS UNAFFECTED.
THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION CONTAINS ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR TERMINATION OF YOUR PAID SUBSCRIPTION.
4. Rights we grant you
The Spotify Services and the Content are owned by Spotify or Spotify's licensors.
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to use the Spotify Services and a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to use the Content for personal, non-commercial and entertainment purposes (the “License”).
This license will remain in full force and effect unless and until terminated by you or Spotify as set forth in these Terms and Conditions.
You represent and agree that you will use the License only for your personal, non-commercial and entertainment purposes and will not redistribute or transfer the Spotify Services or Content.
The Spotify Software Applications and the Content are licensed to you, but not sold to you, and Spotify and its licensors retain ownership of all copies of the Spotify Software Applications and the Content, including after they are installed on your personal computers, mobile devices, tablets and/or other relevant devices (“Devices”).
All Spotify trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names and other Spotify brand features (“Spotify Brand Features”) are the exclusive property of Spotify or its licensors.
These Agreements do not grant you any rights to use any of the Spotify Brand Features, whether for commercial or non-commercial use.
You agree to comply with the User Guide and not to use the Spotify Services, the Content or any part thereof in any manner not expressly permitted by these Agreements.
Except for the rights expressly granted to you in these Agreements, Spotify grants you no right, title or interest in the Spotify Services or Content.
Third-party software (such as open-source software libraries) included with the Spotify Services is licensed to you under the agreements or terms of such third-party software license agreements as set forth in the Help or Settings section of your Desktop or mobile clients and/or our website.
5. Third Party Applications
The Spotify Services integrate with third-party applications, websites and services (“Third-Party Applications”) to provide you with content, products and/or services.
Third-party applications may have their own terms of use and privacy policies that govern your use of those third-party applications and whose terms of use and privacy policies govern such use.
You acknowledge and agree that Spotify has no responsibility or liability for the conduct, features or content of any Third Party Application or for any transaction you enter into with the provider of such Third Party Application.
6. User Generated Content
Spotify users may publish, upload and/or contribute (“post”) content to the Services, including, but not limited to, images, text, messages, information, playlist compilations and/or other content (“User-Generated Content”).
For the avoidance of doubt, “User Generated Content” includes any content posted to the Spotify Support Community or other parts of the Spotify Services.
With respect to any User-Generated Content that you post to Spotify, you represent that you have the right to post such Content and that such Content or Spotify's use as contemplated by the Agreements does not violate the Agreements, applicable laws or intellectual property rights ( including, but not limited to, copyrights, publicity rights, privacy rights or other rights of any other person, or implies attribution or endorsement of your User Generated Content by Spotify or any artist, band, label, entity or natural person, without that you have the express written consent of such person or entity.
Spotify may, but is not obligated to, monitor, review or edit User Generated Content.
In individual cases, Spotify reserves the right, taking your interests into account, to remove or disable access to any user-generated content if there are legitimate reasons for this decision.
Such reasons may arise in particular when it is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Spotify users or any other person if the User-Generated Content violates the Agreements or infringes the rights of a third party.
In this case, Spotify will inform you.
We do not promise to remove or disable access to any particular User-Generated Content.
You are solely responsible for any User-Generated Content you post.
Spotify is not responsible for any User Generated Content or any opinions expressed in such User Generated Content.
YOU AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY CLAIM AGAINST SPOTIFY RELATING TO THE USER GENERATED CONTENT YOU POSTED, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS SPOTIFY FROM AND AGAINST ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND COSTS (INCLUDING REASONABLE LEGAL FEES) ARISING FROM ANY SUCH CLAIM ARISE.
This does not apply if you are not guilty of the violation.
7. Rights You Grant Us
Subject to the rights granted to you under these Agreements, you grant Spotify the right to use your device's processor, bandwidth and storage media to provide the Services to you.
If you wish to provide feedback, ideas or suggestions to Spotify in connection with the Spotify Services or Content (“Feedback”), you agree that your Feedback will not be subject to confidentiality and you grant Spotify the right to use your Feedback without restriction and without charge to use.
Your feedback will be considered a type of user-generated content.
You grant Spotify a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully compensated, worldwide license to use, reproduce, make publicly available (e.g. for performance or exhibition), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works and distribution of your User Generated Content in connection with the Services through any medium, whether solely or in conjunction with other content or materials, in any manner, method or technology, whether or not now known or is developed hereafter.
Except for the rights specifically granted herein, you retain all rights, including intellectual property rights, in and to User Generated Content.
You further agree to waive any rights with respect to (i) your right to acknowledge authorship of any User-Generated Content, including Feedback, (ii) the right to revoke the granted rights in such User-Generated Content due to a change in belief, and (iii) that The right to object to, and not to assert, derogatory treatment of user-generated content.
8. User Guide
Spotify respects intellectual property rights and commercial property rights and requires you to do the same.
We have established some basic rules that you must follow while using the service to ensure that Spotify remains fully usable for everyone.
Please follow these rules and encourage other users to do the same.
The following are not permitted under any circumstances:
Copy, retransmit, reproduce, “rip”, record, transmit, perform or make available to the public any portion of the Spotify Services or Content, broadcast or otherwise use the Spotify Services or Content in any manner that is not expressly permitted by the Agreements or applicable law, or that infringes the intellectual property rights (such as copyrights) in the Spotify Services or Content or any portion thereof;
use the Spotify Services to import or copy local files that you do not have the right to import or copy in this manner;
to transfer content from the cache of an authorized device to another device by any means;
Reverse engineer, decompile, de-assemble, modify or create derivative works based on the Spotify Services, Content or any portion thereof, except as permitted by applicable law;
Circumventing any technology used by Spotify, its licensors or third parties to protect the Content or the Services;
Sell, rent, sublicense or lease any part of the Spotify Services or the Content;
Circumventing geographic restrictions applied by Spotify or its licensors;
artificially inflate the Play Count or otherwise manipulate the Services through a script or automated process;
remove or alter any copyright, trademark or intellectual property notices contained in or made available through the Spotify Services (including for the purpose of disclosing or altering the owner or source information of any Content);
Sharing your password with any other person or using any other person's username and password;
“Crawling” the Spotify Services or using other automated means (including bots, scrapers and spiders) to collect information from Spotify or
Selling a user account or playlist or accepting any other compensation, whether financial or otherwise, for influencing the name of a user account or playlist or the content of a playlist or user account.
Respect Spotify, the content owners and other users of the Spotify services.
Do not engage in any activity, post any user-generated content, or register and/or use a username if any of the following applies or contains any material that:
suggestive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, threatening or obscene;
is illegal or is intended to promote or commit any unlawful act of any kind, including, but not limited to, violations of the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights or proprietary rights of Spotify or a third party;
that contains your password or intentionally contains another user's password or intentionally contains or is intended to obtain personal information about a third party;
that contains harmful content such as malware, Trojan horses or viruses or otherwise interferes with a user's access to the Services;
is intended or intended to harass or bully other users;
Impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with any other user, person or entity, or is otherwise fraudulent, false, misleading or misleading;
that uses automated means to artificially promote content;
that involves the transmission of unsolicited mass mailings or other forms of spam (“Spam”), commercial mail, chain letters or the like, including via the Spotify mailbox;
involves commercial sales activities, including advertising, promotion, contests, sweepstakes or pyramid schemes, not expressly authorized by Spotify;
Links to, references or otherwise promotes commercial products or services, except those expressly authorized by Spotify;
Interfere with or in any way disrupt, tamper with, violate the Spotify Services, or probe or scan the vulnerabilities of the Services or in the computer systems, networks, usage rules or security features, authentication measures or any other protective measure of the Spotify Services or Content, or any part thereof or tests, or
violates the Agreements as set forth by Spotify.
You acknowledge and agree that posting such objectionable User-Generated Content may result in temporary or, in the event of material or repeated infringement, permanent suspension of your Spotify account, taking into account your legitimate interests.
In this case, Spotify will inform you in advance.
You further agree that Spotify may reclaim your username for any legitimate reason.
Use Spotify services carefully and be careful when sharing your content.
The Spotify Services include social and interactive features, including the ability to post user-generated content, share content and publish certain information about you.
Remember that any information shared or publicly available can be reused or re-shared by other Spotify users on the internet, so use Spotify carefully and be careful when sharing your content.
Spotify assumes no responsibility for your selection of the material you post to the Services.
Your password protects your user account and you are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure.
Furthermore, you are obliged not to pass on your user account to third parties and to protect your password from access or use by unauthorized third parties.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any use of your username and password for the Services to the extent caused by at least negligent acts or omissions.
If you have lost or stolen your username and password, or if you believe that your account has been used by a third party without your knowledge, contact us immediately and change your password as soon as possible.
9. Violations and Reporting of User-Generated Content
Spotify respects the rights of intellectual property owners.
If you believe that any content violates your intellectual property or other rights, please read Spotify's copyright policy.
If Spotify is notified by a copyright owner that any Content is infringing, Spotify may, in its sole discretion, take action without prior notice to the user providing that Content.
If the providing user believes that the content does not infringe copyright, the providing user may submit a counter-notice to Spotify requesting that the removed content be restored.
If you believe any content violates the User Guidelines, please contact our Customer Care Department.
10. Limitations and Changes to the Service
Spotify will use all reasonable efforts to keep the Services operational.
However, certain technical difficulties may occasionally occur, resulting in a temporary interruption.
You acknowledge, agree and accept that Spotify has no obligation to upgrade or update the Services or to provide all or any specific Content through the Services.
The contractual obligation to provide the Spotify service does not exceed 95% in any month.
Spotify's special service is to provide services for streaming music and for premium users to listen to music offline.
All other features are optional and may be removed or replaced by Spotify at any time.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if you have prepaid fees for a paid subscription that Spotify permanently terminates before the end of the subscription (see the Payments, Cancellation and Cooling Off section), Spotify will refund you the fees accrued for the prepaid period following such termination .
11. Brand Accounts
If you create a Spotify account on behalf of a company, organization, legal entity or brand (a "Brand" or such account, "Brand Account"), the terms "you", "your", as used in all parts of the Agreements, to you and the Brand, as applicable.
If you open a Brand Account, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all powers and licenses under the Agreements and thereby bind Brand to the Agreements.
11.1 Folger
The Brand may only follow those Users who first followed the Brand and the Brand may not engage in any action that implies a partnership or relationship between the Brand and the user it follows, unless the Brand independently and independently does not do so acquired rights as a prerequisite for such a partnership.
The Brand must comply with Spotify's sole discretion to unfollow a User.
11.2 Entertainment
The brand is not allowed to stream media.
11.3 Messages
The brand may only send messages to those users who first sent a message to the brand.
11.4 Branded Playlists and Sharing
Brand may not create or share a Spotify playlist, whether within the Spotify Services or elsewhere, that suggests a partnership or relationship between Brand and an artist or other party, unless Brand is separate and independent acquired the rights required for such a partnership.
Brands should read Spotify's branded playlist guidelines.
12. Spotify Support Community
The Spotify Support Community provides a space for discussions and the exchange of information, tips and other materials related to the Spotify services.
If you wish to use the Spotify Support Community, you must (1) have an active Spotify account and (2) authenticate your Spotify account to use the Support Community (a “Spotify Support Account”).
Instructions for creating a Spotify Support account can be found on the community registration page.
Other than the Agreement, you agree to comply with the Spotify Support Community Guidelines presented to you during registration (the “Support Community Guidelines”) when using the Spotify Support Community.
If you do not agree to these Agreements or the Support Community Guidelines, you may not use the Spotify Support Community.
12.1 The Spotify Support Account
By creating a Spotify Support account, you confirm that all information submitted to Spotify during registration is true, accurate and complete and that you will keep this information current and up to date.
You are strictly prohibited from including any information in your profile that indicates that you are a Spotify employee or moderator, or that you represent that you are such an employee or moderator while using the Spotify Support Community.
You further acknowledge and agree that Spotify may remove or reclaim your username for any legitimate reason.
12.2 No official support
User-Generated Content or other content posted by Spotify employees, moderators and/or Spotify Support Community representatives should not be construed as official support from Spotify.
For official support details, see the Customer Support section.
All content provided or made available to you through the Spotify Support Community by Spotify employees, moderators and/or agents is as is and without warranty of any kind.
You acknowledge that opinions expressed in User Generated Content in the Spotify Support Community are those of the users providing such User Generated Content and in no way reflect the opinions or policies of Spotify or its officers, shareholders, employees, agents, directors, subsidiaries, partners, suppliers or licensors.
12.3 Rewards Program
The Spotify Support Community utilizes a system that allows Spotify, at its sole discretion, to reward users based on the “kudos” received or the quality of a user’s responses.
You agree to award Kudos only to other users (and not to yourself) and only when they have been earned and from any attempt to use the reward system e.g. B. by creating multiple accounts or manipulating artificial answers, refraining from doing so.
You acknowledge that Spotify's decision regarding the Reward is final and binding.
13. Customer Support
If you have any questions about your account or payments (“Customer Care Questions”), submit a ticket to our Customer Care team using the Customer Care contact form located in the “About Us” section of our website.
We will make every reasonable effort to respond to all questions submitted to Customer Care in a timely manner, but we do not guarantee or warrant that all questions submitted to Customer Care will be answered within a specific time frame and/or satisfactorily.
14. Export Control
You represent to us that you (1) are not located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria; and (2) no list of prohibited parties is included herein.
In particular, you agree that you will not, directly or indirectly, distribute any product, software or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) from Spotify to any destination, entity or person under the Agreement sell, export, re-export, transfer, distribute or otherwise dispose of any of the Products prohibited under any applicable law without obtaining the legally required consent of the appropriate governmental authorities to do so.
This export control clause will remain in effect even after termination or termination of the Agreements.
15. Payments, termination and cooling off period
Paid subscriptions may be purchased either by (1) paying a monthly subscription fee or (2) prepaying, which allows you to use the Spotify Services for a specified period of time (“Prepaid Period”).
If you have purchased a paid subscription through the use of a code, your subscription will automatically terminate at the end of the prepaid period or if there is insufficient balance for the Services in your prepaid account.
By registering for a paid subscription, trial or code online, you agree to receive immediate access to Spotify Premium.
If you register for a paid subscription or code online and are based in Germany, the following cancellation rights apply to you:
Right of cancellation
You have the right to cancel this contract within fourteen days without giving any reasons.
The cancellation period is fourteen days from the day the contract is concluded.
In order to exercise your right of withdrawal, you must inform us (Spotify AB, Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm, Sweden, email: kundendienst_de@spotify.com) by means of a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or email). ) about your decision to withdraw from this contract.
You can use the attached sample cancellation form, although this is not mandatory.
In order to meet the cancellation period, it is sufficient that you send the notification of your exercise of the right of cancellation before the cancellation period has expired.
Consequences of revocation
If you cancel this contract, we will refund to you all payments received from you, including delivery costs (except for any additional costs arising from you choosing a method of delivery other than the low-cost standard delivery offered by us have) to be repaid immediately and at the latest within fourteen days from the day on which we received notification of your cancellation of this contract.
For this repayment we use the same payment method that you used for the original transaction, unless something different was expressly agreed with you; under no circumstances will you be charged any fees as a result of this repayment.
The right of withdrawal expires in the case of a contract for the delivery of digital content that is not on a physical data carrier even if the entrepreneur has begun to execute the contract after the consumer 1. has expressly agreed that the entrepreneur has started executing the contract expiry of the cancellation period begins, and 2. has confirmed his knowledge that, through his consent, he will lose his right of cancellation at the start of execution of the contract.
We provide information about the sample cancellation form in accordance with the statutory regulations as follows: Sample cancellation form (If you want to cancel the contract, please fill out this form and send it back.) —
To Spotify AB, Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm, Sweden, email: kundendienst_de@spotify.com — I/we (*) hereby revoke the contract concluded by me/us (*) for the purchase of the the following goods ( * )/the provision of the following service ( * ) — Ordered on ( * ) / received on ( * ) — Name of the consumer(s) — Address of the consumer(s) — Signature of the consumer (s) (only for notifications on paper) — Date (*) Delete as applicable You can also exercise your right of withdrawal using our online contact form (can be found here).
If you make use of this option, we will immediately send you confirmation (e.g. by email) of receipt of such a revocation.
If you purchased your paid subscription as a prepaid period and your payment is made to Spotify (or a third party through whom you purchased your paid subscription, such as a telephone company), your subscription will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period, provided you Do not cancel your paid subscription through your subscription page before the end of the current subscription.
Termination will be effective the day after the last day of your current paid subscription period and you will be downgraded to the free service.
16. Duration and Termination
This contract will only become invalid if you or Spotify terminate it.
However, you acknowledge and agree that the perpetual license you grant in connection with the User Generated Content, including Feedback, is irrevocable and will survive any termination of the Agreements.
Spotify may terminate or suspend these Agreements or your access to the Spotify Services Content at any time for legitimate reasons taking into account your legitimate interests, including in the event of any unauthorized use of the Spotify Services and/or Content or failure to comply with the Agreements.
Both Spotify and you may terminate the Agreement at any time upon 14 days' notice to the end of the month.
If you or Spotify terminate the Agreement or if Spotify terminates your access to the Spotify Services, you agree that Spotify's liability is limited to the provisions of Clause 18.
To find out how to cancel your Spotify account, please contact us using the customer service contact form on our About Us page.
Sections 6, 7, 14, 17, 18, 19, 21, 23 and 24 of these Terms and Conditions and other sections of the Agreements which are expressly or by their nature required to remain in effect after the Agreements are terminated shall survive termination.
17. Warranty and Disclaimer
We strive to provide you with the best possible services, but you can see and agree that the Spotify services "in the current state" and "as available" (see section 10), without express or tacit assurance or condition BECOME.
YOU USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK.
IN PARTICULAR, SPOTIFY MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE SUITABILITY OF THE SPOTIFY SERVICES FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WHICH MAY BE GENERAL AND REASONABLE EXPECTED FROM A SIMILAR SERVICE.
SPOTIFY MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND UNLESS EXPRESSLY AGREED ELSEWHERE.
THE WARRANTY TERMS ONLY APPLY.
YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER REMAIN UNAFFECTED.
18. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR RESOLVING ANY PROBLEM OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SPOTIFY SERVICES IS TO UNINSTALL ANY SPOTIFY SOFTWARE AND TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THE SPOTIFY SERVICES.
BECAUSE SPOTIFY ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT OF THOSE APPLICATIONS, AND BECAUSE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES IS SUBJECT TO SEPARATE AGREEMENTS WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO SPOTIFY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS TER OR ITS CONTENT DE-INSTALLATION AND/OR TERMINATION OF USE OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL SPOTIFY, ITS OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, UNINTENTIONAL, CONTRACT RAFFEN, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, (2) ANY LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY OR PROFITS (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), IN ALL CASES DUE TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICES, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT OF THE THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS , REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL BASIS AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SPOTIFY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLE RISK OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, OR (3) THE ENTIRE EXTENT OF LIABILITY FOR ANYTHING ARISING FROM THE SPOTIFY SERVICES, THE APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY ENDINGS TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM THE CONTENT OF THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS IS GREATER THAN THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU DURING THE PRECEDING TWELVE MONTHS.
Nothing contained in these agreements shall exonerate or limit Spotify's liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury resulting from its negligence and, to the extent required by law, gross negligence.
Some paragraphs in this section may not apply in some jurisdictions where applicable law prohibits them from doing so.
Furthermore, Spotify is fully liable for damages resulting from injury to life, body or health.
In the event of a breach of essential contractual obligations due to simple negligence, Spotify will only be liable for damages or costs that were typically foreseeable.
Essential contractual obligations are those obligations (i) which primarily constitute the actual execution of the contract, (ii) the violation of which endangers the achievement of the execution of the contract and (iii) on whose execution you may legitimately rely.
Spotify’s liability is excluded beyond the cases mentioned above.
In such cases, your sole and exclusive remedy to resolve any problems or dissatisfaction with the Spotify Services is to uninstall any Spotify software and discontinue use of the Spotify Services.
Because Spotify assumes no liability for Third Party Applications or the content of such Third Party Applications, and because your relationship with such third parties is governed by separate agreements with such third parties, your sole remedy, to the extent permitted by law, with respect to Spotify for any problems with or dissatisfaction with the Third Party Applications or their Contents include uninstalling and/or terminating the use of such third-party applications.
19. Rights of Third Parties
You acknowledge and agree that the content owners and certain distributors (such as app store providers) are beneficiaries of the Agreements and will have the right to enforce the Agreements directly against you.
Other than as described in this section, the Agreements are not intended to confer any rights on anyone other than you and Spotify, and in no event will these Agreements give any third party beneficiary rights.
In addition, the rights to terminate, dissolve, or consent to any modification, waiver, or discontinuance of the Agreements are not subject to the consent of any other person.
If you downloaded the App from the Apple Inc. (“Apple”) App Store or if you use the App on an iOS device, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the following Apple Notice agree to this.
This Agreement is between you and Spotify only, and not with Apple.
Apple is not responsible for the Services or the content of the Services.
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance or support services with respect to the Services.
In the event of any failure of the Services to conform to any applicable representation, you will notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price of the applicable App to you and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation with respect to the Services.
Apple will not be liable for addressing any claim by you or any third party relating to the Services or your property and/or use of the Services, including: (1) product liability claims, (2) any claims relating to non-conformity of the Services with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and (3) claims arising under consumer protection legislation or similar laws.
Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any claim by a third party that the Services and/or your property and use of the App infringe that third party's intellectual property rights.
You agree to comply with applicable third party terms and conditions while using the Services.
Apple and Apple's subsidiaries are beneficiaries of this Agreement, and upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a beneficiary of this Agreement.
You hereby represent and warrant that (1) You are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo or in a country that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (2 ) that they are not listed on any prohibited or restricted list maintained by the US government.
20. Complete Agreement
Except as described in this Section or as expressly agreed in writing between you and Spotify, the Agreements constitute all terms and conditions agreed between you and Spotify and supersede all prior agreements, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Please note, however, that other aspects of use of the Spotify Services may be subject to additional agreements.
This includes, for example, access to the Spotify services as a result of a gift card or free or discounted tests.
If you receive an offer for such aspect of your use, you will be presented with additional agreements relating thereto.
You will be given the opportunity to agree to these additional agreements.
Some of the additional terms and conditions are listed on the Spotify website.
21. Severability and Waiver
Unless otherwise provided in the Agreements, if any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or extent, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreements and the application of such provision shall be governed by law enforced within permissible limits.
Failure by Spotify or any beneficiary of these Agreements to enforce the Agreements shall not constitute a waiver by Spotify or any beneficiary of these Agreements to enforce them.
22. Transmission
Spotify may assign these Agreements or any part of these Agreements, and Spotify may delegate its obligations under these Agreements.
You may not assign this Agreement or any part of this Agreement to any third party or sublicense your rights under this Agreement.
23. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Spotify from and against any and all damages (including reasonable legal fees) if: (a) you breach this Agreement; (b) these arise from your user-generated content; (c) these arise as a result of activities that you engage in via the Spotify Services and (d) if you violate the laws and rights of third parties.
The above indemnification clause does not apply if you were not negligent in causing the specific breach.
24. Choice of Law, Mandatory Arbitration and Location
Applicable Law/Jurisdiction
Unless required by the legislation of a member state of the European Union or another legal system, the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them) are governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, without regard to its choice of law and conflict of law provisions.
Spotify does not recognize any codes of conduct as mandatory in connection with the services provided under the Agreements.
25. Contact
If you have any questions about the Spotify Services or Agreements, contact Spotify Customer Care.
To do this, please use the “About Us” section on our website.
Thank you for reading our terms and conditions.
We hope you enjoy Spotify.
Contracting entity:
Spotify AB
Regeringsgatan 19, SE-111 53 Stockholm
Sweden
SE556703748501
© Spotify AB.
