General terms and conditions of business
General transport conditions
Rules and procedures are subject to short-term changes.
Although the information on this website is kept as current and correct as possible, Terravision will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from this information.
For information about the conditions click below:
Definitions
Service approval
Service performance
Tickets and reservations
Access
Baggage
Terravision Responsibilities
requirements
Vouchers
Passenger behavior
Communication
Conclusions
Conditions of Carriage Stansted Services
Airport Bus Express travel conditions
Aerobus travel conditions
Terms and Conditions Varzi
Terms and Conditions Prague Airport Transfers
Modlin Bus – Terms and Conditions
Faroshuttlebus – Terms and Conditions
Definitions
The terms used have the following meanings: “Vehicle” – bus or other means of transport provided by Terravision on which the passengers travel; “Travel” - journey to which Passengers are entitled based on the information on the Ticket; “Service” – Activity performed by the Company; “Baggage” - any item belonging to the passenger.
Service approval
Travelers must have a valid ticket to use the transport service and must keep it for the entire duration of the journey.
Once you leave the vehicle, the journey is considered to be over.
For outward and return journeys, the journey is considered to have ended once the vehicle has been left on the return journey.
Service performance
promotion
Terravision transports all passengers who have a valid ticket.
The ticket is a record of the agreement between the company and the passenger.
The ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be presented to the company upon request.
If expressly requested, the ticket must be returned to Terravision.
Passengers with disabilities.
Passengers with disabilities who did not indicate this condition when making the reservation may be excluded from the service and transportation.
Minors
Terravision does not provide service to unaccompanied minors (under 14).
Accompaniment or other special services are not available.
Minors under 14 must be accompanied by a passenger aged at least 16 and both tickets must be booked together.
Children up to and including 4 years of age can travel free of charge and without a ticket.
Children aged 6 and over pay the fare according to the applicable tariff.
Pets
Terravision does not transport pets, with the exception of guide dogs for blind or deaf passengers.
Tickets and reservations
Validity of tickets
The ticket allows you to use Terravision's service for the trip noted on it.
Changed or damaged tickets are no longer valid for the booked trip.
E-Tickets
Tickets must be printed and shown to our staff before boarding.
If a passenger misses the departure stated on the ticket due to delays, the ticket is also valid for the following departure.
If the missed departure is the last departure of the day, the ticket is still valid for the next day.
Priority boarding is guaranteed only for the reserved departure time specified on the ticket.
Seat reservations
Passengers who wish to reserve a seat for a specific journey must reserve it via the online booking system before the desired departure date.
Ticket changes
Passengers can only change the date and time before the desired departure date via My Terravision account.
Tickets purchased by Terravision employees cannot be exchanged or changed.
Passenger's responsibility
The passenger has the obligation to check the ticket before purchasing it to ensure that it was issued correctly.
Cancellation policy
Tickets are non-refundable.
Terravision is not obliged to provide refunds due to errors in bookings, changes in travel plans, flight delays or flight cancellations.
Cancellation of private transfers for groups: Fiumicino, Ciampino, Rome – Civitavecchia.
Cancellation of a confirmed reservation by the customer is free of charge if made in writing by email (groups@terravision.eu) at least 5 working days before the booked service.
If the cancellation occurs less than 5 working days from the planned date of the trip, the costs will be charged in full to the end customer.
Invalid ticket
Passengers must travel with a valid ticket.
If a ticket inspection reveals that the passenger has an invalid ticket, he or she will be asked to leave the bus or, alternatively, to buy a ticket from the driver.
Fraudulent e-tickets
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate e-tickets in the possession of passengers if there is reason to believe that they were created fraudulently.
Furthermore, passengers in possession of fraudulently created tickets will be excluded from using the services and may be subject to criminal prosecution.
Lost ticket
Terravision is not liable to replace stolen tickets.
In the event of loss or theft, a new ticket must be purchased to use the service.
Access
Stops
Vehicles may only be parked in designated and designated spaces along the routes.
The passenger is responsible for reaching the correct bus stops and boarding the correct bus.
Maps of all authorized stops are available on the website www.terravision.eu.
Delay of passengers
On the day of departure, passengers must arrive at the stop at least 15 minutes before the scheduled departure.
Terravision is not liable for rides missed due to passenger delays and has no obligation to wait for passengers who are late.
For tickets from city center to airport:
If possible, please choose your connection so that you reach the airport at least two hours before departure in order to have enough time for check-in.
Please note that Terravision is not responsible for the cause of the loss beyond reasonable control, or road traffic and traffic accidents.
If you fail to comply with the terms of this Policy, you will not be entitled to any compensation.
Connections: It is the passenger's responsibility to have enough time to transfer to another mode of transport.
Baggage
Approved baggage items
Terravision does not charge for luggage, nor is there a limit on the number of luggage that can be taken, as long as it can be stored in the luggage compartment.
Small hand luggage can be taken on board if it can be stored in the overhead compartments provided and does not pose a security risk.
This is at the driver's sole discretion.
If space on board allows, company employees can also take ski equipment, roller skates, bicycles and other “special luggage” with them; please consult the applicable fares.
Passengers should contact Terravision to determine if a particular item is permitted on board.
Fragile items such as electronics, portable televisions and radios are only permitted on board if they are of reasonable size.
Small musical instruments such as guitars, cellos, violins or violas can only be taken for a corresponding fee and a seat reservation.
Foldable wheelchairs and other mobility aids for disabled people are transported free of charge.
The bus drivers are happy to help passengers load, but are not obliged to lift heavy luggage.
For safety and health reasons, Terravision cannot accept luggage weighing more than 32 kg or measuring more than 81 cm in height and 119 cm in length.
The weight restrictions do not apply to mobility aids for people with walking disabilities.
Terravision is not liable for improperly packaged perishable or fragile goods, nor for minor damage to the surfaces of cases (e.g. scratches, stains, dirt and dents) that may occur under normal shipping conditions.
Baggage not permitted
Terravision is not obligated to transport the following goods: firearms, knives or other sharp objects, weapons, explosives, chemical substances, drugs or solvents (other than medicines), toxic or biohazardous materials such as rat poison, infected blood, radioactive material, corrosive substances such as mercury and Vehicle batteries and any other substances considered by the Company to be dangerous, likely to cause injury or appear unsuitable for this type of transport due to their weight, shape, fragility or perishability.
The items listed above will not be accepted as baggage and must be removed immediately if discovered on board.
Packaging and marking of luggage
All passenger luggage must be appropriately packed and marked with the passenger's name, address and telephone number.
Terravision reserves the right to refuse to transport luggage that, after inspection, does not meet these requirements.
All luggage, apart from hand luggage, must be stowed in the luggage compartment provided on the bus.
carry-on baggage
Hand luggage can be stored in the bus's designated storage space, which the passenger has access to at any time.
For this reason, the passenger is responsible for the loss of his or her hand luggage.
We recommend storing valuables such as cash, jewelry, ID cards, electronic items and essential medications in the carry-on compartment.
Liability for lost luggage
If luggage is lost from a vehicle or at the bus stop, Terravision will take it into custody.
The passenger bears the costs of storing and possibly forwarding the lost luggage.
Baggage items that are not marked with the passenger's telephone number and address will be destroyed after a retention period of one month.
The contents of the baggage will be examined and, if it contains dangerous goods or perishable goods, destroyed 48 hours after it is found.
Baggage that is found by other passengers and immediately handed over to the transport staff will also be stored.
Loss of baggage must be immediately communicated and confirmed by our staff, with details of all items, in writing within 72 hours of the end of the trip to: Terravision, Via Archimede 164 - 00197 Rome - Italy - or by email to : customerservices@terravision.eu or to such other address as we have published for this purpose.
Terravision is not liable for stolen items or luggage.
Terravision recommends that you insure your luggage with insurance companies that specialize in insuring against damage in transit.
Terravision Responsibilities
Transport
According to the applicable regulations, Terravision is obliged to transport passengers with valid tickets.
The company remains committed to minimizing inconvenience to passengers during the journey.
Travel delays or cancellations
Timetables published on www.terravision.eu are approximate.
The company reserves the right to change these and to inform users of the reasons for this and to provide them with alternative timetables.
Terravision may continue to suspend or cancel trips with reasonable notice to passengers.
In this case, the company may decide to add a new trip to replace the suspended trip or extend the validity of the ticket.
Terravision is not liable for any loss, damage or costs incurred by passengers due to delays or cancellations.
Terravision assumes no liability to passengers who have not reserved their ride.
Cancellation after service is used
Unless there are circumstances beyond Terravision's control, should the bus terminate the journey before reaching the destination chosen by the passenger, the company has the right to choose from the following options: a) An alternative means of transport select that ensures the passenger's destination is reached at the destination; b) To provide a replacement vehicle; c) reimburse the passenger for the travel price d) issue a voucher.
No liability
Terravision is not liable for circumstances beyond its control.
The following are some examples of events beyond the company's control: war or threats of war, accidents on service routes, bad or unusual weather conditions, fire and/or damage to bus stops, vandalism, terrorism, unpredictable traffic, local riots or riots.
Death and personal injury
Terravision will reimburse damages caused by its negligence resulting in death or personal injury.
Airlines
Terravision is not responsible for the quality of service provided by airlines, nor for flight delays or cancellations.
requirements
Proceedings
Passengers must make their claims in person and, if necessary, provide proof of their identity and associated flight documentation.
If the ticket was issued to more than one passenger, all passengers must submit their claims at the same time.
Claims must be addressed to Terravision's offices or by email to: customerservices@terravision.eu.
Claims must be made within 30 days of departure date.
The purchased tickets must be included with the claims.
Vouchers
Characteristics
The voucher is: personal, transferable to third parties, and valid for six months from the date of issue on the voucher.
Vouchers can be used for all Terravision services and can also be redeemed at Terracafé in Rome and Florence.
Redeeming vouchers
If the passenger wishes to use a service that exceeds the value of the voucher, the difference must be paid by the passenger.
If the service costs less than the value of the voucher, no currency exchange will be given.
Passenger behavior
Desired behavior
Passengers must behave correctly and appropriately at stops and on board the buses and follow the instructions of Terravision staff.
Not permitted behavior
Inappropriate behavior by passengers is strictly prohibited.
Examples include: threatening Terravision employees or other passengers, luggage storage that causes discomfort to other passengers, blocking emergency exits or the center aisle, loud video games, musical instruments or radios that disturb fellow passengers.
It is forbidden to eat or drink on board.
Alcohol or drugs are strictly prohibited on board, nor are passengers transported under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
Terravision reserves the right to deny access to passengers or ask them to leave the bus if they disregard these regulations or exhibit behavior that can be considered prohibited.
Liability for the behavior of other passengers
Terravision is not liable for the actions or inaction of other passengers on the bus or at the stops.
However, the company ensures that all passengers behave correctly.
Communication
Terravision provides its passengers with all information regarding timetable changes, general notices or cancellations by email to the address provided when reserving the trip.
Sending the email serves as proof of receipt.
If you have not sent Terravision a valid email address, please check the timetable 24 - 72 hours before departure on www.terravision.eu or at one of the company's information stands.
Conclusions
Hints
The transport contract agreed with Terravision is subject to the general conditions for the transport of persons and luggage currently in force, the relevant instructions and/or regulations on specific subjects.
This message refers to Terravision's Terms and Conditions, which form an integral part of the Agreement.
We hereby inform you about the purpose and procedures of our data processing and about the transfer of the data that you provide to Terravision (hereinafter referred to as “Company” for convenience) for your participation on the website www.terravision.eu (hereinafter referred to as “for convenience”) “Page”).
The purpose and duration of the processing of your data is strictly limited to your participation on the site.
The Company may use the information provided to it for any purposes tied to your participation, including the ability to provide you with access to all services offered on the Site.
The company reserves the right to use this data for all legal purposes related to the conduct of its business.
If necessary, Terravision has the right to change these data protection conditions if there are changes in this sector with regard to laws, IIP or the methods of use and compilation of related data, services and technologies.
Such changes will be effective upon posting by Company on the Site.
By continuing to use these services offered by Terravision after a privacy policy has been updated, the user tacitly agrees to such changes.
Therefore, it is important that the user reads the privacy policy regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
If the IIP and relevant data processing and use practices, the IIP of individual users and the corresponding management of their data change significantly, they will continue to be subject to the data protection regime in force at the time of their compilation, unless the user has been informed by the informed of the change and agreed to it.
In particular, the company can:
a) process data that you have provided to it in order to carry out analyses, market observations and statistics on consumer satisfaction and preferences regarding the use of the Services;
b) Your data, and those that may be derived from your navigation on the Site, in order to recognize commercial profiles and use them for marketing, advertising and sales promotion purposes; for these purposes, the Company may use cookies, which are small files stored on your computer to monitor your navigation on the Sites;
c) inform you about new features of the Site and, more generally, about the Company's initiatives.
For processing purposes and as described above, all your data may also be disclosed to third parties, public or private, as well as to companies that carry out market research and compile statistics and to companies that create marketing strategies and deal with advertising.
The provision of data and consent to processing, communication and disclosure are binding for project participation and necessary for the purposes mentioned above.
Failure to provide the required data or refusal of consent to the relevant processing, transfer and disclosure will not allow participation in the project and its activities.
Your personal data will be processed electronically, both offline and online, by persons specifically appointed by the Company, such as its employees, partners or consultants.
The site may contain links that direct you to other sites.
Sites linked to www.terravision.eu are beyond the control of the company and its data protection regulations may differ from those described here.
Consequently, the Company is in no way responsible for any violation of your privacy on sites other than www.terravision.eu.
In addition, the Company shall not be liable in any way for the direct submission of your personal information or confidential information or information of any other kind on any part of the site belonging to forums.
The Company reserves the right to forward the information you provide to any purchaser of the Company or its subsidiaries.
You can exercise your rights, such as access, information about the sources of personal data, the purposes and procedures of data processing, the identity data of the persons responsible for the data processing and individuals or groups of individuals to whom these data are disclosed or made accessible, as well as the right to update, rectify, integrate, withdraw, transform, block data processed unlawfully - you also have the right to contact the data controller at the addresses below:
As data controller, Terravision London Finance should be contacted by email at: customerservices@terravision.eu.
Registered Offices: Park View 183 -189 ,The Vale London, W37RW.
