Terms of Use
(For users residing in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland and the United Kingdom)
Last updated: July 2020
1. Your relationship with us
Welcome to TikTok.
TikTok is a leading platform for creating and sharing short-form videos (the “Platform”).
These Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”) constitute an agreement between you and us.
They set the terms and conditions under which you access the Platform and our related websites (such as tiktok.com), services, applications, products and other content offered in accordance with these Terms (collectively: the “Services”) and how you can use them.
The Services are provided by the company providing the Services in your region (“TikTok,” “we,” or “us”):
For residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland: The Services are provided by TikTok Technology Limited, a company registered in Ireland with its registered office at 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland and company number 635755.
UK Residents: The Services are provided by TikTok Technology UK Limited, a company registered in England with its registered office at Wework, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, UK and company number 10165711.
Your service provider may change if you move to another country and continue to use our Services.
The Services are provided for private, non-commercial use.
For purposes of these Terms of Use, the terms “you” and “your” refer to you as a user of the Services.
The Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement between you and us.
Please take the time to read these Terms of Use carefully.
If you do not agree, please do not register, access or use the Services.
2. Description of Services
The Services and Platform are intended only for individuals who are at least 13 years old.
You may use the Services and the Platform through the TikTok mobile applications (“App”) and through the TikTok website (“Website”).
Certain functions are only available in the app.
In addition, not all services or features may be available in your country or region.
Different features may be available in different versions of the Services.
Certain functions are not available to users under a certain age.
The Services allow you to create, publish and share (“share”) short-form videos, as well as view videos created by other users.
They also allow interaction with these videos and with other users.
Create and share videos: In particular:
You can record or import videos into the Services.
You can edit videos and enrich them with filters and additional elements.
You can also include content from other users in your videos, but only if the creator of the video in question allows their content to be used for these purposes.
As long as you allow your content to be used for these purposes, other users can use your content in their own videos.
You may publish videos within the Services so that other users can view your videos.
The videos that you publish as public are available within the app and on the website.
You may share your videos, or videos of others who have allowed their videos to be shared, across various messaging services and third party social media platforms (e.g. Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter) in accordance with their respective terms of use share with others.
You can enter a video description, tags, and various privacy settings when publishing a video.
You can also add a short biography and a profile picture to your public user profile.
Under the additional terms of our Virtual Items Policy, you may host live streams, use live streaming features, purchase Coins, and exchange Coins for gifts (the “Live Stream Program”).
View Videos: You can view videos from other users of the Services.
In particular:
You can view videos that others have shared as public or videos from users you follow.
The Service provides you with a customized “For You” page.
There you'll see recommendations for videos selected by the services based on what might be of interest to you.
For further information, please see our privacy policy.
The service also offers other ways to find content to view, such as a list of other users' videos in their profile, a search function and a category selection.
You can watch other users' live streams.
Interaction with other users: You can interact with the content of other users as well as with the other users themselves.
In particular:
Direct Messages: You can send messages to users when they follow you.
Likes: You can like videos.
Comments: Depending on each user's settings, you can leave comments on their videos.
Follows: You can follow other users.
If users restrict their profile, you will only be able to follow them if they approve your request.
“Find Friends” functionality: You can find your friends using your mobile phone’s address book and Facebook.
Pro Accounts: You can upgrade your account to a free “Pro Account”.
With a Pro account you have access to additional features, such as aggregated statistics about your content.
If you participate in the TikTok Creator Marketplace (“Marketplace”), you can access settings and control requests for Marketplace features through the Pro account menu.
Limitations of the Service: We strive to provide the Service without significant interruptions and to continually improve it.
However, the Service may be unavailable in whole or in part for certain periods as a result of planned or unplanned downtime, for maintenance reasons or technical problems.
3. Acceptance of the Terms of Use
In order to register for, access or use the Services, you must be able to enter into a legally binding contract with TikTok that includes these Terms of Use.
You must also be at least 13 years old and agree to these Terms of Use and agree to comply with them.
Your access to and use of our Services is additionally subject to our Community Guidelines and our Virtual Items Policy.
You can find the relevant provisions directly on the platform or, if the platform is made available via download, in the relevant app store for your mobile device.
These additional guidelines and policies are incorporated by reference into this legally binding agreement between you and us.
Please also read our Privacy Policy as it describes how we use your personal information.
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a company or legal entity, the following applies: (a) the terms “you” and “your” include you and that company or legal entity, (b) you must be an authorized representative Be the representative of the company or legal entity authorized to bind the Organization to these Terms and agree to these Terms on behalf of the Organization, and (c) your company or legal entity is legally and financially responsible for your access to the Services and its use, as well as access to or use of your account by others associated with your organization.
This includes, but is not limited to, employees, agents or subcontractors.
A copy of our current Terms of Use is always available on the Platform, including the date of the last update.
However, to be on the safe side, you should print or save locally a copy of the Terms of Use for your own records.
4. Changes to Terms of Use and Services
We regularly integrate innovations into our services and change and improve them.
In addition, we may change these Terms of Use from time to time, for example if we update functionality of the Services or if there are legal changes that affect these Terms of Use or the Services.
We will provide you with reasonable notice in advance of any material changes to these Terms of Use or to our Services that cause a material disadvantage to you or materially restrict your access to or use of our Services.
This is done through a notice on our platform.
You should also periodically check these Terms of Use for changes.
If we make changes, we will also change the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Terms.
This always reflects the date on which the Terms of Use come into effect in their most recently updated form.
We do not permit use of the Services by anyone who does not agree to and comply with our Terms of Use.
Therefore, your continued access to or use of the Services after the effective date of the new Terms of Use will constitute your acceptance of such new Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to the modified Terms of Use, you must immediately stop accessing and using all Services and, if applicable, close your account.
We may not be able to notify you in advance of any changes to the Terms of Use or Services that we need to make to meet security, legal or regulatory requirements.
However, we will inform you of this as soon as possible.
5. Your account with us
In order to access and use some of our Services, you will need to create an account with us.
When creating this account, you must provide true and current information.
It is important that you maintain and promptly update your data and any other information you provide to us so that it is always current and complete.
The terms of use are also available to you at any time via the platform.
It is also important that you keep your account password confidential and not pass it on to third parties.
If you know or suspect that a third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately.
To do this, fill out the form at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.
6. Termination
We reserve the right to temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your user account or to restrict or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services.
We are not obliged to announce this in advance.
This authorization applies to suspension and/or termination with and without cause.
Possible reasons include:
We reasonably believe that you have violated the Terms of Use, including the agreements and policies incorporated herein (such as the Community Guidelines), or any applicable law or regulation, or there are objective reasons to believe that such a violation is imminent;
Activities take place under your account that, in our sole discretion, cause or may cause damage to us or our Services or interfere with or impair us or our Services or infringe or violate the rights of any third party (including intellectual property rights);
To comply with a law enforcement or other governmental request as part of a valid legal process;
Unexpected technical or security issues have occurred; or
There will be no activity on your account for extended periods of time.
If we permanently suspend or terminate your user account, we will notify you in advance to give you sufficient time to access and store your information and content.
However, this does not apply if we have reason to believe that continued access to your user account would cause harm to us or our Services or would violate a request from law enforcement or other government authorities or applicable laws or regulations or the rights of third parties.
Subject to any legal rights to which you may be entitled, if your account is temporarily or permanently suspended or terminated, access to your username, password and all related information and content associated with your account may also be suspended or terminated.
Because we do not guarantee the continued availability of your content, you should create backup copies of any content that is important to you.
If you no longer wish to use our services, you can request deletion of your account.
Appropriate functions are provided on the platform for this purpose.
Alternatively, you can also fill out the form at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.
We will be happy to provide you with further support and guide you through the process of deleting your account.
Please note: If you decide to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate it to retrieve any content or information you have stored there.
7. Your use of the Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations.
You are not allowed to:
Accessing or using the Services if you are not at least 13 years old or are unable to agree to these Terms of Use;
Copy, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create derivative works from the Services, including any files, tables or documentation (or portion thereof), or the source code, determine or attempt to determine or create derivative works from any algorithms, methods or techniques embedded in the Platform, unless we have expressly consented in advance to such activities;
Distribute, license, transfer or sell the Services or derivative works, in whole or in part;
Market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or use the Platform to advertise or post commercial offers, unless we have expressly agreed to such activities in advance;
Use the Services for any commercial or unauthorized purpose without our express written consent, including communicating or facilitating any advertising or solicitation or spam email;
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt the Platform, our website or other networks connected to the Services, or bypass measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services;
Integrate the Platform or any part thereof into another program or product.
In such event, we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or restrict access to the Services at our discretion;
Use any automated system or software to extract data from the Services for commercial purposes (“screen scraping”).
This applies regardless of whether these systems or software programs are operated by third parties or not;
Impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent or otherwise misrepresent yourself or your relationship with another person or entity.
This includes creating the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available originates from the Services;
Intimidate or harass others or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
Use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without appropriate authorization from TikTok or create a false identity within the Services;
Use the Services in any manner that could create a conflict of interest for you or us or otherwise undermine the purposes for which the Services are intended.
Examples of this include exchanging reviews with other users or creating or requesting reviews that serve to promote products or services;
Use the Services to intentionally, grossly negligently or negligently upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available:
Materials that violate applicable laws or infringe the rights of others;
any computer viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful;
Any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other prohibited form of solicitation;
Materials that infringe or may infringe any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of another person;
Materials that violate the privacy or publicity rights of another person or a deceased person;
Material that defames any person or is obscene, abusive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory;
Materials that constitute, promote or provide instructions for criminal offenses, dangerous activities or self-harm;
Material that is intended to provoke or annoy people, such as, without limitation, "trolling" or bullying, or that is intended to harass, harm, harm, frighten, harass, embarrass or discomfit people bring to;
Materials that contain threats of any kind, including threats of physical violence;
racist or discriminatory materials, including discrimination based on race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
Answers, reactions, comments, opinions, analyzes or recommendations for which you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified;
Material that, in our discretion, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services or which may expose TikTok, the Services or users to any harm or liability of any kind.
In addition to the prohibitions set forth above, your access to and use of the Services must at all times be consistent with our Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right to permanently or temporarily remove or suspend access to any Content at any time and without notice if, in our sole discretion, the Content violates these Terms of Use or our Community Guidelines, the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights) or applicable laws or violate or may violate any regulations or otherwise be harmful to the Services, our users or third parties.
8. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect you to do the same.
As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to infringe the intellectual property rights of others when using the Services.
An example of this includes, but is not limited to, that you agree not to upload to the Services without authorization any Content that is the property of another person.
9. Content
TikTok content
As between you and TikTok: all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio files, videos, music files and the appearance of the Services, the Platform and the App as well as all related intellectual property rights (the “TikTok Content”) are either owned by or licensed to TikTok.
You or your licensors are deemed to own the User Content (as defined below) that you upload or submit via the Services.
Your use of the TikTok Content or other materials made available as part of the Services for any purposes other than those expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is strictly prohibited.
Such content and materials may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited in any way without the express prior written consent of us or our licensors, regardless of the purpose of such exploitation.
We and our licensors reserve absolutely and without limitation all rights in and to such content and materials arising out of or relating to the Services and the TikTok Content, unless expressly granted.
We may generate revenue and increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value through your use of the Services.
Examples of this include, but are not limited to, the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and gifts (as defined below).
Unless we expressly provide otherwise in these Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and us, you will have no share in the revenue, goodwill or our value.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and us: (i) You will not be entitled to any revenue or other compensation from the User Content (as defined below) or from your use of musical works, sound recordings or audio-visual clips made available to you within or through the Services.
This includes User Content created by you; (ii) you are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain compensation for User Content within our Services or third party services (including, without limitation, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or other social media platforms).
This applies to the extent that the User Content has been edited or otherwise modified in any way as part of the Services, including the use of TikTok Elements (as defined below).
You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services in accordance with these Terms of Use.
This license also includes downloading the Platform on a Permitted Device and accessing the TikTok Content through your use of the Services, but solely for your personal, non-commercial use and in accordance with these Terms of Use.
TikTok reserves absolutely and without limitation all rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use in and to the Services and the TikTok Content.
You acknowledge and agree that this license granted to you with respect to the Services will automatically terminate upon any termination of your account or these Terms of Use.
NO RIGHTS ARE GRANTED TO YOU UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE WITH RESPECT TO THE SOUND RECORDINGS (AND THE MUSICAL WORKS CONTAINED THEREIN) MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES.
You view the Content provided by others within the Services at your own risk.
The content of our Services is provided for general information only.
It is not intended to constitute advice on which you should rely.
You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking or refraining from taking any action on the basis of the content on the Services.
We make no representations or warranties, express or implied, that the TikTok Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up-to-date, and we make no warranty whatsoever.
Where the Services contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We do not know and have no control over the content available on or through these websites and resources.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such content.
The use of these links should not be viewed as an endorsement of the linked websites or the information you may obtain on or through them.
We have no obligation to screen, monitor, post-publish or edit any content (including User Content) posted by you or other users of the Platform.
User Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (e.g. via a stream) or otherwise make available Content via the Services.
This includes, but is not limited to, text, photos, user videos, audio recordings and the musical works contained therein (including videos that incorporate locally stored audio recordings from your personal music library and ambient sounds) uploaded to or otherwise made available via the Services (“User Content”) .
You acknowledge and agree that users of the Services may extract User Content, in whole or in part, that you upload or otherwise make available through the Services to create new User Content.
This includes User Content created through collaboration between multiple users, which combines and mixes User Content created by you and other users.
Users of the Services may also incorporate music, graphics, stickers, virtual items (as defined and further explained in the Virtual Items Policy) and other items provided by TikTok (“TikTok Items”) into User Content and submit such User Content through the Services.
The information and materials in the User Content have not been reviewed or approved by us.
This also applies to user content that contains TikTok elements.
The views expressed by other users of the Services (including expression through the use of virtual gifts) do not reflect our views or values.
When you access or use features that allow you to upload or submit User Content through the Services or to contact other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards described in Section 7 above.
This also applies when uploading or transmitting via certain third-party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter.
Further, you may choose to upload or submit your User Content, including that containing TikTok Elements, to websites or platforms hosted by third parties.
In this case, you must not only comply with the content regulations of these providers, but also the standards described in this Section 9.
You represent and warrant that such Contributions comply with these standards.
You shall be liable to us for any breach of this representation and shall indemnify us in this regard.
This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of this representation.
All User Content will be considered non-confidential.
You may not post or transmit to us any User Content on or through the Services that you consider to be confidential or proprietary to any other person.
If you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you are the owner of such User Content or that you have received all necessary consents (including all necessary licenses) or releases from the owner or are authorized by the owner to use such User Content upload to the Services, transmit it from the Services to third party platforms and/or use such User Content within the Services or otherwise through the Services.
If you only own the rights to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical work contained therein, you may not upload or otherwise make available those sound recordings via the Services.
This will only apply if you have all permissions (including any necessary licenses) or releases from the owner to submit the content to the Services or have been authorized by the owner to do so.
Unless otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms of Use, you or the person entitled to the User Content retain the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the User Content sent to us.
However, by submitting User Content through the Services, you grant the following rights: (i) to us and our affiliates or agents, service providers, partners and other related third parties an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable (including sublicense); perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, create derivative works of, publish and/or transmit and/or distribute your User Content, and to authorize other users of the Services and third parties to view, access, and access such User Content use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, create derivative works from, publish and/or transmit, in all formats and on all platforms, whether already known or later developed; (ii) grant other users of the Services an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, create derivative works of, download, publish and/or transmit and/or distribute all or a portion of your User Content, in all formats and on all platforms, whether already known or later developed, for the purpose of creating User Content or viewing your User Content for entertainment or other personal, non-commercial purposes.
You further grant us and our affiliates, agents, service providers, partners and other related third parties a royalty-free license to use your username, image, voice and likeness to identify you as the source of your User Content.
For the avoidance of doubt, the following should be clarified: The rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this section include, in particular, the rights to reproduce sound recordings (as well as to make mechanical copies of the musical works contained in such sound recordings) and to publicly perform and communicate such sound recordings (and of the musical works contained in such sound recordings) to the public, in each case on a royalty-free basis.
This means that you grant us the right to use your User Content without being obligated to pay any royalties to you or any third party.
These third parties include, in particular, the copyright holder of the sound recording (e.g. a music label), the copyright holder of the musical work (e.g. a music publisher), a performance rights organization (e.g. ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “collecting society”) Sound recording collecting society (e.g. SoundExchange), trade unions or guilds, as well as technicians, producers or other parties who may have been involved (knowingly or otherwise) in the creation of User Content.
Special Rules for Musical Works and Musicians If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a collecting society, you must inform your collecting society of the royalty-free license you grant us to your User Content in accordance with these Terms of Use.
It is solely your responsibility to ensure that you comply with the reporting requirements and any other provisions of the agreement with that collecting society to which you are subject.
If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, you must obtain the consent of that music publisher in order to grant the royalty-free licenses granted under these Terms of Use for your User Content.
Alternatively, you may arrange for the music publisher to enter into an agreement with us directly that is subject to these Terms of Use.
The mere fact that you are the author of a musical work (e.g. have written a song) does not mean that you have the right to grant us the licenses described in these Terms of Use.
If you are a musician signed to a music label, you are responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is consistent with the contractual obligations you have to that music label.
This also includes agreements that apply to new sound recordings you create through the Services and to which your music label may assert rights.
Continuation of Rights to the Audience Any rights you grant in your User Content under these Terms of Use are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis.
This means that the owners or operators of Third Party Services will have no separate liability to you or any third party arising from or in connection with the availability of your User Content through those Third Party Services.
Waiver of Rights in User Content By posting any User Content within or through the Services, you waive any right to pre-screen and approve any marketing or promotional materials relating to such User Content.
You further waive (to the extent permitted by law) any rights to privacy, publicity or other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content or any portion thereof.
You hereby waive (to the extent permitted by law) any moral rights you may have in or to any User Content that you upload or otherwise make available through the Services.
You agree never to assert these moral rights or to support, bring or permit any action relating to these moral rights.
You acknowledge and agree that, under certain circumstances, we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who claims that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services violates their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
We, as well as authorized third parties, reserve the right to cut, shorten, edit or refuse to post any of your Content at our or their discretion.
We have the right to remove, prohibit, block or delete your Contributions on our Platform if, in our opinion, the Contributions do not meet the standards set out in Section 7 above (“Your Use of our Services”).
In addition, we have the right, but are not obligated, at our discretion to remove, prohibit, suspend, or delete any User Content (i) that we believe violates these Terms of Use, or (ii ) if we use this to respond to complaints from other users or third parties.
We are not obliged to give you advance notice and we are not liable to you in this respect.
We therefore recommend that you store copies of any User Content that you post within the Services on your personal devices.
This is the only way to ensure your permanent access to it.
We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, nor do we assume any liability for any User Content.
You determine whether your User Content will be made publicly available through the Services to all other users of the Services or will only be available to certain people you designate.
You can change the default setting that determines how your User Content is made available to other users.
To do this, navigate to the privacy settings within the services and follow the simple and clearly explained steps described there.
We assume no liability with respect to any content or information submitted by users of the Services and published by us or on our behalf within the Services or elsewhere by third parties.
If you would like to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users, or if there are any other matters you would like to raise with us, please email us at https://www.tiktok.com/ legal/report/reports.
Our employees continually work on the further development and evaluation of our own product ideas and functions.
However, we are also proud that we pay close attention to the interests, feedback, comments and suggestions that the user community brings to us.
If you choose to provide us or our collaborators with ideas for products, services, features, changes, improvements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (e.g. audio, video, games or other types of content), promotions, strategies or If you send product/feature names or related documentation, graphics, computer code and diagrams or other materials (collectively: “Feedback”), the following provisions apply.
These ensure that you, like us, clearly understand the status of such feedback.
Accordingly, the following applies when you provide us with feedback:
We have no obligation to review, consider or act on your Feedback or to return any Feedback to you in whole or in part for any reason;
Feedback is provided on the basis that it is non-confidential in nature.
We are under no obligation to treat any Feedback you submit as confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing the Feedback in any way
You irrevocably grant us an unrestricted, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable (including sublicense), perpetual, worldwide and unrestricted license to adapt, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including without limitation). extends to the relevant audience), public communication, provision, public display and other use and exploitation of the feedback and derivative works.
This license applies for all purposes and without limitation.
There is no remuneration to be paid for this and there is no obligation to name you as the author.
This license includes, but is not limited to, making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, in whole or in part.
This applies regardless of whether the feedback is used in its original or modified form.
10. Release of Liability
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless TikTok, TikTok's parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from and against all claims, liabilities, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees). any claim based on or related to: A breach by you (or any user of your account) of these Terms of Use.
This includes, but is not limited to, a breach of your obligations, representations and warranties under these Terms of Use.
11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE WILL AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS: (I) RIGHTS WHICH CANNOT BE CONTRACTUALLY MODIFIED OR WAIVED AND (II) RIGHTS TO WHICH YOU AS A CONSUMER ARE ALWAYS ENTITLED UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” (“AS IS”).
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS.
IN PARTICULAR, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE OF ERROR;
THE INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE OR ERROR-FREE AND
DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NO CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, STATEMENTS OR OTHER TERMS APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE.
THIS ALSO INCLUDES IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR COMPLIANCE WITH A DESCRIPTION.
WE MAY CHANGE, DISCONTINUE, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF THE PLATFORM, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, AT ANY TIME FOR BUSINESS OR OPERATIONAL REASONS.
WE ARE NOT OBLIGED TO PROVIDE AN ANNOUNCEMENT.
12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE WILL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES TO THE EXTENT THAT EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION WOULD NOT BE LAWFUL UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS, AS WELL AS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
SUBJECT TO THE ABOVE SECTION, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR OTHERWISE, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE PROVISION OR RECEIPT OF THEM NSTE : (I) LOST PROFITS; (II) LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) LOST OPPORTUNITIES; (IV) LOSS OF DATA; (V) LOST BUSINESS; (VI) BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS; (VII) LOSS OF REPUTATION OR (VIII) INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.
SUBJECT TO THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THIS SECTION 12, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), ANY OTHER TITLE OR OTHERWISE, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE PROVISION OR RECEIPT OF THE SERVICES IN THE HEIGHT UP THE HIGHER OF THE AMOUNTS DESCRIBED BELOW: (I) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO TIKTOK DURING THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING YOUR CLAIM AGAINST TIKTOK OR (II) EUR 100.00.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, SUBJECT TO THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THIS SECTION 12, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LIABILITIES, LOSSES, EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COURT FEES), COSTS OR DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANYTHING ARISE WHEREAS THIS EXCLUSION APPLIES TO LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, YOUR RELIANCE ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING OR ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND AN ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR, WHOSE ADVERTISING IS DISPLAYED WITHIN THE SERVICES; CHANGES THAT WE MAKE TO THE SERVICES OR THE PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CEASE IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES OF THE SERVICES); DELETION, DAMAGE OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED AS PART OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES; ANY FAILURE BY YOU TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION OR ANY FAILURE BY YOU TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT INFORMATION SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE ONLY.
YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSE.
AN EXCEPTION WILL ONLY APPLY IF WE HAVE GIVEN YOU EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT TO THIS.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT PROVIDED BY US RESULTS IN DAMAGE TO ANY DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT YOU PROVIDE, AND THIS IS DUE TO OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND COMPETENCE, WE WILL BE REQUIRED TO: EITHER REPAIR IT DAMAGE (IN THIS CASE, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE RESPONSIBLE FOR FOLLOWING OUR INSTRUCTIONS REGARDING SENDING THE DEVICE TO US OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDER) OR PAYING APPROPRIATE COMPENSATION.
HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU COULD HAVE PREVENT BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE.
FURTHER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO MEET THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS THAT WE RECOMMEND.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OCCURRING OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL CELLULAR CHARGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING SMS MESSAGING AND DATA STREAM CHARGES.
IF YOU ARE UNSURE OF WHICH CHARGES MAY APPLY, YOU MUST CONTACT YOUR MOBILE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICES.
13. Other provisions
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction
For residents of the EEA and Switzerland These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes and claims) arising out of or in connection with the subject matter of these Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of Ireland.
In addition, the law that is mandatory in your country of residence applies exclusively.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply, nor shall any other similar laws, regulations or statutes applicable in other jurisdictions.
You and TikTok agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Ireland to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes and claims) arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use, the subject matter hereof or their formation.
This is subject to mandatory local law applicable in your country of residence or contractual jurisdiction agreements, which cannot be waived.
Alternatively, you can take the dispute to an alternative dispute resolution panel.
This is done via the EU Commission’s platform for online dispute resolution (OS platform).
UK Residents These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes and claims) arising out of or in connection with the subject matter of these Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply, nor shall any other similar laws, regulations or statutes applicable in other jurisdictions.
You and TikTok agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes and claims) arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use or their subject matter or formation.
Alternatively, you can take the dispute to an alternative dispute resolution panel.
This is done via the EU Commission's platform for online dispute resolution (OS platform).
Open Source The Apps contain certain open source software.
Each such open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms.
You can find these in our open source policy.
Entire Agreement These Terms of Use (including the additional terms below) constitute the entire legal agreement between you and TikTok.
They supersede any prior applicable terms and conditions or terms of use that applied to the Services prior to the “Last Updated” date listed above.
No Waiver Our failure to insist on or enforce any provision of these Terms of Use (or to exercise any other right or remedy under these Terms of Use) shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right under these Terms of Use.
This does not prevent or limit the exercise of this or any other right or remedy in the future.
Security You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and your own platform so that you can access our Platform.
You should use your own antivirus software.
Severability If a court of competent jurisdiction finds that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms of Use.
This has no effect on the other provisions of these terms of use.
These remain valid and enforceable.
Any questions?
Please fill out the form at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.
Consequences of Termination In the event of termination of the legally binding agreement between you and us, the following provisions of the Terms of Use will survive such termination:
Our right to use and disclose Feedback as described in Section 9.
The rights of other users to re-share User Content and other information that you have shared with others through the Services to the extent that you shared it with others before termination.
Any amounts you owe to TikTok
The numbers 10, 11, 12 and 13.
14. Special local regulations
14.1 Additional provisions apply to users residing in the Federal Republic of Germany, which you can find here.
Additional Terms – App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following additional provisions apply:
Apple Notice By accessing the Platform through a device manufactured by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”), you specifically acknowledge and agree to the following:
These Terms of Use apply between you and TikTok.
Apple is not a party to these Terms of Use.
The license granted to you under these Terms of Use is limited to the personal, limited, non-exclusive, and non-transferable right to install the Platform for your personal, non-commercial use on the Apple authorized Apple device(s). is/are owned by you or over which you have control.
The “Usage Rules” set out in the Apple App Store Terms of Use apply.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or its content and has no obligation to provide any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
If the Platform fails to conform to any applicable warranty, i.e. has any defects, you may report this to Apple and Apple will, if applicable, refund the purchase price for the Platform.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Platform or your possession or use thereof.
This includes in particular: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim alleging that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement and (c) any claim under consumer protection or similar legislation.
If a third party claims that the Platform or your possession and use thereof infringes that third party's intellectual property right, Apple will not be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement or release of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that: (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (b) you are not in on a U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its affiliates are third party beneficiaries of these Terms of Use.
By agreeing to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, Apple acquires the right to enforce these Terms of Use against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
This right is deemed to be accepted by Apple.
TikTok expressly grants the authority to use the platform by multiple users via so-called family sharing or a similar function provided by Apple.
Windows Phone Store By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its assigns), operated by Microsoft, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Microsoft”), you specifically acknowledge and agree to the following:
You may install and use one copy of the Platform on up to 5 (five) Windows Phone-enabled devices connected to the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store.
In addition to this condition, we reserve the right to impose additional conditions or charge additional fees.
You acknowledge that Microsoft, your mobile phone manufacturer and your network operator have no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform.
Amazon Appstore By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors), operated by Amazon Digital Services or its affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree to the following:
In the event of a conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use and the other terms and conditions that Amazon sets as standard Amazon Appstore End User License Terms (collectively, the “Amazon Appstore End User License Terms”), and (b) the Other terms and conditions of these Terms of Use are governed by the Amazon Appstore End User License Terms in relation to your use of the Platform downloaded from the Amazon Appstore.
Amazon will have no responsibility or liability with respect to TikTok or you (or any other user)'s compliance with or non-compliance with these Terms of Use or the Amazon Appstore End User License Terms.
Google Play By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors), operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree to the following:
In the event of a conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Service and the Google Play Terms and Conditions or other terms that Google sets as standard Google Play End User License Terms (collectively, the “Google Play Terms”) , and (b) the other terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, the Google Play Terms apply to your use of the Platform downloaded from Google Play.
You hereby acknowledge that Google has no responsibility or liability whatsoever with respect to TikTok or you (or any other user)'s compliance or non-compliance with these Terms of Use or the Google Play Terms.
