UBISOFT SERVICES TERMS OF USE
Menu
Ubisoft Services Terms of Use
Stand: 12. May 2020
“We all play by the same rules”
WELCOME TO THE UBISOFT UNIVERSE!
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY
Our Ubisoft teams create authentic and memorable experiences for our players to have fun, share and thrive through games, apps, websites and online services (what we call our “Services”).
To enable you to enjoy our Services, we have created rules that apply to everything and everyone in our communities: you, other players and us.
You agree to these Terms of Use by using our Services and Content as defined below.
1 What are Ubisoft services and content?
This article provides a clear definition of the Services and lists the documents that you should read before accessing the Services.
1.1 The Ubisoft Services (“Services”) include games, downloadable content, season passes and other gaming software (on disc or other physical media, or downloaded or streamed), as well as other software products and online and mobile services, including their online features and other features, together with all updates and upgrades thereto, the associated websites, the Uplay platform and all other Ubisoft platforms, the Uplay+ subscription service, the hosted live events, the server, the software and the framework in which you the foregoing currently or in the future by UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, including UBISOFT EMEA SAS. (
collectively “Ubisoft” or “we” or “us”).
1.2 These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) apply to your access to and use of these Services (“User” or “you”).
By using the Services and Content (as defined below), you agree to these Terms and all other applicable terms and conditions, in particular the criteria such as age and country that you must meet and agree to comply with them.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to a particular Service, such as the Ubisoft Store Terms of Sale, End User License Agreement and code(s) of conduct (“Code of Conduct”).
In addition, our Privacy Policy provides you with clear information about our use of the personal data we may collect from you when you use the Services.
Please read all such documents carefully before accessing any Service.
“Content” means all elements included in the Services, including but not limited to in-game items, personalized elements, maps and avatars, all games, graphics, music and sounds, texts, all messages or information, names, themes, objects, scenery , costumes, effects, dialogues, slogans, places, characters, diagrams, concepts, choreographies, videos, audio-visual effects, domain names.
This includes the elements created by you or other players, the so-called User Generated Content (defined in Article 11); Ubisoft Virtual Currency (defined in Article 3.3) and Test Content (defined in Article 12).
1.3 The Services and Content are licensed to you and are not sold to you.
We grant you a personal, limited, non-transferable, and revocable right and license to use the Services and access the Content for your entertainment and non-commercial use, conditioned on your compliance with these Terms.
2 How do you create a user account and what do you need to know to open a user account?
This article explains the steps and security rules that apply to creating a Ubisoft user account and choosing a username and/or avatar to access our Services.
2.1 You may be required to create a Ubisoft user account (a “User Account”) in order to access and use certain Services, including playing online.
You can create a user account by providing accurate, complete and current information, including a valid email address.
We may need to verify the accuracy of this information, including by checking telephone numbers and email addresses, in particular to protect minors, other users and to avoid the risk of fraud.
You agree to send us, upon request, the necessary documents (this may include a copy of your ID card or passport) by any appropriate means.
If you need information about your user account or have any questions, please consult the websites https://support.ubi.com/Account or https://account.Ubisoft.com.
2.2 Security of the user account.
Any use of your user account with your password, in particular any purchase of services, is deemed to have been carried out by you.
To ensure the security of your user account, please note:
a) Choose a strong alphanumeric password.
For security reasons, we reserve the right to reject any password that is not strong enough to protect your user account.
b) Choose a password that is different from all other passwords you use and change it regularly.
c) Enable two-step verification and any other security options we can provide.
d) Never share your account details (username, password...) with third parties.
We will never ask you to reveal your password.
e) Never allow third parties to access and/or use your user account.
2.3 You agree to immediately notify us at https://support.ubi.com of any unauthorized use of your username, password or other information relating to your User Account and any breaches of security related to the Service of which you become aware.
2.4 Creation of a username/avatar.
You may be required to create a username and/or avatar in order to access and use certain Services.
They will be connected to your user account and displayed publicly.
We therefore recommend that you do not include your real name in your username.
You may not choose a username or avatar that 1.) is already used by another user or is associated with another user account, or 2.) contains “Ubi” or “Ubisoft” or the Ubisoft logo.
We reserve the right to reject any username and/or avatar you select at our sole discretion.
2.5 Multiple User Accounts.
You may not create multiple user accounts unless we expressly permit this.
In such a case, you agree that you may close your additional user account upon our request or that we may close your additional user account.
3 What conditions apply to your use of our services?
This article explains the specific conditions that apply to certain services and content (e.g. forums, virtual currency) and certain means of access to our services (including mobile terminals).
3.1 They were.
The Services may include forums, information groups, chats, or other types of online discussion areas (collectively, “Forums”).
If you use the Forums, you should be aware of the fact that your avatar, username and messages will be public and can be viewed by all users who visit the Forums (unless you are in a private forum). Forum).
You send your communications at your own risk.
You are solely responsible for your submission, publication and distribution.
Please observe these security measures when communicating with other users in the forums:
Never share information that can be used to identify you in real life.
Never accept invitations to meet someone you met in a chat in real life, especially if that person asks you to keep your conversations or the meeting secret, and decline any invitation to apps or channels outside of the Services .
Report any behavior or content that you consider suspicious or inappropriate, including chats you had with another user that made you feel uncomfortable.
Make sure you only speak to people in your inner circle and use the blacklist feature, if available on a service, to ensure you don't receive unwanted messages.
3.2        Ubisoft Store.
We enable you to purchase products in our online store at https://store.ubi.com/ or through Uplay.
We may limit your ability to purchase products based on several criteria, including, but not limited to, your age, limited quantities of products available, etc. We may offer periodic special offers to which special conditions apply.
3.3 Credits, virtual currency.
We may allow you to access or use online or offline elements of Services, including, without limitation, virtual points, coins or currencies (collectively, “Ubisoft Virtual Currency”).
If you receive Ubisoft Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Ubisoft Virtual Currency, which we expressly provide to you.
The Ubisoft Virtual Currency has no monetary value and no value outside of our Services.
Ubisoft Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred or exchanged for cash; it can only be redeemed for Content available on the Services.
Ubisoft Virtual Currency is non-refundable and you will not be entitled to a refund for any unused Ubisoft Virtual Currency unless required by law.
If you have exchanged Ubisoft Virtual Currency for a piece of content, that content cannot be returned, exchanged or refunded.
3.4        Wallet.
We provide you with an electronic wallet (the “Wallet”) in your user account.
This wallet is not a bank account or a payment instrument and the funds you can deposit into it are:
they do not represent a personal property right,
they can only be used to purchase content and services from us,
they have no value outside of the Services and cannot be exchanged for cash, and
they cannot be refunded or transferred unless required by law.
We may set maximum limits on the amounts you can pay
can have in your wallet;
can deposit into this wallet per day/month; and or
which you can spend from your wallet.
We may change these limits at any time.
3.5 Prepaid Cards.
We may enable you to purchase and/or redeem prepaid cards to purchase content and/or services and/or make deposits to a wallet.
If your Wallet has already reached the maximum limits specified in Article 3.4, you will no longer be able to make a deposit to this Wallet by transferring the value of a given Prepaid Card.
3.6 Technical protective measures - Internet connection - Digital rights management Certain services can be protected by us through technical protective measures and digital rights management, such as in particular physical protection, “watermarks”, activation of digital keys and direct authorizations.
You may need a permanent high-speed Internet connection to access online features, play online, and access and use some content, including content that can only be unlocked once with a unique key, and to certain services that use digital rights management technology.
3.7 Mobile Services.
You can access certain services with certain mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and other compatible mobile terminals (devices).
To do this, you need the permission of the person paying the bill for the mobile device and internet access with this mobile terminal.
The use of your mobile terminal involves connection costs for which we are not responsible.
Certain mobile services offer you in-game purchases and micro-transactions.
Depending on the capacities and functions of your mobile terminal and the communication network, your user comfort may vary.
We cannot guarantee that your comfort level will be the same as that you experience when logging in to the Services using other devices.
4 How can we change our services?
This article explains under what circumstances we may change our services and content, including their price.
4.1 General.
We do not guarantee that the Services will be available at all times, in all locations worldwide and/or on all devices.
We do not guarantee that we will continue to provide all services for any minimum period of time.
We reserve the right to terminate all or any part of the Services at any time.
4.2 Change in the price of the Services.
We reserve the right to change the prices of the Services, including from a paid service to a free-to-play service and vice versa.
The new price will only apply to orders placed after it comes into effect.
4.3 Changes to Access to the Services and Content.
a) We may change the content for any reason at any time and in particular for technical reasons such as updates, maintenance processes or resets to improve or optimize the services.
b) We may require or enable you to download software, updates, patches and/or other utilities and tools made available by us or our licensors (the “Ubisoft Software”).
We grant you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the Ubisoft Software solely for the purposes of using the Services, throughout the world and for the period of legal protection of the Ubisoft Software in accordance with the intellectual property rights to use.
At the time this Ubisoft Software is made available to you, we may specify terms of use for it.
The performance of Ubisoft software and services may vary depending on your device.
We may from time to time provide you with updates or changes to the Ubisoft Software that you may require to continue using the Services.
c) These changes may affect the Services and/or your acquired rights or result in setbacks in the game environment.
d) We can also specify:
a maximum number of days for how long any Content will be stored as part of the Services;
a maximum volume of communications that may be sent or received by a user account;
a maximum storage capacity provided by our servers for your user account;
a maximum number of times you may access the Services, together with a maximum duration for each access during a particular period.
5 What are our rules of conduct to maintain a friendly, safe and fair gaming environment and community?
This article contains the rules of conduct you must follow and the behaviors that are prohibited in order to maintain a friendly, safe and fair gaming environment and community.
5.1 We want to provide you and other users with a welcoming, safe and respectful gaming environment, both during gameplay and at all times on our Services.
This is particularly important to us because we have different age groups among the users of our services, including minors.
In order for you and other users to feel part of such a friendly, safe and fair community, you must comply with the following rules (the “Rules of Conduct”).
5.2 You may only use the Services for lawful purposes and only for their intended use.
You may not use the Services in a manner that violates any applicable law or regulation.
5.3 The following is a non-exhaustive list of prohibited conduct that may lead to investigations by our employees and for which sanctions may be imposed, as set out in Article 6:
1. Creating a user account with incorrect registration information (email address, date of birth, etc.).
2. Creating or using an inappropriate username or avatar.
This includes in particular the use of names and images:
· that contain obscenities, sexual references or linguistic elements of hate speech or that implicitly accept terrorism, fascism or child abuse; or
· that are in any way religious or political or tend to cause controversy or division.
3. Impersonating another user or one of our representatives.
This includes, for example:
· creating a user account that is very similar to an existing user account/user with the clear intention of impersonating that other user without permission;
· Posting comments or creating a user account that creates the impression to other users that they are our representative or someone with similar authority.
4. Abuse, harassment, bullying of users and/or our representatives (i.e. our employees, members of our community (moderators, star players, etc.)) through communication of any kind, verbal/written/digital, (in particular through content creation tools , forums, in-game chat or voice telephony over the Internet - VOIP), on any medium on the Services and/or any third party websites.
This includes, among other things:
· Trolling: intentionally posting controversial opinions or off-topic posts with the intent to provoke others,
· Flaming: constantly insulting other people,
· Spamming: the repeated posting of nonsensical, off-topic, same or similar messages
· Using language or content that may be deemed inappropriate, unlawful, dangerous, threatening, abusive, insulting, obscene, sexually explicit, vulgar, defamatory, invasive of privacy, hate-mongering, racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, ethically objectionable, or be viewed as harassment.
5. Endangerment of minors, and any inappropriate actions towards minors, such as:
· any comments, private communications, user-generated content (UGC) relating to inappropriate behavior towards minors, including, without limitation, physical or sexual abuse, pornography or other disrespectful content;
· any other actions or comments listed in these Codes of Conduct that are directed at or concern minors.
6. Use any means not expressly permitted by us to collect or intercept other users’ data on the Services.
This includes, for example:
· Phishing, attempting to obtain a user's personal information, account information, or other information of a private nature from other users;
· Doxing, posting another user's personal information, or otherwise reproducing such information or making it available to another person;
· Online sniffing, stealing or intercepting data by capturing network traffic.
7. Using anything that infringes our intellectual property rights or other rights or the rights of third parties.
8. Disclosure of information, that is, the creation, use, sharing and/or publication in any manner, on and/or outside the Services, of any content that violates any obligation of confidentiality, violates the right to privacy of any individual or is intended to commit would incite an unlawful act (e.g. piracy, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software).
9. Sell, rent, market, edit, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, translate, adapt, reproduce, distribute, distribute, repost, transmit, index, copy, extract and/or automate any information, software, Products or other elements of the Content and/or Services by any means without our express prior consent.
10. Modify, disrupt, block, impose an unusual burden on, disrupt, slow down and/or impede the normal functioning of all or part of the Services or their availability to other users or the functioning of the Service's partner networks, or attempt to do any of the carry out the measures mentioned.
This includes, for example, the execution of distributed denial-of-service (DDoS attacks).
11. Transmitting or disseminating a virus, trojan, worm, bomb, corrupted file and/or similar destructive device or corrupted data, and/or arranging, participating or contributing in any way to an attack on our servers and/ or services and/or those of our service providers and/or partners.
12. The use or distribution of “auto” or “macro” computer programs, in particular the use and/or distribution of cheats, hacks, bots, scripts, training programs or application software.
13. Using or distributing the Services through a mirror server.
14. Any other type of manipulation that gives a user (and/or fellow players) an unfair advantage (e.g. wallhacks, aimhacks) or impairs the gaming experience of other users.
15. Exploiting another streamer's live stream to gain an unfair advantage or harass a streamer in-game, e.g. B. through stream sniping.
16. Any behavior that disrupts the general flow of play in the game itself, in a forum or on a service, in particular:
·       Spamming,
·       „Away from Keyboard“ (AFK)
· Farming (automatic collection of resources without the presence of the player),
· Advertising or purchase recommendations for other products,
· In-game harassment and unsportsmanlike conduct, including but not limited to team killing, rage quitting, interfering with other players' interactions, and/or any other in-game behavior intended to disrupt or disrupt the general flow of the game.
17. Exploiting glitches or bugs that give an unfair advantage over other users or that threaten the overall balance or economics of the Service.
18. Using help from other users or offering help to other users to gain an unfair advantage.
This includes, among other things:
· Cooperating with users who cheat by using cheats;
· Working with experienced users to increase your user level/stats in areas of a game that are normally reserved for new players;
· Creating an alternative user account to work with new players or less experienced users to unfairly help them increase their level/stats.
19. Purchasing and/or otherwise using and/or promoting unauthorized benefits from third parties, such as “match making ratio increasing services.”
20. Access or attempt to access any portion of the Services not authorized by us;
21. Creating, providing or using services, e.g. B. via server emulators;
22. Reposting previously moderated content to the Forums or other Services.
23. Voice communication blocking, the deliberate use of sound to disrupt others' voice chat.
24. Bypassing regional restrictions of a Service using a proxy, VPN, or other tool.
25. Making inappropriate use of the Help service or request/report buttons or sending inaccurate reports to any member of our staff, including customer service.
26. The falsification, cancellation of credit card charges or “chargeback” that creates debt.
A chargeback can involve credit card or identity theft or unauthorized use by family members or friends.
27. Scamming, attempting to obtain goods or money by cheating or deceiving others.
28. Purchase, sell, rent, share, loan, trade, or otherwise transfer your User Account and/or the means of accessing your Account, and/or allow any outside party to use it in any way, either within or on the Services a third party website.
29. Refusal to follow our agent's instructions.
6 What sanctions can we impose to prevent and combat prohibited behavior?
This article identifies some of the disciplinary and legal measures we can impose to address behavior that is detrimental to the gaming environment and community.
We may impose sanctions for breaches of the Regulations and/or a Code of Conduct.
Such sanctions will be determined on a case-by-case basis based on several criteria, including, without limitation, the seriousness of the violation, the number of violations and the consequences of the violations on the Services, other users and/or our representatives.
The following is a non-exhaustive list of the sanctions we can apply:
1. Issuing a warning,
2. Blocking a username, avatar or password,
3. Resetting your in-game progress to a previous state,
4. Lowering your user account level or your level/points associated with a particular service,
5. blocking your access to certain functions (including chats) in one or more services,
6. Temporary blocking of your user account for one or more services,
7. Long-term blocking of your user account for one or more services,
8. Prevent access to a particular service or services on a particular device, and/or
9. Suspension or closure of your User Account and/or your ability to use one or more Services or part of the Services, as further described in Article 8.2.
We may use our own anti-cheat solutions and/or those of third parties to identify prohibited behavior and/or impose appropriate sanctions.
We may restrict your access to all or part of the Services if we suspect that you are engaging in unlawful conduct on or off the Services in order to maintain a friendly, safe and fair environment for our users.
In addition, we reserve the right to take legal action under civil or criminal liability to stop any breach of your legal or contractual obligations and to obtain compensation for our losses.
In particular, we reserve the right to prosecute any user who has intentionally damaged or attempted to damage the Services or who has hindered or assisted in the legitimate functioning of the Services.
7 How can you report prohibited behavior and content?
This article will provide you with the necessary information and steps to take if you want to report content that you believe violates these Terms and/or the intellectual property rights of a third party.
7.1 Reporting content that violates these provisions
If you believe that any content available on the Services does not comply with these Terms, you may report this to us using the "Report" option, if available on the Service, or by contacting our customer service at Contact https://support.ubi.com and report.
To help us respond to your message as quickly as possible, please provide the following information if possible:
the date of your notification;
your last name and first name, your address and email address;
identifying and describing the content that you believe violates these Terms, including its exact location;
an indication of the reason why you believe that such content does not comply with these Terms and should be removed from the Services, citing the article of these Terms and evidence if possible;
a statement that you believe all the information in this report to be accurate.
7.2 Reporting Content Violating Intellectual Property Rights
We respect each other's intellectual property rights and expect users to do the same.
If you believe that any content available on the Services violates your intellectual property rights, you may report it to us by emailing Copyright-infringement@Ubisoft.com with the following information:
the information requested in Article 7.1;
proof that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right(s) that are allegedly infringed or, if you are acting on behalf of your company, the legal form of the company, its name, its place of business and your role within the company corporate;
a clear identification of the work protected by your intellectual property right(s) that you claim has been infringed, as well as any elements proving the existence of your right(s);
where applicable, information relating to any registration of such rights or applications for registration of such rights, including the countries in which they are registered or registration is sought, the period of validity and the application or registration numbers;
a copy of the letter to the author of the disputed content requesting that the content be removed or edited, or evidence that the author could not be contacted.
7.3 Our response to your report.
We reserve the right to act as we deem appropriate upon receipt of a report.
In particular, we reserve the right to delete and/or deactivate the reported content and to request that you and other users stop using such content.
If we delete or disable any content that you have posted in violation of these Terms and/or the intellectual property rights of third parties, we reserve the right to apply sanctions as set out in Article 6.
You acknowledge that you understand that intentionally and falsely reporting any Content to obtain its removal or stop its distribution on our Services is a criminal offense.
8 Can your user account be canceled?
This article explains how your user account can be terminated by you or us and the consequences of such termination.
AND.
Both on our initiative and on yours.
8.1 Termination of your user account at your initiative.
You can cancel your user account at any time by filling out the form at: https://support.ubi.com or close your user account at: https://account.ubisoft.com in the “Account details” tab, especially in the event that you are in do not agree to these Terms or any updated versions thereof.
8.2 Termination of the user account or access to the service(s) at our initiative.
We may automatically and in our sole discretion suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use one or more Services or any portion of those Services at any time if we:
You have expressly asked us to provide us with proof of your identity or to refrain from any act, conduct or breach of these Terms;
we have reasonable grounds to believe that you have breached these Terms (including the Rules of Conduct) or any specific terms and conditions relating to a Service;
for any other reason relating to your conduct on or off the Services,
With prior notice if your user account has been inactive for more than six months.
If you have more than one user account, we reserve the right to suspend or close any of your user accounts once any account has been suspended or closed by us as part of this process.
8.3 Consequences of termination/suspension of a user account.
You can no longer use the services and content.
You will lose - and we may delete - your profile and related information you submitted to us, along with any content you posted, uploaded or made available on the Services, including without limitation your username, avatar(s) and UGC.
We reserve the right to retain personal data associated with your profile for a reasonable period of time as set out in our privacy policy.
We have the right, at our discretion, to refuse to allow you to re-create a user account without our express consent, which you request at https://support.ubi.com.
Upon termination of your User Account, you will no longer have access to your User Account and you will lose all of your saved files and in-game progress in connection with the Services.
In the event of termination of your User Account or the Service(s) associated with your User Account, you will not receive any credit (e.g. for unused Services, unused Subscription Period, unused Points or Ubisoft Virtual Currency) credited or in cash or any other form of reimbursement.
9 Are minors allowed to access our services?
This article explains how minors can create an account and gain access to our Services with the help of a parent/guardian.
9.1 If you are a minor in your country of residence, you should read these Terms with the help of your parent or guardian.
9.2 We recommend that parents or guardians monitor their children's gaming activities, particularly online gaming, and familiarize themselves with the parental controls that may be provided by us and/or our partners.
We recommend that you visit our “Parents’ Corner”.
This is a site we developed in collaboration with experts, players and parents.
Accessible at https://www.ubisoft.com/en-US/company/parents.aspx, it answers frequently asked questions and provides tips and guidance.
9.3 We may restrict access to certain Services based on age and, for minors under a certain age, we may only allow you to register with the consent of your parent or guardian.
9.4 To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability for any activities that may be undertaken by minors without the permission of their parents or guardians.
In all cases, parents or legal guardians are responsible for any use of the Services by minors.
If you are a parent or guardian and have given your child permission to register for the Services, you agree to the Terms governing your child's use of the Services.
10 What intellectual property rights are associated with our services and content?
In this article you will find information about the rights associated with our services and content and our submissions policy.
10.1 The Services and Content are protected by national and international laws and treaties.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms, we and our licensees and licensors reserve our respective Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) in the Services and the Content.
Any reproduction or reproduction of these elements, in any way and for whatever reason, is prohibited without our prior consent.
“Intellectual Property Rights” means patents, invention rights, copyrights and related rights, trademarks, trade names, related rights, publicity rights, trade secrets, domain names, equipment rights, goodwill rights or rights to bring an action for trademark misuse, unfair competition rights, design rights, rights to Computer software, database rights, topographical rights, moral rights, rights to confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and including all applications for and renewals or extensions of such rights and any similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world.
10.2 You may submit reviews, comments, suggestions, suggestions, materials or other feedback (“Submissions”) within or outside the Services.
We appreciate your enthusiasm, but you understand that we have no obligation with respect to unsolicited Submissions, and in particular, we have no obligation to accept, review, evaluate, or return any materials or to acknowledge receipt of any Submissions.
You agree that any products, services, or features developed or published by us may prove to be similar or identical to such unsolicited submissions.
11 What terms apply to content you may create/upload to our Services?
This article explains the different types of content you can create, publish and share on our Services and the associated rights you can grant to us and other users of such content.
Ubisoft gives the user the opportunity (i) to create content that is not the subject of third-party rights, using tools and, if necessary, content that is made available in certain Ubisoft services, as well as (ii) such user-generated content /UGC through the Services and/or on other websites and in other media in accordance with the terms and conditions set out herein.
If a user creates UGC, he or she agrees to comply with all of the provisions in these Terms, during and after the creation of that user-generated content.
These provisions apply even after the corresponding user account has been terminated.
11.1 UGC derived from pre-existing Ubisoft Content:
The User acknowledges the fact that the UGC may be created using tools and/or based on pre-existing content belonging to Ubisoft, such as: B. in particular titles, fictional characters, names, leitmotifs, objects, scenery, costumes, effects, texts, dialogues, slogans, locations, diagrams, concepts, designs, graphics, animations, sounds, musical works, choreographies and other performances, videos, audiovisual effects, user-friendly features and other elements of a game or service.
Always without prejudice to any further agreements between the user and Ubisoft, Ubisoft and the other users of the respective services are in any case permitted to use the UGC to the extent that the respective purpose and context of the functionality offered for which the UGC is created and provided by the user in services.
Use of UGC derived from content provided by Ubisoft
The user agrees to use UGC derived from Ubisoft's pre-existing content only in accordance with the following conditions.
Ubisoft hereby grants the User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable at any time, personal license to use the UGC created by the User from Ubisoft's pre-existing Content worldwide and for the duration of the use of the Services to:
store it on the console, computer, mobile phone or other media used to access the Services,
share it with friends when using the Services, and
upload it to the Services and use it as part of the Services or other Ubisoft offerings or in the partner network, to the extent Ubisoft allows this.
11.2 UGC with images of the user.
To the extent that the UGC created and published by the user contains his or her image, the user consents to its use by Ubisoft in such a way that Ubisoft can use this image in Ubisoft's services worldwide and for the duration of the service's operation.
The User therefore agrees that such UGC may be used by Ubisoft in accordance with the provisions of Sections 11.3 and 11.4.
To the extent that the UGC published by the User on the Services contains images of other persons, the User warrants to Ubisoft that the prior consent of all data subjects regarding the use of the respective image by Ubisoft has been obtained in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11, and the User undertakes to: To indemnify Ubisoft against all damages and claims that Ubisoft may suffer if such third party makes a complaint, claim or other action regarding the use of its likeness.
11.3 UGC without use of pre-existing Ubisoft content.
With respect to any UGC created by the User using the Services, independent of any pre-existing Ubisoft Content and without prejudice to any further agreements between the User and Ubisoft, the User grants Ubisoft and its licensees, distributors, agents and other authorized users a non-exclusive license , revocable, the use of the UGC to the extent required by the respective purpose and context of the functionality offered for which the UGC was created and made available by the user in services.
This may include worldwide performance, transmission, highlighting, performance, distribution, indexing, editing and other transformation, development, translation, digitization, encryption and any other modification, in particular the addition of comments, removal of text or music and their replacement by Ubisoft selected texts and music), the creation of derivative products based on UGC and in particular Merchandising Products (as defined in Section 11.3), the presentation and other use thereof, in whole or in part, in all media and by all means and processes, be they currently known or unknown, for any purpose including entertainment, information, advertising, promotion and marketing of the Ubisoft services or products for commercial or promotional purposes.
According to the understanding of the parties, this permission includes a corresponding permission with regard to all proprietary rights of the user with regard to the UGC, the trademarks, patents, trade secrets, personal rights as well as related property rights and other intellectual and industrial property rights in the UGC.
11.4 In any case:
the use of UGC by the User for any commercial purposes is strictly prohibited;
the opportunity granted to the user to create UGC or publish user-generated content is part of the service offered by Ubisoft to the users and does not give the user any right to payment, in particular if the UGC is made available to other users of a game or a service;
the user guarantees Ubisoft that the content (UGC or other content that he publishes when using the services) does not violate the rights of third parties (image rights, personal rights or other rights) and in particular does not constitute an infringement of property rights or an unlawful act of competition, in particular if the use by Ubisoft is in the context of providing its services;
The user undertakes not to create, use, share or otherwise publish any element (text, image, sound, video) within the Services that Ubisoft may reasonably consider to be manifestly unlawful, aggressive, deforming, pornographic, obscene, vulgar , racist, capable of inciting hatred, sexually explicit, violent or threatening to public order.
The User is personally responsible for the production, use and publication of the Content on the Services and agrees to indemnify Ubisoft and, if applicable, its affiliates, employees, officers and directors in the event of an appeal, action, claim or request against Ubisoft, its employees, officers or directors as a result of the use or publication of a user's content.
Ubisoft reserves the right to conduct its own defense at its own expense and retains sole control over any action that may give rise to a claim for redress against the User.
In these cases, the user agrees to cooperate fully in the event that Ubisoft requests this in connection with the defense of his interests.
The User understands and accepts the fact that UGC will be associated with the Username and will be made available to all users of the Service during the existence of the Services, with the sole exception of the removal of a UGC posted by the User within the framework of the Services , by Ubisoft after Ubisoft has been notified of the apparent illegality of this UGC or the infringement of any image or personality rights or other rights of third parties.
11.5 To the extent permitted by applicable law and if any personal or similar rights (hereinafter "Personal Rights") exist in relation to the UGC and are not exclusive to Ubisoft, the User will not assign his personal rights in relation to the UGC to Ubisoft or its licensees, distributors, Representatives, employees and other authorized users and the user warrants that this agreement is also made with any other person who could assert personal rights to the UGC.
12 Can you take part in our tests?
This article describes the general terms and conditions that apply to your participation in our testing (including alpha, beta and play testing).
AND.
We may offer you to test the Services or Content that are not yet commercially distributed (e.g. during alpha and beta phases, playtests, etc.) to identify bugs and errors and/or to improve them how it works (“beta testing”).
If you are eligible to participate in a beta test and agree:
a) you must first sign and return to us a confidentiality agreement and any other documents we deem necessary.
b) You acknowledge that the beta version of the content and services (“Test Content”) belongs to us and is strictly confidential.
c) We may ask for your reactions and suggestions.
Any such reactions and suggestions you provide to us during beta testing will become our exclusive property.
d) Trial Content is provided to you “as is” and “as available” without any warranty of any kind, express or implied.
You understand that you play the test content at your own risk, that it may contain bugs, and that your game progress and data associated with the beta test may be deleted at any time.
e) You agree that any breach of your Beta Testing obligations would cause us irreparable harm and that we would be entitled to take all steps to prevent any breach or threat of breach of your obligations or for the harm caused to receive compensation, without prejudice to the right to terminate your user account.
13 do we monitor our services?
This article explains how we may, but do not always, monitor our Services, particularly the opinions and comments expressed by users in the forums or through UGC.
We are not responsible for and do not endorse the opinions, advice and/or recommendations posted or submitted by users on the Services, including any public forums.
Such communications are the sole responsibility of the relevant users.
Subject to applicable legal requirements, we do not monitor the content, UGC, communications and other information provided by users on the Services.
We may, although we are not obligated to, supervise, monitor or moderate our Services, particularly on websites and forums.
In any event, we do not guarantee the validity, authenticity, accuracy or usefulness of any content, communications and/or UGC.
14 Can you access our Services through third parties and access third-party content through our Services?
This article covers access to our Services through a third-party platform (consoles, streaming services, etc.) and how we may show you third-party content through advertising on our Services.
AND.
Services/platforms offered by third parties (i.e. console manufacturers, streaming services, etc.) give you access to certain services.
The terms and conditions of such third parties will govern your conduct when you access the Services through their services/platforms, and in the event of a conflict with these terms, the terms and conditions applicable to the services/platforms offered by such third parties will prevail.
We may also display certain products, services and/or content from third parties by including advertising links, advertising banners or other advertising and promotional elements on our Services, and we may also conduct cross-marketing activities with any partners of our choice.
In either case, we cannot be held liable for such third party services, products and/or content.
15 What conditions apply in the event of a dispute regarding liability, damages and compensation?
This article sets out the limitations and exclusions that apply to our liability and the conditions under which we may pay you compensation or you must pay us compensation.
15.1 Limitation of liability and exclusion of liability.
The user expressly acknowledges that the use of the services and games is at his own risk.
The Services are provided “as is” (“as is”).
In this respect, Ubisoft does not provide any guarantee and does not provide any information about the quality or assurance of properties, in particular with regard to the results of using the services, with regard to conformity, accuracy, completeness, reliability, security, etc. The same applies to the market value of the services and games and the satisfaction of the user or the suitability of the Services or Games for a particular use.
The foregoing also applies to the freedom of the Services and Games, including the servers and software necessary for their operation, from interruptions or errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements, or to the correction of such errors, bugs, viruses or harmful elements.
Finally, Ubisoft provides no guarantee, representation or expectation as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information, content and/or items available through the Services and Games.
In particular, there is no exhaustive control of content of any kind, in particular user-generated content (“user generated content” or “UGC” as defined in Section 11) or statements published by users via the services or actions taken by users within the framework of the services .
Ubisoft therefore provides no guarantee and assumes no responsibility for the user with regard to his own actions and/or the actions of other users of the services.
Ubisoft also assumes no responsibility for any third party products or services presented to the user through Ubisoft and does not provide any warranty with respect to such products or services.
The user bears all costs of their own infrastructure that is necessary for using the services.
The user bears all risks associated with the expenditure of time and effort or the loss of data (particularly game data) or with disruptions or loss of commercial or other information through the use of the services and games.
The user is liable for any damage caused to Ubisoft to its partners or other users of the games and services or other natural or legal persons due to the use or all parts of the services and/or games in violation of the legal obligations or the obligations under these provisions, solely responsible.
In the event of operational disruptions that lead to the temporary unusability of services, even in parts, Ubisoft is entitled, at its own discretion, to extend the respective contract term free of charge by a period of time that is appropriate in view of the respective downtime for which Ubisoft is responsible.
With regard to paid services or products, this is the user's only monetary claim in this regard.
Any rights of termination remain unaffected.
Therefore, under no circumstances will Ubisoft be liable for any damages arising from the User's inability to use the Services in whole or in part.
Under no circumstances will Ubisoft be liable for any direct, indirect, accidental, incidental or other damages resulting from the use or inability to use the Services and Games, even if Ubisoft has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In the event of a breach of legal or contractual obligations by the user, Ubisoft reserves the right to (i) - at its reasonable discretion - delete the user account and withdraw the license for the use of the games and services and (ii) civil law or to take criminal action to prevent further violations of the law and to compensate for existing losses.
In particular, Ubisoft reserves, without limitation, the right to hold accountable users who have intentionally caused or attempted to cause damage to the Services or have interfered with or assisted in the proper functioning of the Services.
Ubisoft reserves the right to discontinue all or part of the available Services at any time and without prior notice.
The User acknowledges and accepts that, within the legal limits, in the event of a dispute with Ubisoft or its licensors, he may (i) stop using the Services and terminate his User Account and (ii) take legal action to compensate for losses, if necessary.
In addition, Ubisoft is only liable for the replacement of the content purchased for a fee.
After a complaint from the user, these will be recognized by Ubisoft as unusable and replaced by a corresponding number of elements of content and selection by Ubisoft.
The liability of Ubisoft, including its licensors, licensees, sub-licensees, assigns and successors, as well as their employees, managers, officers or directors (collectively "the Affiliates") is in any event limited to the amount of the User's liability paid for the Services within the twelve (12) months prior to the dispute.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 15 do not under any circumstances limit liability in favor of Ubisoft in the event of intentional or grossly negligent action, death or personal injury or the culpable violation of so-called cardinal obligations.
Further, the limitations, exclusions and disclaimers in this Section and other covenants herein apply only to the extent permitted by law.
15.2 Guarantee and indemnity by the user, compensation.
Upon request by Ubisoft, Ubisoft and its Affiliates (as defined above), their subcontractors and content providers, the User agrees to be held harmless from and against any and all liability, claims and damages and all related costs, including legal costs, arising from any breach of these Terms or and for which the user is responsible or which are caused in connection with the transmission of UGC in or through the services or generally by the user's behavior in the services.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, the User undertakes to protect and indemnify Ubisoft against inappropriate or illegal use of the User Account.
This also applies in the event of inappropriate or illegal use by a third party to whom the user has granted permission to use the user account.
The User acknowledges his personal liability for his use of the Services and for all communications and activities occurring within the Services.
Ubisoft reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume full responsibility for the defense and treatment of incidents to which the user is actually obliged.
In this case, the user is no longer obliged to release Ubisoft from liability in the respective case.
The agreements in this Section will remain in effect and in effect even after the termination of these Terms or the User Account.
16 Is there any other information you need to know?
This article contains additional information applicable between you and us, including changes to these Terms, arbitration of consumer disputes, applicable law and jurisdiction, and contact details.
AND.
Please see other general information applicable to these Terms below.
If you cannot find the information you are looking for in these Terms of Use, it should be available at https://legal.ubi.com.
16.1 Changes to Terms.
We may change these terms at any time for security, legal, best practice and/or regulatory reasons.
We will not use this right to make material changes to the Terms that affect your rights without providing you with an opportunity to consent.
If you do not agree to the changes to these Terms, you can close your user account as described in Article 8.1. explained, terminate.
You should check the Terms periodically for changes as they are binding on you.
Any use of the Services after the amended Terms come into force constitutes acceptance of the amended Terms.
16.2 Severability clause.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, that provision or part of such provision shall be deemed to be deleted to the extent necessary and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms of Use shall not be affected .
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision of these Terms of Use would be valid, enforceable and legal if any part of that provision were deleted, that provision will be deemed valid with the minimum modification necessary to make it valid, enforceable and legal, so that our original intentions are expressed.
16.3 No waiver.
No waiver of any right or remedy will be deemed to have occurred unless you and we have signed a written statement to that effect.
Failure or delay by us to exercise any right or remedy contained in these Terms or provided by law shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict any future exercise of that right or any other right or remedy.
Any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall not preclude or limit the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
16.4 Completeness of the Agreement.
a) In agreeing to these Terms, neither party has relied on, and will not rely on, any representation, representation, assurance or guarantee (“Representations”) made by any person that are not expressly set out in these Terms.
b) Each party agrees that its only rights and remedies arising out of or in connection with any representation will be in the event of a breach of the Contract.
c) These Terms and any rules or instructions posted online regarding a Service contain the entire agreement between us and you regarding the subject matter and supersede and cancel all prior or contemporaneous understandings, negotiations and agreements, whether oral or written.
d) Liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation shall not be limited or excluded by anything in this article.
16.5 Dispute Resolution.
Out-of-court dispute resolution.
In the event that any dispute or claim arises in connection with these provisions, the European Commission provides a platform facilitating the independent and out-of-court resolution of online disputes between consumers and professional providers, accessible at the following address: https:// ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
Applicable Law.
These Terms, your user account and any dispute or claim arising in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany.
You irrevocably agree that the courts of Germany shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve such disputes or claims.
16.6 Force Majeure.
We will not be liable under these Terms if we are affected by any act, event, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control, such as strikes, failure of a telecommunications network, acts of God, war, riot, pandemic, malicious damage to property, compliance with laws or official orders, accident, fire, flood or failure of subcontractors, are prevented or delayed from fulfilling our obligations or carrying out our business.
16.7 Contact / Customer Service.
You can find these regulations at https://legal.ubi.com.
If you have any questions about these Terms, any Service or Content, you can contact us at: https://support.ubi.com
THESE TERMS APPLY ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
