https://www.weebly.com/terms-of-service?lang=de
Announced on: December 13, 2018
Effective date: December 13, 2018
Content Guidelines
The following types of websites are not allowed on Weebly:
● For adults: Nudity in a sexual setting, visible genitals or adult themes
● Copyrighted Content: Music, movies, or games to which you do not own the rights
● Hate speech: Content that promotes violence or incites hatred against specific individuals or groups, such as race, religion, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation.
The above is intended as an example only and is not intended to be an exhaustive list of individuals or groups that may be the target of hate speech.
● Spam/SEO: a website whose sole purpose is to achieve a high position on Google, Facebook “likes”, etc
● Phishing: a website that tricks the user into entering their username and password
● Illegal Content: Content that may be illegal in the United States or under the laws of other countries
● Scams: “Get rich quick”, pyramid schemes or other dubious methods
● Excessive Advertising: Displaying excessive amounts of advertising on your website, including more than three ad units per page
● File hosting: Include websites that were not created with the Weebly editor
● Harmful Experience: Websites that use the “custom HTML” element that results in an off-putting user experience, such as extremely flashing banners, excessively animated motion, or content that can cause unsuspecting visitors to have fits
● Illegal/Inappropriate Products: Websites that offer or sell items that are illegal, weapons, counterfeit, stolen, fraudulent, infringing, violating privacy/publicity rights, and that are lewd, pornographic, or made to sell weapons be or should be weapons.
This list is a quick reference and should not be considered complete.
For more detailed information, please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully.
1. Acceptance of the Terms
Thank you for using Weebly!
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) constitute a legal agreement between you and Weebly (as defined below) and govern your use of and access to the Weebly website creation service, including website hosting services, websites, Communication tools, mobile applications, e-commerce tools and other services (collectively, the "Service") available through the website (http://weebly.com) and associated domains owned by Weebly (collectively, the "Site") ) or otherwise made available by Weebly.
By using the Service in any way, you agree to and accept these Terms, our Privacy Notice and any other legal notices or policies posted on the Site.
If you use our Service on behalf of an organization, you agree to these Terms on behalf of that organization.
These Terms apply even if you use the Service on a trial basis.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, we ask you not to use this service.
Whenever any of the terms “Weebly,” “we,” “us,” or “our” are used in these Terms, they refer to the Square company with which you have contracted.
The business entity that represents your contractual partner is generally determined by your country of residence.
“Country of Residence” is the jurisdiction associated with your Weebly Account, either based on your express choice or Weebly's evaluation of your residence, using various data attributes associated with your Weebly Account.
● If the USA is your country of residence, your contract is with Square, Inc., 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
● If Canada is your country of residence, you have a contract with Square Technologies, Inc.
● If Japan is your country of residence, you have a contract with Square KK.
● If Australia is your country of residence, you have a contract with Square AU PTY, Ltd.
● If your country of residence is the United Kingdom or any country other than the United States, Canada, Japan or Australia, you are contracting with Squareup International Ltd.
In addition to the restrictions set out above, you may not create a Weebly Account or otherwise use the Service if you are not already legally permitted to enter into contracts, such as: B. if you are not yet of legal age in your country of residence.
If you are under the age of majority in your country or region, you may only create and use a Weebly account under the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian or, alternatively, through a special student account created by an instructor through education.weebly.com provided that the teacher has obtained signed consent from the parent or guardian.
2. Description of the service
Our web-based service allows users who register for an account (each, an “Account Holder”) to create and update an online website.
Upon registration, each account holder will receive his or her own website and may create "Content" (defined in Section 8).
Any new features of the Service, including the release of new Weebly tools and resources, will be subject to these Terms.
To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet, either directly or through devices capable of accessing web-based content, and you must pay any fees associated with Internet access.
In addition, you must provide all equipment to create such connection to the Internet, including a web-enabled computer.
The Service may include certain communications from us, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Weebly newsletter.
These communications are considered part of the Weebly membership.
You may not access the Service by any means other than through the Service interface that we make available to you.
3. Registration
To register as an account holder, you must provide us with a valid email address and other personal information (“Login Information”).
You choose a password and account description for your sites during the sign-up process, and you are then provided a Weebly ID.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and for all activities that occur under your account.
In consideration of using the Service, you agree to maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete Registration Information.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if Weebly has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, then we may suspend or close your account and Refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or any portion thereof.
In addition to the restrictions set forth in Section 9 below, individuals under 13 may not create or use accounts through Weebly.com.
However, students under 13 may create Weebly through a special student account created by their teacher through education.weebly.com, provided that the teacher had obtained consent from the student's parents.
4. Weebly Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Notice (available at: https://www.weebly.com/privacy), which forms part of these Terms, describes how we collect, protect and use your Registration Data and certain other information about you.
We encourage you to read this privacy notice and use the information it contains to make informed decisions.
5. Website Account and Security
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and website and for all activities that occur or actions taken under the account or in connection with the website.
You agree to contact us immediately about any unauthorized use of the account or any other breach of security.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your breach of this security obligation.
You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances will Weebly, its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, directors or employees be liable in any way for your or any third party's acts or omissions, including any damages whatsoever as a result of such acts or omissions.
6. Property Rights
Weebly is the owner of the website and the service.
The Site and Service use and display content, features and functionality, including, but not limited to, proprietary software, inventions, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, slogans and claims not owned by Weebly or otherwise are affiliated third parties authorized by the U.S. and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and/or other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
No part of the Site may be copied, reproduced, displayed, transmitted or otherwise used for any purpose without the prior permission of Weebly or the applicable third party intellectual property owner, or except as otherwise expressly provided herein.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
The Service, any confidential and proprietary software used in connection with the Service, Materials (as defined below), content contained in advertising from sponsors or information obtained through the Service or from advertisers, and all other materials and services , provided by or through Weebly, are the property of us or other parties who have licensed their materials, content or services provided and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of such materials, including any “professional photos” or “free photos” made available through the Service, is made solely in accordance with all relevant laws and all terms and conditions which applicable to these materials.
In no event will Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use of any Materials violating the law or any terms and conditions applicable to such Materials.
“Material” here refers to all software, text, software documentation, designs, “look and feel”, layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging, design and functions, files, documents , images or other material, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as any derivative works thereof, made available via Weebly or the Service.
You may use the Material to the extent and only to the extent necessary to access and use the Service in accordance with these Terms and in the case of Material owned by third parties and provided to you by or through Weebly or the Service , subject to the third party terms and conditions applicable to such material.
This permission does not permit you to store, copy, reproduce, republish, modify, upload, post, translate, reduce the size of, rent, lease, loan, sell the Materials, distribute, transmit, transmit, display, decompile, reverse engineer and convert, decipher (or otherwise attempt to disclose any programming or source code used in or with the Materials) or otherwise in any manner other than specifically permitted in the said conditions.
You may not sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise attempt to transfer the right to, or create derivative works based on, the Service or Materials create or commercially exploit the Service or Materials in any manner not expressly permitted by these Terms.
Any use of the Service or Materials for any purpose other than that specifically permitted by these Terms and any applicable third party terms of use is expressly prohibited.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans and slogans (individually and collectively, “Mark” or “Marks”) are the property of Weebly or their respective owners.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms, no license or right to use any Marks is granted without the express written consent of Weebly or the applicable third party trademark owner.
“Professional Photos”: By purchasing and/or using “Professional Photos” available through the Service, you agree that (i) you will use such “Professional Photos” only on your Weebly website and only for display in digital form, (ii) you will not sell, modify, reuse, distribute, display, reproduce or otherwise use such “Professional Photographs”, (iii) you, if a “Professional Photograph” depicts a person and in connection with on a sensitive, unflattering or controversial subject, provide a statement that the image is used for illustrative purposes only and that the person in the image is a model, and (iv) you do not use the "right-click" button on any "professional" photo “Activate” feature or remove metadata or reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble your website to enable download or use of individual “professional photos”.
In addition, you may not use “Professional Photographs” in the following cases: (i) individually without any other content, (ii) for pornographic, defamatory or other unlawful purposes, (iii) to create or facilitate the creation of printed material, (iv) in physical or digital retail products such as e-cards, calendars, posters or screen savers, (v) to suggest or imply an endorsement or sponsorship of, or association with, the subject matter contained in the “Professional Photographs”, (vi) for the purposes of Release for file sharing of the image file or (vii) in any logos, trademarks, service marks or other brand developments or identifiers.
7. Your Rights to Your Content
Weebly does not claim ownership of your Content (as defined below).
However, you grant us your worldwide consent to host your Content on the Service and to take any action necessary to host your Content on the Service (such as making copies or reformatting or distributing your Content).
In other words, you grant us and our affiliates and assigns a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual and sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify your Content throughout the world in any media, adapt, publish, create derivative works from, distribute, and publicly perform and display it.
We do not wish to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Service or via email.
Unless otherwise agreed with an authorized Weebly representative, any materials, information or ideas that you transmit to us by any means may be distributed or used without compensation or liability, including, but not limited to, development, manufacturing and marketing of products.
However, this regulation does not apply to the content or personal data.
These apply depending on our data protection notice.
8. Content and rules and obligations for conduct
Any information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, communications, goods, products, services or other materials that you post to any website through the Service ("Content") are the sole property of Person from whom this content came.
You are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service.
We have no control over the Content that you post to the Service.
Its Content does not include non-personal buyer/seller transaction data or behavioral data generated through the use of Weebly's eCommerce platform (collectively, "Platform Data").
Weebly owns all platform data and uses it for service operations, improvements and analytics.
You are also responsible for creating backup copies of your Content.
By using the Service, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
Under no circumstances will we be liable for your Content or the Content of any third party, including, without limitation, any errors or omissions in your Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the transmission or publication of any Content or otherwise made available via the Service Will be provided.
You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Content, but that we have the right (but not the obligation) to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service.
We also reserve the right to remove any content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion.
You must evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of Content.
You can't just rely on content created by us.
You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve and also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal requirements, (b) these Terms to enforce; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) to protect our rights, property or personal safety and to protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users and the public.
The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including the Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) include changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of other connecting networks or devices.
You will not do any of the following:
A. You will not upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content
i. that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable or violates the privacy of others (including, without limitation, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers or other contact information without the written consent of the owner of the information),
ii.
that you do not have a right to transfer under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as insider, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed to you as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements),
iii.
that infringes the patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary rights of any third party (e.g., music, movies, images, e-books, or games to which you do not own the rights),
iv.
that constitutes unsolicited commercial email or "spam" - This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or other practices associated with "spam" such as (i) sending bulk email to recipients who have not requested it or with a forged sender address, (ii) distributing a website with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (iii) distributing your website by publishing multiple posts in public forums that are identical;
v. that contains software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other computer code, files or programs that may interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Service, computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or impair a Weebly user's ability to access the Service ,
vi.
who intend to exploit users such as get-rich-quick schemes, get paid to browse, pyramid/multi-level marketing or other dubious methods, or
vii.
that are by their nature intended for adults, such as any nudity in a sexual context or content with adult themes or depiction of visible genitals.
B. You will not harm minors in any way.
C. You will not “stalk,” bully, or otherwise harass anyone else.
D. You will not impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, a Weebly employee, forum leader, guide or moderator, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
E. You will not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted via the Service.
F. You will not interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or fail to comply with any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations on networks connected to the Service.
G. You will not intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, federal or foreign law or regulation.
You must comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data outside the United States or the country in which you reside.
If you use the Site, the Service or the Materials outside the United States of America, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, rules regarding acceptable online conduct, privacy, and export and import regulations of other countries;
H. You will not promote or provide instructions for illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury to any group or individual, or promote animal cruelty.
This may include, without limitation, providing instructions on how to construct bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;
I. You will not use the Service as a redirect service to another website or fraudulently manipulate Google or other SEO rankings or Facebook or other social network or website likes and similar voting mechanisms.
J. You will not attempt to obtain passwords or personal information from third parties for any unlawful or phishing purposes.
K. You will not exceed the scope of the Service for which you have signed up (e.g., by accessing and using tools for which you do not have the right to use, or by deleting, adding, or otherwise modifying user comments or content of others ).
L. You will not place more than three ad units on a page or include advertising that significantly reduces the user-friendliness of the website.
M. You will not upload files for the sole purpose of having them hosted by us and for use outside of a website created using the Service (e.g. using the Weebly Editor).
N. You will not create a website that uses custom programming to create a harmful user experience.
Examples include, but are not limited to, extremely flashing banners, excessively animated movements, or content that could cause seizures in unsuspecting visitors;
O. Under no circumstances will you use any open source software covered by the GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later.
P. You will not treat our email chat or telephone services or their employees inappropriately.
And
Q. You will not take any other action while using the Service that is detrimental to the Service or Weebly's reputation, as Weebly determines in its sole discretion.
We reserve the right to terminate any account or user found to have violated any of the foregoing prohibitions.
9. Selling via Weebly
Some of our services and materials may provide you with the opportunity to sell or purchase goods or services through websites hosted or developed by Weebly (such goods and services hereinafter referred to as “Commercial Products”).
We merely provide the platform for buyers and sellers to conduct transactions for these commercial products.
To sell on Weebly, you must be at least 18 years old, or at least the age of majority in your country of residence, and you must provide your full name, current address, a valid email address, and other information requested by us .
In the event of a dispute regarding account ownership, we reserve the right to request documentation to identify or confirm the owner of an account.
Documentation may include, but is not limited to, a scanned copy of your business license, government-issued photo ID, last four digits of credit card information, etc.
If a buyer purchases commercial products, payments will be processed through our third-party payment processor.
Buyers of commercial products will receive a notification when entering their payment information.
This will then forward you to the terms and privacy policy of the third-party payment service provider.
These payment services are governed exclusively by the terms of use and data protection regulations of the payment service provider.
We are not responsible for the actions of these third-party payment processors.
In addition to the other rules and requirements described in these Terms, you must follow the rules set forth below for offering, selling or purchasing Commercial Products.
YOU WILL NOT offer or sell commercial products that
● are illegal or potentially illegal, including those that are counterfeit, stolen, or restricted due to historical significance.
Commercial products sold through the use of these services may not violate any applicable laws.
This also applies to commercial products sold to persons outside the United States;
● violates or has the potential to violate the intellectual property or privacy rights of another or which may be offensive, libelous or otherwise defamatory;
● we deem, in our sole discretion, to be inappropriate, offensive, pornographic, sexually explicit or violent; or
● manufactured as weapons or intended primarily to be used as weapons, including firearms, prohibited devices or ammunition.
We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, whether any Commercial Products constitute “weapons” within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions; or
● use images or names of third parties (including those of celebrities or celebrities) when offering or selling commercial products without first obtaining the permission of the third party concerned.
10. Fees and Payment
You may enter into a one (1) month, six (6) month, twelve (12) month or twenty-four (24) month contract with Weebly.
Some of the Service features require fees as described on the Site for each Service ("Fees").
If you enroll in these features, you will be required to pay any applicable fees.
We reserve the right to change our prices and/or combine certain parts of the Service for price reasons and may do so at any time.
You authorize us to make any necessary investigations necessary to validate your account and financial information.
All Fees are calculated in U.S. Dollars and do not include any taxes, duties, duties or similar governmental assessments of any kind, including, without limitation, any value-added, sales, excise or withholding taxes, which may be assessed by any jurisdiction (collectively, the “Taxes ").
It is your responsibility to determine what taxes, if any, apply to the payments you make or receive and it is also your sole responsibility to assess, collect and report and submit the correct taxes to the appropriate authority transfer.
If you purchase services offered by us that require a fee, you are allowing Weebly or our third-party service providers to store your credit card information and authorize us to use the payment card you provide in connection with (a) fees for the services purchased and (b) applicable taxes with your use of the Services.
You will repay us all collection costs and interest on any overdue amounts.
If the card you have on file for payment expires and you do not provide new card information, you authorize us to continue to invoice you and you remain responsible for all applicable charges.
AT THE END OF THE CONTRACT TERM, YOUR CONTRACT WILL BE EXTENDED FOR A FURTHER CONTRACT TERM UNTIL YOU CLEARLY TERMINATE THE CONTRACT AND YOUR PREFERRED PAYMENT METHOD WILL BE CHARGED ACCORDINGLY.
YOU CAN STOP THE AUTOMATIC RENEWAL OF YOUR CURRENT CONTRACT AT ANY TIME.
YOU MAY MAKE ANY CANCELLATION REQUESTS AT ANY TIME BY EMAIL TO HTTP://HC.WEEBLY.COM OR BY CALLING OUR HELP CENTER.
11. Termination and Changes to Service
If you cancel the Service, your cancellation will be effective immediately.
Upon termination, you will no longer have access to your website and we may delete all information on your website.
We assume no liability for any information or content deleted in this way.
As long as we continue to provide the Service, we will attempt to update, improve and expand it.
This allows us to provide you with access to the service offered and accessible at any time without any additional obligations, except as expressly provided for in these Terms.
We reserve the right to change, amend, refuse access to, exclude, suspend or terminate the Service (e.g. changes to data storage or capacity limits), in whole or in part, as well as the right to change prices at our sole discretion for all or any part of our Services to you or to any user.
All such changes will be effective upon posting on our website or notified directly to you, unless otherwise stated.
We further reserve the right to withhold, remove or delete any content associated with your account without prior notice if, in our opinion, it conflicts with these Terms and Conditions.
For the avoidance of doubt, we are not obligated to store, retain or make available to you copies of the Content that you or others provide using our Services.
We also reserve the right to limit or discontinue telephone or chat support if your use of these customer services is unreasonable or otherwise negatively impacts our ability to provide support to other users (as determined in our sole discretion). .
12. Money Back Guarantee
Except for monthly accounts, all paid Weebly accounts come with a 30-day return guarantee.
If you are dissatisfied with this account service for any reason, you may receive a full refund if you cancel your account within 30 days of activation or within 30 days of renewing your contract.
Please send refund requests to http://hc.weebly.com with the subject line Refund Request.
You may upgrade or downgrade your Weebly service at any time during your contract term.
If you withdraw from this contract, we will refund your payment within 14 days of receiving your information about your decision to withdraw and you will receive the refund via the same payment method used for the original transaction.
This credit will be applied to future Weebly service months and cannot be paid out to you in cash.
Downgrading your account may result in the loss of content, features or services of your account.
We accept no liability for such losses.
13. Third party services, software and websites; no tacit endorsement
Weebly is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of any third party service, product, software or website including, without limitation, such content as text, documents, designs, images, clips, photos, videos, artwork, graphics , audio, audio-visual files, communications, interactive or instant messaging, posts, features, files, documents or other materials from third parties (collectively, "Third-Party Materials"), whether linked or redirected to Third-Party Materials directly through the Site or Service were or not.
Weebly neither endorses nor is responsible for any Third Party Materials, nor does Weebly make any representations regarding the reliability, accuracy, nature, origin, quality or use of such Third Party Materials.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of any Third Party Materials, including those made available on or through the Service, is solely in accordance with all applicable laws and all terms and conditions of any applicable license or other agreement.
In no event will Weebly be liable to you or any third party for your use or alleged use of any Materials.
Furthermore, third-party materials, such as email, e-commerce and payment services, including but not limited to payment options at Authorize.net, PayPal, Square, Stripe, may be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of the third parties, and you alone are responsible for reviewing, agreeing to and complying with these Terms and Conditions prior to using any Third Party Materials.
The use of any Third Party Materials is at your own discretion and risk.
If you do not agree to the third party's terms and conditions or license agreement, do not download or use any Third Party Materials.
Use of the Third Party Materials through the Service does not transfer to you any right, title or interest in the Third Party Materials beyond the terms and conditions contained in the Service or the third party's license.
Any reference on the Website to Third Party Materials is not an endorsement or endorsement by us of such Third Party Materials.
Third party payment service providers: Weebly uses third party payment service providers to help us securely process your personal data and payment information.
Third party service providers' use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies, which may or may not contain privacy protections to the same extent as Weebly's Privacy Notice.
Payments are currently processed and managed through the third party providers listed below.
We will inform you which payment services are used when we process your payments.
· Authorize.net – Privacy Policy
· PayPal – Privacy Policy
· Square – Privacy Policy
· Stripe – Privacy Policy
· Apple Pay – Privacy Policy
· Android Pay – Privacy Policy
Apple Pay and Android Pay are automatically activated for users who have chosen Stripe as their payment provider.
If you do not wish to use Apple Pay or Android Pay as a payment method, it is your responsibility to disable Apple Pay and/or Android Pay.
You can deactivate these payment options in your store checkout settings.
By using Apple Pay and Android Pay, you accept Apple Pay's policy on acceptable use of this payment method and/or the Google/Android Pay Terms of Service (API).
14. Themes
If you wish, you may add website themes (“custom themes”) to the Service for use by other users.
You hereby grant and grant to us the exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, modify and create derivative works of any custom themes to which you have contributed, including the HTML code and the associated media assets.
15. Designer Platform Terms
If you use our Designer Platform Service to design a website (a “Client Site”) for a third party (your “Client”), your use of the Service will be subject to the additional terms and conditions of this Section 15.
A. Your relationship with your customer is solely between you and the customer.
We will not be a party to any agreements you have with your customers.
The manner in which you choose to carry out your Services is at your discretion and under your control; however, you agree to perform such services in a prompt and professional manner, consistent with industry standards and in accordance with these Terms.
B. You accept full responsibility for all Customer Websites under your account and for compliance with these Terms for each Customer Website.
C. Although we would like to allow you to resell this Service under your own brand name, this brand name is in no way guaranteed and we will not be liable for any failure to maintain this brand name.
D. If your customer contacts us, we will ask them to contact you.
If you do not provide support to your customer and we receive a request from your customer indicating that you are not responding to their requests, we reserve the right to provide direct support to your customer.
E. Payments for your use of the Designer Platform Service are calculated per website.
Each customer website under your account that is published live on a customer domain will incur monthly service fees.
These service fees will be billed to your credit card on file in your Weebly account.
F. Service fees will be invoiced each month for the following month based on the total fees for all customer websites.
If a customer's new website is released mid-month, the prorated amount will be billed to your next monthly bill.
G. You will not receive a refund for any days remaining in your current billing cycle.
H. You understand and agree that you, as the account holder, are ultimately responsible for the payment of each Customer Site under your account.
If at any time a Customer Website's billing obligations are not met, we have the right to disable the Customer Website until such billing obligations are met.
16. Resale of Services
You may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service unless you receive written permission to do so from us, which may be in the form of a separate written agreement with Weebly (such as the Weebly Cloud Agreement). .
Weebly is often used by designers who create websites for third parties.
Such use is permitted only if it complies with the express Designer Platform Terms of Use above.
If you design websites for third parties on a different version of Weebly, those sites must each have their own account controlled by the applicable third party, and you cannot combine multiple client websites under one account owned by you.
17. Registration and deletion of the domain name and change of registrar
The domain name registration services (“Domain Services”) provided to you by Weebly are also subject to the following terms and conditions (the “Domain Terms”).
Your use of the Domain Services provided by Weebly constitutes your agreement to these Terms.
Some of the Service Packages include registration of an Internet domain name or renewal of your existing domain name (the "Domain Name") by Weebly on your behalf.
For the purpose of obtaining and/or maintaining the domains, Weebly will act only as an intermediary between you and the organization responsible for assigning the domain name ("Registry"), which is Register.com.
All new registrations and subsequent renewals of such registrations will therefore also be subject to the Register.com Terms and Conditions, which can be found here: http://www.register.com/policy/servicesagreement.rcmx.
Weebly reserves the right to use another domain name service provider at any time.
In this case, the relevant organization's terms and conditions will apply in addition to these Domain Terms and the other domain name service provider will be deemed to be the "registrar" for purposes of these Terms.
Weebly may provide one (1) domain name free of charge for a period of up to one year, subject to the purchase of a new annual or semi-annual subscription.
The domain will be part of your Weebly account for the term of your account and will be registered in your name and will be yours for as long as you pay the domain registration fees due after the first year.
The free domain name is only valid for certain top-level domains (e.g.:.com, .net and.org) when signing up for a new plan.
You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the data relating to the responsible owner of the domain name ("Applicant") and the administrative contact details when registering the domain name.
The technical contact in all cases will be Weebly, Inc.
Before applying for a domain name, it is your responsibility to verify that the domain name does not infringe the rights of third parties or violate applicable law.
We may delay activation of the domain name until payment of the agreed registration services fees is received.
Weebly is not able to influence the domain name assignment by the registrar.
We cannot guarantee that the requested domain names will be assigned to you and/or that the domain names assigned to you are free of third-party rights, nor can we guarantee their continued existence.
Any information we provide regarding the availability of a domain name is based on third party data and is current only at the time of the information request.
The domain is only considered to be assigned to you when it is registered under your name as the applicant and entered into the registry's database.
The initial registration period for purchased domains can vary; such registration will automatically renew for subsequent 12-month periods.
You will be billed for automatic renewal forty-five (45) before your domain expires (although this date may be different from your Weebly website subscription renewal date).
You can of course opt out of automatic renewal by turning off the automatic renewal option in your settings at any time before the auto-renewal takes effect.
Each domain purchased is registered in your name and is yours as long as you pay the applicable fees.
If you purchase a new domain or renew the existing domain and then cancel your purchase within the first thirty (30) days by contacting http://hc.weebly.com, you may receive a full refund.
Your right and title to your domain name enables the purchased domain to be transferred to another domain provider; however, in the case of domain transfer, you will not be entitled to a refund of the registration fees paid to Weebly.
Regardless of the identity of the registrant or other contact information in your domain name records, any domain name registered by Weebly using your Weebly Account will be covered by these Terms.
Regardless of the identity of the registrant or other contact information in your domain name logs, any domain name registered by Weebly using your Weebly Account will be covered by these Terms.
This information must include the registrant's full and legal name, a postal address (PO boxes or anonymous addresses are not permitted), a valid email address and telephone number.
If this information changes, you must inform us immediately by updating your information online.
Please note that if your billing information, including current credit card information, is not current, we will not be able to renew your domain service and it will therefore expire.
Subject to these Terms and those of the Registrar, you may transfer any domain name registered through us to another registrar by following Weebly's online instructions.
If we are unable to carry out the domain transfer to your new provider due to an error on the part of you, the account holder or the new provider of the domain name, we are expressly entitled to have the terminated domain name deleted by the responsible provider after the termination date has expired is.
We will not be liable to you or any third party for such deletion.
We reserve the right to only allow domain transfers if all undisputed and outstanding claims have been settled with us.
It may not always be possible to reinstate a domain name after expiration, and Weebly may, in its sole discretion, determine when a domain name may be renewed after expiration and what fees may apply.
If you lose a domain name due to non-payment, Weebly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) register and use the domain name for its own purposes; (b) sell or transfer the domain name to a third party; or (c) delete the domain name and have it re-registered by a new registrant anywhere in the world.
Furthermore, you allow Weebly to charge the credit card that you have registered with us for the outstanding amounts on your account.
Under certain circumstances, domain name registrations may become the subject of an action for rescission.
In the event that Weebly is made a party to any legal action based on any of your domain name registrations, you agree to be responsible for all costs and attorneys' fees incurred by Weebly and to indemnify Weebly against any claims.
If Weebly is notified that a complaint has been filed with a judicial or administrative authority regarding your domain name, Weebly may, in its sole discretion, (a) block or suspend your ability to use, modify or transfer your Registration Records and/or (b) deposit control of your registration record with the appropriate judicial body by providing a certificate from the registrar.
Be sure to notify us immediately if you lose rights to a domain name registered by Weebly on your behalf.
18. E-Mail-Marketingdienst
The following terms and conditions also apply to the email marketing services provided directly to you by Weebly (the “Email Marketing Service”).
Your use of the Email Marketing Service constitutes your acceptance of these Terms.
Weebly may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Email Marketing Service if you fail to comply with these Terms.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service must comply with all applicable domestic and international laws.
This includes the laws applicable to you, Weebly, and any recipients to whom you choose to send emails (each, a “Recipient”).
Examples of applicable laws include regulations regarding spam email or unsolicited commercial email (hereinafter “spam” or “UCE”), privacy, security, obscenity, defamation, intellectual property, pornography, terrorism, internal security, gambling, children - and child protection and other applicable regulations.
It is your responsibility to know and understand the laws that apply to your use of the Email Marketing Service and the emails you generate and send through the Email Marketing Service.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service must also be consistent with the privacy policy applicable to the Email Marketing Service.
Weebly's privacy policy is available here.
You are solely responsible for your products and services and any advertising and content included or referred to in your emails when you send emails using the Email Marketing Service.
You agree to use the Email Marketing Service in a lawful, secure and professional manner consistent with industry standards of conduct; this also includes keeping reliable records.
You are solely responsible for any statement you make and any customer support, warranty, and product and service support.
Your use of the Email Marketing Service must comply with all applicable Weebly policies.
The following guidelines are examples of conduct when generating or sending emails via the Email Marketing Service that may violate these Terms of Use:
You will not do any of the following:
A. You will not use the Email Marketing Service in a manner that violates the Weebly Terms of Service or any other laws applicable to you or your recipients.
B. You will not use the Email Marketing Service to send spam.
You must ensure that all recipients have expressly agreed to receive emails from you by declaring their consent to receive them.
All emails and messages sent using the Email Marketing Service must comply with our anti-spam policy set out below:
i. Weebly has a zero-tolerance policy regarding the sending of spam and will not knowingly or intentionally have any business dealings with any user or company involved in the sending of spam or UCE.
We do not sell or trade personal information from our opt-in lists.
ii.
An email is spam if, among other things: (a) the personal identity of the recipient and their personal context are irrelevant because the email is equally applicable to a large number of other potential recipients; (b) the recipient has not provided verifiable, express and revocable permission to send spam; and (c) the transmission and reception of the message appears to confer a disproportionate advantage on the sender.
iii.
Spam is a matter of consent, not content.
A recipient should declare their consent (“opt-in”) or expressly agree to receive the message; either in response to a clear and unambiguous request or on the recipient's own initiative.
iv.
The US CAN-SPAM Act regulates and sets requirements for commercial messaging, gives recipients the right to opt-out of receiving emails from you, and imposes harsh penalties for violations.
Other international regulations and laws also apply to electronic marketing.
While we cannot provide legal advice, we encourage you to familiarize yourself with these regulations, especially if you live in the United States or are sending emails to recipients outside the United States.
v. If you receive spam complaints or have compliance issues, or if Weebly encounters a potentially problematic contact list, we will first ask questions and try to understand your business model and marketing goals.
If we decide that a list is not consent-based or is too old or problematic to work with, we will require you to remove it from your account.
In certain cases, we may ask you to find another provider because our goals are incompatible.
vi.
We refer you to our Email Marketing FAQ in the Help Center for further guidance on becoming a responsible email sender, as well as other options Weebly offers to protect against sending unwanted or unsolicited emails.
vii.
If you think a Weebly user is sending unsolicited email, you can report it to us by emailing abuse@weebly.com.
C. You will not use the Email Marketing Service to solicit, collect or send non-public information or personal data of other users or other persons without first obtaining their express written consent (or, in the case of minors, parental consent), or illegally Use any information or any other type of information that you do not have the right to request, collect or distribute.
D. You will not use the Email Marketing Service to send email campaigns that contain links to pornography, other sexually explicit content, illegal goods or services, or any other content that Weebly, in its sole discretion, deems inappropriate, or display such content.
E. You will not transmit any message, information, data, text, software, images or other content that you do not own or have not been given lawful authority to do, or that is illegal, harmful, harmful, abusive, defamatory, libelous, vulgar , obscene, defamatory or otherwise objectionable and may violate the right to privacy or publicity of others.
F. You will not send unethical, false or misleading advertisements or promotions or disseminate sales efforts and practices through the Email Marketing Service.
G. You will not send or forward any materials that contain a virus or corrupted data.
H. You will not use purchased or rented email lists.
I. You will not use any third party email addresses, domain names or mail servers without express permission.
J. You will not send email to unspecified addresses (e.g. webmaster@domain.com, info@domain.com) or to distribution lists, newsgroups, publicly viewable press or media addresses, or purchased email addresses.
K. You will not send emails that result in an unacceptable number of spam or UCE complaints (even if the emails themselves are not spam or UCE).
L. You will not deactivate or fail to include a working unsubscribe link included with each email that allows the recipient to remove themselves from the mailing list.
Each such link must remain operational for at least 60 days from the date of posting and you agree that you will not remove, deactivate or attempt to deactivate or remove such link;
M. You will not deactivate or fail to comply with a recipient's request to be removed from your mailing list within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the request.
You may not charge the recipient a fee, require the recipient to provide personal information beyond an email address, or require the recipient to write more than just a reply email or visit a single website as a condition of being removed from the mailing list to become.
As required by US CAN-SPAM and other applicable laws, you acknowledge that you are responsible for complying with unsubscribe requests after your Weebly account is terminated, regardless of the reason for doing so.
N. You will not disguise the origin or subject of any email, or forge or manipulate the address or subject line, headings, or transmission route information of the original email.
For each email you send via the Email Marketing Service, (a) the “From” line of the email must accurately and without misleading you reflect your identity or that of your company, and (b) the “Subject” line of your email must be related to the actual content of the email and must not contain any deceptive or misleading content compared to the overall content of the email.
You agree that you will comply with applicable laws governing the use of email marketing services (e.g. U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation, S.C. 2010, c. 23 and Regulation 2003/58/EC of the European Parliament and Council of July 12, 2002) are the sole or designated sender of any email you send through the Email Marketing Service and as such you are required to comply with these laws and those of other jurisdictions applicable to the your use of the Email Marketing Services and you will be responsible for any violation of such applicable laws.
O. You will not fail to include in any email your valid physical mailing address (which, if you are in the United States, may also be a valid post office box that meets U.S. Postal Service registration requirements) or a link to that information to specify.
For recipients based in the EU, each email must also contain the sending company's business registration number and VAT number or a link to this information.
P. You will not include in any email any “junk mail,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” incentives (e.g., coupons, discounts, prizes, or other incentives), or any other material that encourages the recipient to do so Forward email to other recipients.
Q. You will not violate U.S. and foreign export and import regulations.
Some industries have higher spam abuse rates than others.
Therefore, email marketing services may not be used on behalf of specific industries or senders.
These include, but are not limited to, the following:
i. Pharmaceutical products;
ii.
Work from home, make money online, get rich and lead generation offers;
iii.
Online trading, day trading tips or stock market related content;
iv.
Mortgage and Loan Related Content;
v. dietary supplements, herbal preparations and vitamins;
vi.
gambling services, products or tips;
vii.
pyramid schemes;
viii.
Affiliate marketing or any type of performance marketing in which one or more Affiliates rewards or otherwise incentivizes each visitor or customer generated by the Affiliate's marketing efforts;
ix.
credit improvement and debt elimination opportunities;
x. Counterfeit products or imitations that appear to be those of another brand.
You are responsible for ensuring that the content of your emails does not violate these guidelines.
Although Weebly has no obligation to do so, we may monitor your account to ensure compliance with these Terms and its operation in accordance with normal industry standards.
We have sole discretion to block emails, remove content, or prohibit use of the Email Marketing Services that violates any of the foregoing or these Terms (including the SendGrid Terms).
You acknowledge and agree that we and any third party that sponsors, posts, publishes or distributes your content and emails on the Internet also have the right to reformat, edit, monitor, block, remove or disseminate your emails and content to terminate the email marketing services in whole or in part, permanently or only temporarily.
In no event will the foregoing make us responsible or liable to you for compliance with laws and obligations for which you will be solely responsible and liable.
If you become aware of or suspect any violations of these Terms, please notify Weebly this way.
Weebly will evaluate compliance with the Terms at its sole discretion and reserves the right, without prior notice, to take any action of any kind (legal, technical or otherwise) or to prevent UCE and/or other unauthorized emails, messages or Campaigns enter, use or remain present in our network.
We may terminate the Email Marketing Services and your Weebly account at any time and for any reason.
If your account is terminated, we may permanently delete it and the data associated with it.
In order to provide the email marketing service, we currently use the SendGrid API (www.sendgrid.com).
Therefore, your use of the Email Marketing Service is also subject to SendGrid's terms and policies as they currently exist and/or in the future (“SendGrid Terms”); these include, but are not limited to, SendGrid's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
SendGrid's terms and conditions are in addition to these Terms and you must comply with both as part of the Email Marketing Services.
Weebly has no obligation to notify you of any changes to SendGrid's Terms.
We may terminate any Third Party Service, including SendGrid's, at any time in our sole discretion without notice to you and without liability to you or the third party.
Any such termination or any action by a third party may affect our ability to provide all or any features of the Email Marketing Services, and we will not be liable to you or any third party for such actions.
We will use any information you provide in connection with your use of the Email Marketing Service, such as contact lists (including email addresses and any other information from such lists) and content you post on the Internet or for email. Use an email marketing service or otherwise.
We acknowledge your ownership rights in such contact lists (“Customer Information”) and Content.
We will not sell or rent your customer information without your prior express consent and will only use it for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy and these Terms.
SendGrid may also use the Customer Information and other information provided by you as part of the Email Marketing Services subject to the SendGrid Terms and Conditions.
You hereby grant to us a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable right to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, perform and display Customer Information as necessary to provide and operate the Email Marketing Service.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, completeness, legality, consistency and adequacy of all Customer Information.
You are responsible for maintaining, securing and retaining all Customer Information in accordance with applicable law and your contractual obligations including the Terms.
You represent to us that you have the rights or permissions in relation to the Materials, your emails and the Customer Information that we require in order to use the Customer Information as contemplated in these Terms.
By using the Email Marketing Service, you agree that the emails, messages and content contained therein are non-confidential and you automatically represent or warrant that the owner of the relevant content or intellectual property expressly grants us a non-exclusive right in this regard , royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, worldwide license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display such content or intellectual property in any form or by any means, now existing or hereafter created medium to be developed, including as part of our advertising and sales activities, (or has granted us the said license through you as a sublicense).
To the extent permitted by law, we will make and retain copies of all customer information as necessary to provide the email marketing service and for internal backup purposes and other legal or regulatory purposes.
However, we do not undertake to retain copies of your customer information, emails and messages, content and other data.
You are responsible for backing up your customer information.
We make no representation that the content and materials on our website and/or our email marketing service are appropriate for use in locations outside the United States of America.
Those who access the Email Marketing Service from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
We reserve the right to limit the use, scope and accessibility of the Email Marketing Service to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction at any time in our discretion.
19. Indemnification
You release Weebly and its subsidiaries, licensors, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, employees, successors and assigns (collectively, "Indemnified Parties") from any and all liability, loss, claims, damages, expenses, costs or claims (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred or made against the Released Parties by any third party in connection with any claim or damage arising out of or relating to: (a) your Use (or any third party's use of your account(s)) of the Service, the Website or the Materials, (b) your Content, (c) any commercial products you offer on or through the Website or through use of our Services or (d) Your use of the Domain Services.
This includes, but is not limited to, a breach or violation of these Terms by you or anyone using your account.
You must cooperate fully as required by the Indemnified Party, at your expense.
Any Indemnified Party may, at its option, assume the defense and control of any matter for which it is indemnified hereunder.
You should not conduct any matter involving an indemnified party without the consent of the relevant indemnified party.
20. Disclaimer of Warranty
A. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
B. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF CUSTOMER OR SUPPLIER DATA, LOSS OF SALES, OR OTHER HARM TO YOUR BUSINESS THAT RESULTS FROM DELAYS, MISTAKES OR NON-DELIVERY OF INFORMATION, LIMITATIONS OR LOSS OF ACCESS, PROGRAMMING ERRORS, OR OTHERWISE ERRORS AND UNAUTHORIZED USE AS A RESULT OF YOUR SHARING ACCESS TO, OR OTHER INTERACTION WITH, THE SERVICE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING AND BACKING UP YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SERVICE.
WEEBLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR PARTICULAR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
C. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL.
D. NO DATA, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED IN OR MADE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE ARE INTENDED TO BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE KNOWLEDGE, EXPERTISE, SKILLS AND JUDGMENT OF TAX, LEGAL AND OTHER PROFESSIONALS .
THE SERVICE DOES NOT OFFER TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING THIS ADVICE AND WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO OBTAIN IT BEFORE AND IN CONNECTION WITH USING OUR SERVICE.
E. THESE TERMS APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE ONLY.
AS PART OF THE OTHER SERVICES WE PROVIDE TO WEEBLY USERS, WE HOST CERTAIN THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES ("THIRD-PARTY SITES").
THIRD PARTY SITES CONTAIN CONTENT CREATED BY THIRD PARTIES AND ARE NOT UNDER THE MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF WEEBLY.
WEEBLY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ACCURACY, SUFFICIENCY, CORRECTNESS, CONFIDENTIALITY, TRUTH, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THEM, ANY LINKS CONTAINED THEREIN, OR ANY MODIFICATIONS UPDATES REGARDING THERETO OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE THAT TO BE OFFERED.
YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THAT THIRD PARTY WEBSITE.
THE HOSTING OF THE THIRD PARTY SITES DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT OF THEM BY WEEBLY OR THE PROVIDER OF SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITES.
F. NEITHER WEEBLY NOR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS OR AFFILIATES WARRANT THAT THE SITE, ITS SERVERS, MATERIALS, SERVICES OR EMAILS SENT FROM THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, PARTNERS OR AFFILIATES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS .
G. WEEBLY AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES, MATERIALS OR SITE ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ALL GEOGRAPHICAL LOCATIONS.
21. Limitation of Liability
UNLESS OUR ACTIONS CONSTITUTE A WILLFUL OR GROSS NEGLIGENT BREACH OF OUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THESE TERMS BY US OR OUR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES OR AGENTS, WE SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SP EFFECTIVE, PENALIZING, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODNESS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WEEBLY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (a) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE ; (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED, OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SERVICE; (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (d) THE STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (e) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR THE MATERIALS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE, THE SERVICE AND THE MATERIALS.
UNLESS OUR ACTIONS REPRESENT A WILLFUL OR GROSS NEGLIGENT BREACH OF OUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THESE TERMS BY US OR OUR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES OR AGENTS, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WEEBLY, ITS AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, YOUR CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THE CONTENT GENERATED BY THIRD PARTIES MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, ANY VIOLATIONS OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANYONE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITE, THE SERVICE, THE MATERIALS, ITS CONTENT, THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS OR THIRD-PARTY-GENERATED CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
22. Exclusions and Limitations
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AS DESCRIBED IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21.
THEREFORE, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
23. U.S. Government Restricted Rights
The materials on the Service are provided with “LIMITED RIGHTS”.
Use, reproduction or publication by the United States Government is subject to restrictions set forth in applicable laws and regulations.
Use of the materials by the United States Government acknowledges our ownership rights.
24. Arbitration Agreement; Block exemption
We want to address your concerns or questions before you file a lawsuit against Weebly.
Please contact us at http://hc.weebly.com.
We will contact you via email to resolve the dispute informally.
You or Weebly may initiate formal arbitration if a dispute has not been resolved within 30 days of your submission.
YOU MAY ONLY RESOLUTE ANY DISPUTE WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND YOU MAY NOT BRING ANY CLAIMS AS A PLAINTIFF OR AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF PLAINTIFFS, IN A CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (E.G. CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION OFFICE COMPANY OR COMBINATION WITH OTHER ARBITRATION COURTS).
Any claim relating to these Terms that cannot be resolved through our informal process or the procedures set forth above shall be finally and exclusively resolved by individual arbitration in accordance with this Section and the applicable arbitration rules for that forum, with a court appointed by the American Arbitration Association (https://www.adr.org) sworn sole arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”).
The arbitrator will be responsible for determining any issues regarding the threshold of arbitrability, including issues regarding whether the Terms are enforceable, unconscionable, or illusory, and any justification for arbitration, including waiver, delay, estoppel, or estoppel.
Subject to applicable court requirements, you may also elect to pursue your claim in your local small claims court rather than through arbitration, so long as your matter remains in small claims court and is litigated only on an individual (i.e., non-class and non-representative) basis .
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16 applies in full.
If you are a consumer bringing a claim regarding a transaction intended for use by an individual, household or family, any arbitration hearing will take place in your country of residence.
Otherwise, the arbitration hearing will take place in San Francisco, California, or such other location as may be mutually agreed upon.
The arbitrator's award shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
While an arbitrator may generally award relief through declaratory or injunctive relief, the arbitrator here may do so only with respect to the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual party's claim provide legal protection.
The decision and judgment of the arbitrator thereon shall not have the effect of precedent or legal force in any other case or arbitration.
Weebly will refund arbitration fees for all claims totaling less than $10,000 under the American Arbitration Association for individual arbitrations brought pursuant to this section, unless the arbitrator determines that your claims were minor.
If you prevail in a claim in which you are entitled to attorneys' fees, you may seek to recover those fees from the arbitrator.
We will not seek to require you to pay attorneys' fees for any claim for which you seek relief, even if fees may have been awarded otherwise, unless the arbitrator determines that your claims were trivial.
For purposes of this arbitration provision, references to you and Weebly also include respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors and successors in interest, and authorized users or beneficiaries of the Services.
Subject to and without waiver of the arbitration provisions above, you agree that any litigation (other than small claims consumer actions discussed above) may be instituted and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any proceedings in the state courts located in the City and County of San Francisco or the Federal Court for the Northern District of California agree.
If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Either party may bring an action solely for injunctive relief, to stop unauthorized use or misuse of the Service, or to enforce intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright, trademark, trade secret or patent rights), without first engaging in an informal dispute resolution process or arbitration process.
If this arbitration agreement does not apply to you or your claim, any legal proceedings shall be filed in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California.
You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in San Francisco, California.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THESE TERMS MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM ARISES OR SUCH CLAIM ARISES, SHALL BE BROUGHT OR YOU WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.
25. Notice to Users in California
We would like to address your concerns or questions.
Please contact us via http://hc.weebly.com so we can address your issues.
You can also contact us at Square, Inc. (dba Weebly) 1455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, California 94103 USA.
In addition, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Service are entitled to the following express consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd.,
Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
26. General
We may send notices to you by email or by post.
The Service may also provide notice of changes to these Terms or other matters through a general display of notices or links to notices on the Service.
If your country of residence is the United States or Canada, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You and Weebly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in San Francisco, California.
If the United Kingdom, Ireland or any other country other than the United States, Canada, Japan or Australia is your country of residence, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. If Japan is your country of residence , these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly will be governed by the laws of Japan.
If Australia is your country of residence, these Terms and the relationship between you and Weebly will be governed by the laws of Victoria.
The failure of Weebly to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms).
You may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use an affiliate or other services, third-party content or third-party software.
If any provision of these Terms or any incorporated document is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision and the other provisions hereof Terms remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action brought by you arising out of or related to these Terms will be filed within one (1) year of such claim or cause of action is permanently excluded.
The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
You acknowledge and agree that you are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative action.
Furthermore, no more than one person's claims may be consolidated under any circumstances, in any manner, group or representative meeting or otherwise.
27. Violations
Please visit our abuse page to report any violations of these Terms.
