General terms and conditions of business
Germany: General terms and conditions for money transfers via the Western Union® online service
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE AGREEING TO THEM.
THEY CONTAIN LIMITATIONS ON OUR OBLIGATIONS TO YOU AS WELL AS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES THAT YOU MAY INCUR AS A RESULT OF A FUND TRANSFER THROUGH THE WESTERN UNION ONLINE SERVICE.
APPLICABLE PROVISIONS ARE HIGHLIGHTED IN BOLD.
The following terms are used in our general terms and conditions:
a. “Bank Card” means a Visa® or MasterCard® credit card or a debit card;
b. "Business Day" means a day (which is not a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the banks in Vienna are open for business.
c. “Card Issuer” refers to the issuer and owner of a bank card;
d. “Payment Method” means the options available to the Client for making a money transfer via the Western Union online service.
These may vary from country to country and may involve a bank card, bank account or other payment methods.
e. "Prohibited Purpose" refers to any unlawful purpose including, but not limited to, making or receiving payments for gambling services, chips or gambling loans, making a payment to yourself as the recipient to establish creditworthiness (FRAUD RISK), creating multiple profiles or sending or receiving funds on behalf of another person;
f. "Recipient" means the person designated as the beneficiary of a money transfer (whether such transfer was initiated by a principal through the Western Union online service or by a person through another Western Union money transfer service);
G. “Principal” means the person who initiated a money transfer through the Western Union online service;
H. “Transaction” means any money transfer you initiate through the Western Union online service;
i. "Western Union", "We", "Our" or "Us" refers to Western Union International Bank GmbH and Western Union International Limited and in the contractual provisions in clause 9 and in references to “negligence or fraud on our part ” also includes Western Union affiliates or resellers when they perform tasks that would otherwise be required by Western Union to provide the Western Union Online Service;
j. “Western Union Online Service” refers to money transfer services provided by Us through the Western Union Website or Western Union Mobile App;
k. “Western Union Website” or “Website” means the website operated by Us to provide money transfer services and the Western Union Mobile App;
l. "You", "you" or "your" refers to any person using the Western Union website as a client.
1. ABOUT US
1.1. The Western Union® online service is offered by Western Union International Bank GmbH ("WUIB") in cooperation with Western Union International Limited.
WUIB is a limited liability company registered in Austria under the commercial register number (FN) 256187t at the Vienna Commercial Court with its registered office at THE ICON VIENNA (Tower 24), Wiedner Belt 13, A-1100 Vienna.
Its data processing registration number (DVR number) is 2111221. Western Union International Limited is a company incorporated under Irish law (company number: TO 372428) with its registered office at Richview Office Park, Unit 9, Clonskeagh, Dublin 14, Ireland.
1.2. Consumers can find out about the addresses and opening times of sales partners and local representatives at the following telephone number: 0800 181 1797. You can still reach WUIB at the following number (toll-free in Austria): +43 (0)800 29 6544 or you can send an email Email to germany.customer@westernunion.de.
1.3. WUIB is supervised by the Austrian Financial Market Authority ("Financial Market Authority"), Otto-Wagner-Platz 5, 1090 Vienna, telephone number +43 1 249 59.
Further information regarding financial market supervision is available on the website www.fma.gv.at.
2. ABOUT OUR SERVICES
2.1. With the Western Union online service, Western Union offers domestic and international money transfer services.
You must be at least 18 years old and have your habitual residence in Germany to use the Western Union online service.
Each money transfer is assigned its own transaction number, called the Money Transfer Control Number or “MTCN”.
2.2. By completing and confirming the information required for a money transfer and by accepting these General Terms and Conditions, the client instructs WUIB to carry out a specific money transfer.
Each individual order represents a separate contract between WUIB and the client, which is limited to the implementation of a specific money transfer.
At no time will a framework agreement be concluded between you and Us that requires Us to carry out individual and successive money transfers.
The client must inform the recipient himself about the money transfer.
2.3. Subject to legal or regulatory requirements, We undertake to make the funds available for collection by the recipient no later than the end of the business day following the business day of receipt (“Receipt Day”).
The time of receipt is the time at which we receive the amount of money to be transferred and the fees associated with the transfer.
For money transfers initiated in paper form, the deadline is extended by another business day.
2.4. For money transfers (i) which go to a country outside the EEA or (ii) which involve more than one currency conversion between the euro and the currency of a non-euro area Member State of the European Union or EEA Contracting State, or (iii ) that are not paid out in euros, the amount of money will be made available for collection by the recipient no later than the end of the fourth business day after the day of receipt.
2.5. Normal money transfers can usually be collected within a few minutes, depending on the business hours of the respective sales partner's location.
Delays and other restrictions may apply in certain countries.
For details, please call the telephone number provided in paragraph 1.2 of these General Terms and Conditions.
2.6. The Western Union online service offers several options for collecting money: cash pickup at a distributor's location or transfer to a bank account or mobile phone, as applicable.
In order to have the money paid out in cash, each recipient must provide sufficient proof of their identity and all information about the money transfer required by Western Union, in particular the name of the originator, the country of origin, the name of the recipient, the approximate amount and all other conditions and submit the requirements that are mandatory at the Western Union sales partner location for the payment of funds, e.g. the MTCN (Money Transfer Control Number).
Cash withdrawals will be made to the person Western Union or the reseller deems eligible to receive the funds transfer after verification of identification documents.
Cash withdrawals can be made even if the transaction details provided by the recipient contain minor errors.
Neither Western Union nor its sales partners compare the recipient's address information.
At certain withdrawal locations, the recipient may be asked to prove their identity or answer a test question, or both, in order to collect the money.
Test questions are not an additional security feature and cannot be used to time or delay the withdrawal of a money transfer and are prohibited in some countries.
For transfers to a bank account or mobile phone, Western Union sends the money to the account designated by the client.
In the event of any discrepancy between the account number holder (including mobile phone numbers for mobile phone accounts) and the name of the named recipient, the transfer will be credited to the account number provided by the originator.
2.7. Applicable law prohibits companies that send money from doing business with certain individuals or countries; Western Union is required to verify all transactions against lists of names provided to us by the governments of the countries and territories in which we do business, including the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the European Union received.
In the event a possible match is identified, Western Union will review the transaction to determine whether the matching name is the person on the relevant list.
For this purpose, Western Union is entitled to request additional information and proof of identification from the client or the named recipient, which may delay the transaction.
This is a legal requirement for all transactions processed by Western Union (including all shipping activities initiated and completed outside the United States).
2.8. Transfer fees: You can obtain written information about our fees charged to the client for the money transfer via Western-Union's transaction website.
These will be presented to the client before the payment order is completed.
The specific fees for a money transfer will be shown to you if you go to www.westernunion.com and click on the “Online money transfer” field.
Select the destination country, enter the desired transfer amount and click “Calculate”.
The client is responsible for paying all fees for the money transfer, unless the applicable law in the receiving country requires otherwise.
In certain cases, money transfer payments may be subject to local taxes and processing fees.
For account-based money transfers and for money transfers to a mobile phone or bank account, the recipient may incur additional fees to receive the funds from the originator.
Funds transfers should be sent to a local currency account (owned by the recipient), otherwise the recipient bank (where the recipient has his account) may convert the funds at its own conversion rate or reject the transaction.
For questions regarding the account as well as rights and obligations, fees, availability of funds and account restrictions, the agreement that the recipient has concluded with their mobile phone company, mWallet service provider or other account provider applies.
In the event of any discrepancy between the account number holder (including mobile phone numbers for mobile phone accounts) and the name of the named recipient, the transfer will be credited to the account number provided by the originator.
Western Union may charge additional fees to send or receive money transfers made using an account.
Western Union shall not be liable to the originator or any account holder for any charges arising in connection with the conversion rates used in conversion into non-local currencies or for any acts or omissions of the final or intermediary financial service provider.
2.9. Foreign currencies
a. Money transfer payments are usually paid out in the currency of the destination country (some countries only accept withdrawals in an alternative currency).
All currencies are converted at the current Western Union exchange rate.
Western Union calculates its exchange rate based on standard interbank rates plus a margin.
Most exchange rates are adjusted several times a day in accordance with the relevant closing prices of global financial markets.
The exchange rate for a money transfer will be displayed when you select the destination country in the “Online Money Sending” field on www.westernunion.com, enter the desired transfer amount and click “Calculate”.
b. The currency is converted at the time of transfer and the recipient receives the foreign currency amount shown during the transfer process.
However, in some countries local regulations dictate that money transfers can only be converted at the time of withdrawal.
In the event that the Client sends the amount of money to one of these countries, the exchange rate stated above is only an estimate and the actual exchange rate will be determined at the time of payment.
Western Union sales partners may offer recipients to receive the funds in a currency other than that chosen by the client.
In these cases, Western Union (or its sales partners, mobile operators or account providers) may earn additional money by converting the client's funds into the recipient's chosen currency.
In the event that the Client chooses a payment currency that is different from the national currency of the destination country, there is a possibility that the chosen payment currency is not available in all payment points in that country, or that it is not available in denominations small enough to pay out the entire money transfer.
In this case, the Distributor may pay out all or part of the Client's money transfer in the national currency.
The exchange rate used by Western Union may be less favorable than publicly announced commercial exchange rates used in transactions between banks or other financial institutions.
Any discrepancies between the exchange rate offered to customers and the exchange rate received by Western Union will be retained by Western Union (and, in certain cases, by its distributors, mobile carriers or account providers) in addition to the transfer fees.
Additional information about exchange rates for specific destination countries can be obtained by calling the toll-free telephone number below or on Our website.
2.10. SMS – Western Union may offer free SMS alerts in some countries to notify (the originator) that the transfer amount has been collected by the recipient or that the funds are ready for collection (to the recipient).
The client or the recipient are solely responsible for the costs of the telephone provider.
Western Union is not responsible for any costs associated with SMS messaging.
If applicable law allows this, the SMS message will be sent to the mobile phone number of the client and/or the recipient provided at the time of the transaction.
Western Union will send the SMS messages to a gateway for forwarding, but forwarding is the responsibility of a third party and therefore cannot be guaranteed.
Western Union is not responsible for any technical malfunctions that occur outside of its own systems.
3. OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO YOU
3.1. We agree to provide you with the money transfer services and related information in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in the form of individual payments, using reasonable care.
3.2. We are under no obligation to carry out any instructions to carry out a transaction and will not be liable if we refuse an order or withdraw, terminate or limit in any way our provision of services to you.
However, these General Terms and Conditions apply to all orders that we decide to accept.
3.3. We assume no liability for:
a. the goods or services you pay for through the Western Union online service, including but not limited to their delivery;
b. malfunctions in communications facilities not within Our control;
c. Any loss of data or delays in transmission caused by your use of an Internet service provider or use of a browser or other software beyond Our control;
d. the services provided by your card issuer;
e. viruses originating from third parties;
f. Errors on the Western Union website or Western Union online service resulting from incomplete or incorrect information provided by you or third parties;
G. unauthorized use or interception of information prior to its arrival on the Website; or
H. unauthorized use of or access to data relating to you or your transactions maintained by Us, unless such use or access occurs due to Our negligence.
3.4. Regardless of anything previously agreed with you, We have no obligation to you to initiate or carry out a transfer of funds if:
a. We are unable to obtain sufficient evidence of your identity;
b. We have reason to believe that the transaction information is incorrect, unauthorized or forged;
c. You provide us with incorrect or incomplete information or your transaction information does not reach us early enough to allow the requested money transfer to be carried out in a timely manner in accordance with Section.
2.3 to 2.5 to ensure; or
d. Your card issuer does not authorize you to use your bank card to pay for the transaction and Our fees.
We assume, subject to our liability in accordance with the following section.
8 shall not be liable for any damages arising from the non-payment or late payment of a money transfer to a recipient or from the failure to complete a transaction within the Western Union online service due to any of the above causes.
3.5. We may refuse to allow you to use any or all of the Western Union Online Service if such use violates any Western Union policy, including:
policies to prevent fraud, money laundering or terrorist financing) and/or violate any applicable law, court order or requirement of any regulatory or governmental authority or other body under whose jurisdiction We are subject, or if We deem it necessary to take such action to protect Our own interests.
If We have denied You use of the Western Union Online Service (partially or in whole) for any of the reasons set out above, We will notify You accordingly and explain Our action, unless We are not permitted to do so for legal reasons.
3.6. We may suspend all or part of the Western Union website or online service if We, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate due to circumstances beyond Our control (“Events Outside Our Control”).
If the services provided by the Western Union Website or Western Union Online Service are interrupted for any reason (whether by Us, a third party or otherwise), We will take reasonable steps to minimize the duration of the interruption to keep.
3.7. Communication with you usually takes place via the Internet and by email.
However, this will not affect your right to contact Us by other means in certain circumstances (see clause 1.2 above).
4. YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TOWARDS US
4.1. You agree to pay Our Fees (see Section 2.8 above) for each money transfer you initiate using the Western Union Online Service.
4.2. You must pay the base amount of a money transfer and Our fees using a bank card or from your bank account (if a bank account-based money transfer is permitted by WUIB).
You agree that your card issuer will pay the base amount of the funds transfer and Our fees for the relevant transaction or that such amount will be transferred to Us from Your bank account before We carry out the funds transfer or other transaction.
You will be informed of the exact amount that We will charge to your card issuer or debit your bank account prior to your final authorization of the transaction.
4.3. You agree and acknowledge the following:
a. The information provided in the course of an online money transfer is true, accurate, current and complete;
b. You may only disclose the transaction details (amount of money, your name, country, recipient name and MTCN) to the recipient.
You are obliged to ensure that this data cannot be spied out by third parties.
We recommend that you only transfer money to recipients you know personally;
c. You may not use the Western Union Online Service for any prohibited purposes;
d. You may not initiate any transfer of funds for any Prohibited Purpose using the Western Union Online Service.
e. You will not request any money transfers using the Western Union Online Service in violation of these Terms and Conditions or any other usage restrictions or conditions specified on the Western Union website; and
f. You are responsible for the security of your password and user name in accordance with Section 6 below.
4.4. In the event of any loss, theft, reproduction or misuse or unauthorized use of the Transaction Data (see clause 4.3.b above) or if You believe that We have carried out a transaction which You did not authorize Us to make, or if If you believe that We have not carried out a transaction or have carried it out incorrectly, you are obliged to inform Us by telephone on 0800 181 1797 immediately after becoming aware of the matter.
We will then initiate an investigation.
4.5. You agree and acknowledge that We may disclose information about you and the services We provide to you to any regulatory or governmental authority or their bodies if necessary
a. we are legally obliged to do so or
b. We believe that such disclosure may help prevent fraud, money laundering or other crimes.
5. CUSTOMER SERVICE
If you notice any errors or problems on the Western Union website or Western Union online service, please contact Us by email or telephone (the contact details are provided in Section 1.2) or write to Us in German to the following address:
Western Union Germany
Lithuania UAB
J. Balcikonio Str 3,
Vilnius, Lithuania LT-08247
6. PASSWORD AND SECURITY
When placing your first money transfer order with Us, you must provide a password and a valid email address as your username.
The password and user name may only be used by you.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and username and for all transactions conducted using your password or username.
DO NOT SHARE YOUR PASSWORD WITH ANYONE OR NOTE IT ANYWHERE!
You agree to notify Us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or username or any other breach of security by calling 0800 181 1797.
After you have notified Us of any unauthorized use of your password or username, We will immediately take all necessary steps to prevent any further use of that information.
We will inform you of this action immediately after taking the appropriate steps and give you Our reasons, unless We are unable to do so for legal reasons.
Taking these steps will not result in any liability on Our part for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with Your obligation under this paragraph.
However, you may be entitled to a refund or credit of a certain amount from your card issuer if your bank card or bank account has been used fraudulently.
7. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
7.1. Western Union uses and processes your personal data in accordance with Our Privacy Policy, to which you hereby expressly agree.
Click here to access our privacy policy.
We are entitled to make changes to our privacy policy at any time.
7.2. This declaration represents an express waiver of banking secrecy in accordance with Section 38 of the Austrian Banking Act.
You can revoke this consent at any time by sending a letter to the WUIB address specified in Section 1.1 or by email to the email address specified in Section 1.2.
7.3. We reserve the right to verify the information you provide.
Western Union receives creditworthiness information based on mathematical and statistical methods from Deltavista GmbH, Diefenbachgasse 35, 1150 Vienna, or other service providers working for us in order to verify customer information, with the exception of credit information.
You can revoke this consent at any time.
8. LIABILITY
A. Unauthorized Transactions
8.1. We may be liable to you if We carry out a transaction on your behalf that you did not authorize Us to make.
With the exception of cases in which you pursuant to Section.
8.2 and 8.3 is not liable for any transactions not authorized by you, We will refund the transaction amount to you promptly, but no later than the end of the Business Day following the day on which we were notified that the relevant transaction was unauthorized , or otherwise became aware of the unauthorized transaction.
We have no claim to reimbursement of Our costs from you.
If We suspect that You have committed a fraudulent act, Our obligation to provide reimbursement will be suspended pending further investigation, which will be initiated immediately.
8.2. You may be liable for losses up to a maximum of EUR 50 if:
a. the loss arises from unauthorized transactions that were carried out due to the use of lost, stolen or otherwise lost transaction data (see section 4.3.b) above) or
b. the loss occurred due to misuse of transaction data by you.
8.3. We will not assert any claims against you under Section 8.2 if it was not possible for you to determine the loss, theft or misuse of the transaction data or if the loss of the transaction data was caused by an employee or vicarious agent who worked for us or one of our branches , or was caused by an external service provider commissioned by us.
8.4. Your liability for losses from an unauthorized transaction is not limited to a maximum of EUR 50 in accordance with Section 8.2 if you have acted fraudulently or contributed to the misuse of transaction data intentionally or through gross negligence.
In these cases, you will be liable for all damage resulting from the unauthorized transaction.
Gross negligence occurs in particular, but is not limited to, if you do not immediately notify us of the loss of the transaction data or you do not store the transaction data securely or disclose it to third parties.
8.5. Except in cases where there is fraudulent behavior on your part, you will not be liable to Us:
a. for losses arising from any unauthorized use of Transaction Data after We have been notified in accordance with clause 4.4;
b. if We have not ensured that Our contact points are available to You to enable You to notify Us in accordance with clause 4.4.
B. Incorrectly executed transactions and uncompleted transactions
8.6. We may be liable to you if We do not carry out a transaction for you correctly or at all for you, which you authorize Us to carry out, provided that We are not at fault.
This means that in the event of a transaction not being carried out or carried out incorrectly, We will refund you the transaction amount (to the extent that the transaction was not carried out or carried out incorrectly).
You are entitled to a refund of all fees and interest charged or incurred in connection with a non-completed or incorrectly executed transaction.
8.7. To the extent that We or an intermediary have charged fees for a transaction that has not been carried out or has not been carried out correctly and the fees have been deducted from the amount due to the recipient under the transaction, We will immediately refund the amounts due to the recipient in relation to these fees have been charged.
8.8. Any further liability that we may owe you under clause 8.6 is excluded to the extent that:
(a) we can prove that the transaction amount was received by the recipient's payment service provider at the right time or
(b) for the purposes of clause 8.6, a Transaction will be deemed to have been correctly carried out if We are successful in establishing that the Transaction was carried out in accordance with the Transaction Data you have provided to Us.
If you have provided Us with incorrect information to complete the transaction, you may ask Us to assist you in recovering the funds in question.
We cannot guarantee the success of these efforts.
We reserve the right to charge you a fee to cover Our reasonable costs in doing so.
C. Damages
8.9. Without prejudice to any claims for reimbursement under clauses 8.1 and 8.2 for (i) failed or incorrectly executed Authorized Transactions or (ii) unauthorized Transactions, you are entitled to claim compensation from Us.
This is not the case if We are not responsible because there has been no breach of duty by Us.
We are liable for the culpable actions of intermediary bodies commissioned by us, unless the fault lies with an intermediary body commissioned by you.
If you have contributed to the occurrence of damage due to culpable action on your part, the question of how the resulting damage will be shared between us and you will be decided according to the principle of contributory negligence.
8.10. Our liability for damages pursuant to Section 8.6.(a) is limited to a maximum amount of EUR 12,500 per transaction.
The liability cap does not apply:
• for unauthorized transactions,
• in the event of intent or gross negligence,
• in the event of interest losses and
• in relation to risks arising from a transaction about which you have informed Us.
D. Disclaimer
8.11. Any further liability which We may owe to You under clauses 8.1 or 8.6 is excluded unless You notify Us of the unauthorized or incorrectly executed transaction within 13 months of the transaction being carried out.
8.12. We will not be liable to you to the extent that the unauthorized or improperly executed transaction was made by or among third parties engaged by you before your payment for the transfer or other transaction has been received by Us.
You must immediately contact the relevant third party and inform them of the circumstances surrounding the unauthorized or incorrectly executed transaction.
8.13. We will also not be liable under Section 8 for transactions not carried out or carried out incorrectly if the reason for this is events beyond Our control or if We are subject to corresponding legal obligations.
8.14. We are not liable for damages resulting from unusual and unforeseeable events over which Western Union has no control and the consequences of which could not have been avoided despite the exercise of due care (e.g. due to events beyond our control, failure of telecommunications lines). , civil unrest, war or other events such as strikes or lockouts that we cannot influence).
This also applies to cases in which Western Union is bound by different community, domestic, judicial or administrative orders.
8.15. We do not exclude or limit Our liability to you if doing so would be contrary to applicable law.
This includes liability for damage to life and limb caused by gross negligence on our part, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or for a violation of our legal rights if it would be prohibited by law to exercise the corresponding legal rights with regard to the Western Union Exclude or restrict online services.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Western Union website and the Western Union online service, their content and all intellectual property associated with or contained therein (including copyrights, patents, database rights, trademarks and service marks) are the property of Western Union, its affiliates or from third.
All rights in the Western Union website and the Western Union online service remain Our property and/or the property of third parties.
The Western Union website and the Western Union online service may only be used for the purposes permitted by these Terms and Conditions or as described on the website.
You are authorized to view and save one copy of the Western Union website pages for your personal use only.
You may not duplicate, publish or modify, create derivative works from, participate in the transfer or sale of the Western Union website, the Western Union Online Service, or any portion thereof without Our express written consent publish it on the World Wide Web or otherwise use it for public or commercial use.
You may not: (a) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated program to access the Western Union website or Western Union online service; and/or (b) remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices displayed on the Western Union website (or printed pages of the website).
The Western Union name and all other names and proprietary designations of Western Union products and/or services appearing on the Western Union website are exclusive trademarks of Western Union or exclusive trademarks of third parties.
Other product, service or company names mentioned on the Site may be trademarks of their respective owners.
10. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Western Union website may contain links and pointers to other Internet sites and resources on the World Wide Web (the "Linked Sites").
Links to any Linked Site do not constitute an endorsement by Us or Our association with any third party resources or their contents.
Links do not imply that Western Union is affiliated or associated with third parties or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through a link, or that any Linked Sites are authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of Western Union.
You should direct any concerns regarding any Linked Site to such Linked Site's site administrator or webmaster.
Western Union does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of, and expressly disclaims, any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed or distributed through any Linked Site.
You hereby acknowledge that reliance upon any opinion, advice, or information displayed on or otherwise available through any Linked Site shall be at Your sole risk.
11. WITH REGARD TO A TRANSFER OF MONEY, ANY CANCELLATION POLICY OR
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
11.1. You have the right to withdraw from a money transfer order placed via the Western Union website within 14 days.
Withdrawal must be declared to us expressly and in writing by email or post.
However, you can no longer withdraw if we have already paid out the amount of money to the recipient before we receive your withdrawal.
If you exercise your right of withdrawal before We have paid the funds to the recipient, We will refund you the transfer amount and will not charge you any fees.
11.2. You can revoke a money transfer order in writing by email or letter to us, as long as we have not yet paid out the amount of money to the recipient before we receive your revocation.
In this case, We will refund you the amount of the money transfer at the exchange rate valid at Western Union at the time of the refund, but at least the nominal value of the transfer amount, provided that the payment to the recipient has not yet been made within 45 days.
In this case, you will not receive a refund of the transfer fees.
If We do not make the funds transfer amount available to the recipient within three business days, In the event of Your legitimate withdrawal, We will refund You the transfer amount and any transfer fees paid (subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions).
12. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms and Conditions, together with all other terms and conditions incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions, constitute the entire agreement between You and Us and supersede any prior agreements that may exist between You and Us.
13. SEVERABILITY
If one or more of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will nevertheless remain valid and in force.
14. COMPLAINTS, GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION
14.1. If you are not satisfied with our services, you can lodge a written complaint with us.
To do this, please use the contact details published on www.westernunion.com.
We will do Our best to investigate your complaint as quickly as possible and provide you with a final response within 15 business days of receiving your complaint.
In exceptional cases, we will send you an interim status notice within 15 business days indicating the period in which you can expect Our final response; In no event shall this period exceed 35 business days from the date of your original complaint.
If you do not receive a final answer from us or are not satisfied with our final answer, you can contact the Joint Arbitration Board of the Austrian Banking Industry, Wiedner Hauptstraße 63, 1045 Vienna.
Consumers with their habitual residence in Germany can also address certain complaints to the arbitration board at the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, Department ZR 3, Graurheindorfer Straße 108, D-53117 Bonn, or the Deutsche Bundesbank Arbitration Board, PO Box 11 12 32, 60047 Frankfurt am Main.
You also have the opportunity to assert your rights before the competent ordinary courts.
Alternatively, you can also use online dispute resolution (ODR).
ODR offers out-of-court solutions to disputes arising from online transactions: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
14.2. Austrian law applies to these General Terms and Conditions, with the exception of its conflict of law provisions.
Place of performance is Vienna.
If you are a consumer and are based in Germany, you can also rely on the mandatory provisions of German consumer protection legislation.
14.3. The Austrian courts have jurisdiction for contracts that are not concluded with consumers.
If you are a consumer, you may bring proceedings in relation to any claim or dispute (including non-contractual claims or disputes) arising out of or in connection with these General Terms and Conditions either in the courts of your habitual residence or in the Austrian courts.
If you are a consumer, We will bring legal proceedings against you in the courts of your habitual residence, domicile or place of employment.
