Terms of Use
What are these Terms of Use about?
This overview is intended to serve as a guide for you through our terms of use.
We hope that we were able to give you a good overview.
However, please read the Terms of Use completely.
Welcome to YouTube
This section explains our relationship with you.
This includes a description of the Service, a definition of our Agreement and identification of your service provider.
Who can use the service?
This section lists certain requirements for using the Service and the categories of Users.
Your Use of the Service
This section explains your rights to use the Service and the terms and conditions applicable to it.
It also explains that we will make changes to the Service as necessary.
Your content and your behavior
This section applies to users who provide content on the Service.
This defines the scope of the rights you grant by uploading your content.
The section also includes your agreement not to upload content that violates the rights of others.
Suspension and termination of accounts
This section explains how you and YouTube can terminate this relationship.
Software in our service
This section contains information about the software for the Service.
Other legal provisions
This section contains our service promise for you.
It is also explained here that we do not take responsibility for some things.
this agreement
This section contains some other important information about our contract.
For example, we will explain what changes to these Terms of Use will affect you or what laws they are subject to.
Terms of Use
Date: January 5, 2022
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to YouTube
introduction
Thank you for using the YouTube Platform and the products, services and features we make available to you as part of that Platform (collectively referred to herein as the “Service”).
Our service
The Service provides the ability to discover, watch and share videos and other content; a forum for people to interact, inform and inspire one another worldwide; and a distribution platform for creative content creators and advertisers, large and small.
For more information about our products and how to use them, see YouTube Help.
Among other things, you can find out about YouTube Kids, the YouTube Partner Program, and paid memberships and purchases on YouTube.
You are also welcome to read more about using content on other devices such as your television, your games console or even Google Home.
Service provider
The company providing the Service in the European Economic Area and Switzerland is Google Ireland Limited, a company incorporated and operating under the laws of Ireland (registration number: 368047) with its registered office at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (as “YouTube”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
References in these Terms of Use to YouTube's "affiliated companies" refer to the companies in the Alphabet Inc. group of companies in accordance with Sections 15 ff.
Stock Corporation Act.
Applicable Terms of Use
Your use of the Service is subject to these Terms of Use, the YouTube Community Guidelines, the YouTube General Policies, and the Security and Copyright Policies (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Our joint agreement also includes information about advertising policies for advertisers when you advertise or sponsor on the Service or incorporate paid advertising into your content.
Please read this agreement carefully and familiarize yourself with the provisions.
Use of the Service requires that you agree to the Agreement.
Who can use the service?
Minimum age
You can use the Service if you are at least 16 years old.
Children of all ages may use the Service and YouTube Kids (if available) provided a parent or guardian consents to such use.
Permission from parent or guardian
If you are under 18 years old, you must have permission from your parent or guardian to use the Service.
Please read this agreement with them.
If you, as a parent or guardian, consent to your child's use of the Service, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and will be responsible for your child's activities on the Service.
For information and resources for parents (including how a child under 16 can use the Service and YouTube Kids), see YouTube Help Center and Google Family Link.
Pursue
If you use the Service on behalf of a company or organization, you represent to us that you have the authority to act on behalf of that entity and agree to be legally bound by this Agreement.
Your Use of the Service
Content on the Service
The content on the Service includes video, audio (such as music and other sound recordings), graphics, photos, text (such as comments and scripts), distinctive features (including commercial names, trademarks or logos), interactive features, software, Readings and other materials (collectively, “Content”).
Users can post and make accessible content within the service.
YouTube is a provider of hosting services for this content.
The Content is the responsibility of the person or entity that posts and makes it available on the Service.
If you see any content that you believe does not comply with this Agreement, for example because it violates the Community Guidelines or the law, you may report it to us.
Google accounts and YouTube channels
Parts of the Service may be available without a Google Account.
However, for certain functions you need a Google account.
With a Google account, you can like videos, subscribe to channels, create your own YouTube channel, and more.
Instructions for creating a Google account can be found here.
You must create a YouTube channel if you want to use additional features, such as posting videos, commenting, or creating your own playlists.
Learn how to create your own YouTube channel.
To protect your Google Account, please keep your password confidential.
You should not reuse your Google Account password across third-party applications.
Find out more about how to protect your Google Account.
Among other things, you will learn what you should do if you become aware of unauthorized use of your password or Google Account.
your data
Our Privacy Policy explains how we handle your personal information and protect your data when you use the Service.
The YouTube Kids privacy policy contains further information about how we handle data protection with regard to YouTube Kids.
When processing the audio or audiovisual content you upload, we adhere to the YouTube order data processing conditions.
An exception is content that you have uploaded for personal or family purposes.
Additional Information.
Permissions and Restrictions
Subject to this Agreement and applicable laws, you may access and use the Service as provided to you.
You may view or listen to Content for your personal, non-commercial use.
You can also show YouTube videos via the integrated YouTube player.
However, the use of the service is subject to certain restrictions.
The following is not permitted:
Access, reproduce, download, distribute, send, transmit, display, sell, license, modify, adapt or otherwise use any portion of the Service or the Content, except (a) in the manner and manner approved in service; or (b) with the prior consent of YouTube in text form and, where relevant, by the respective rights holders or (c) as permitted by applicable law.
Circumvent, disable, fraudulently use, or otherwise interfere with (including attempts to do so) the Service or any security-related features of the Service.
You may also not circumvent, disable, fraudulently use, or otherwise interfere with (including attempts to do so) any other functionality of the Service that (a) prevents or restricts the copying or other use of the Content, or (b) restrict the use of the Service or the Content.
Access the Service using automated means (e.g. robots, botnets or scrapers), except (a) through public search engines as set out in YouTube's Robots.txt file, (b) with the prior consent of YouTube in text form, or (c) to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Collect or use information that could identify an individual (e.g. collecting usernames or faces), unless that individual consents to this or is permitted under Section 3 above.
Use the Service to distribute unsolicited advertising or commercial content or other unwanted or unreasonable harassment (spam).
Produce or encourage erroneous measurements of actual user interactions with the Service.
This includes, for example, paying or otherwise incentivizing people to increase a video's views, likes, or dislikes, increase the number of subscribers to a channel, or otherwise manipulate metrics.
Abusing the reporting, complaint, dispute or objection process, for example by making unfounded, wanton or careless statements.
Conduct any contest on or through the Service that does not comply with YouTube's Contest Guidelines.
Use the Service to view or listen to content other than for personal, non-commercial use (such as a public performance of videos or streaming music).
Use the Service to (a) sell advertising or sponsorships placed on, around, or around the Service or its Content, except in accordance with YouTube Advertising Guidelines (such as compliance-compliant product placements); or (b) sell advertising or sponsorships on any page of a website or application that contains content derived exclusively from the Service or whose Content derived from the Service forms the primary basis for such sales (for example, selling advertisements on a web page hosting YouTube Videos are the only content with added value).
reservation
Any rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are retained by YouTube or their respective rights holders.
This means, for example, that by using the Service you do not acquire any copyright or intellectual property rights to the content you access.
This also applies to trademarks used or displayed on the Service.
Develop, improve and update the Service
YouTube continually changes and improves the service.
As part of the continuous development of our digital content and services, we may make adjustments or changes (to the entire service or to parts of the service).
For example, we add or remove new features, offer new digital content or services, or discontinue outdated content or services.
We may also change the Service for the following other reasons: to adapt to new technologies; to accommodate higher or lower user numbers for a particular product or service or feature; to adapt to important changes in licenses or partnerships with third parties; to prevent misuse or harm; to implement legal or official requirements or safety-related aspects.
In particular, we occasionally make legally required updates, i.e. H. Changes to keep our digital content, services and goods compliant with the law.
We make these updates to our digital content and services for security reasons and to ensure that they meet expected quality standards, such as the standards described in the “Legal Warranty” section.
We can automatically install updates that address serious security vulnerabilities.
For other updates, you can decide whether you want to install them.
Before we change or discontinue any part of the Service, we carefully consider the reasonableness of the changes, your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations and the potential impact on you and others.
We will only change or discontinue parts of the service for justified reasons.
If a change has a negative impact on your use of or access to the Service, we will notify you in advance by email within a reasonable period of time.
This email will include a description of the changes, the date on which they will be implemented, and a notice that you have the right to terminate your contract with us if the changes have more than a minor adverse effect.
Excepted are urgent cases in which the changes serve to prevent misuse or damage, to respond to legal requirements or to ensure the security and functionality of the services.
We also give you the option to export your content via Google Data Export in accordance with applicable laws and guidelines.
Your content and your behavior
Posting content
If you have a YouTube channel, you may be able to upload videos to our service.
You may use this content to promote your business or artistic activity.
If you upload content, you may not post any content through the Service that violates this Agreement or the law.
For example, the content you submit may not contain any third party intellectual property (such as copyrighted material) unless you have received permission from that party to do so or are otherwise legally permitted to do so.
You are legally responsible for the Content that you submit via the Service (including any available exceptions or limitations to copyright or related rights provided by European Union law).
This may use automated systems that analyze your content to help identify violations and abuse such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Rights Granted by You
You retain your copyright rights and all existing intellectual property rights to your content.
In short: what is yours remains yours.
However, it is necessary to grant YouTube and other users of the service certain rights described below.
License and YouTube
By posting Content to the Service, you grant YouTube and its affiliates (including, but not limited to, YouTube LLC, Google LLC and Google Commerce Limited) a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use (including hosting, publicly, and publicly) that Content Access, reproduction, distribution, modification, display and reproduction, in each case with respect for moral rights), exclusively for the purpose of providing and improving the service (including through the use of service providers) and only to the extent necessary for this purpose.
License to other users
You also grant any other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, free-of-charge right to access and use your Content (including copying, distributing, modifying, displaying and reproducing, subject to moral rights) as part of the Service. , to the extent this is necessary and enabled by functions of the service.
Term of the license
The term of the licenses you grant continues until the Content is removed as described below.
Once removed, the term of the licenses terminates unless you have permitted continued use of content after removal or the law requires otherwise.
For example, if you remove content, YouTube will not be obligated to (a) recall content used by other users as part of limited offline viewing of the service or (b) delete copies that we are required to retain for legal reasons.
Right to Monetization
You grant YouTube the right to monetize your content on the Service.
This monetization may include displaying ads on or as part of the content or charging users access fees.
This Agreement does not entitle you to make any payments.
Payments you receive from YouTube pursuant to another agreement between you and YouTube (e.g., through the YouTube Partner Program, channel memberships, or Super Chat) will be treated as royalties beginning June 1, 2021.
Where required by law, Google withholds taxes on these payments.
Removing your content
You can remove your content at any time.
You also have the option to make a copy of your content before removing it.
If you no longer have the rights required by these Terms of Use, you must remove your Content.
YouTube Removing Content
If there are objective and specific reasons to believe that your content (1) violates this Agreement or (2) may harm YouTube, our users or third parties, we reserve the right to remove such content in whole or in part.
We will notify you promptly and explain the reason for the action and provide you with an opportunity to remedy the violation or to cease the conduct, unless there are objective and specific reasons to believe that it (a) violates the law or orders of a law enforcement agency or would pose a significant risk of liability to YouTube or our affiliates, (b) would jeopardize an investigation or would significantly harm the integrity or operation of the Service, or (c) other users, third parties, YouTube or ours would cause significant harm to affiliated companies.
For more information about reporting content and policy enforcement, see the YouTube Help troubleshooting page.
You will also find instructions on how to lodge a complaint if you believe content has been removed in error.
If you lodge a complaint, we will consider your reasons for the complaint and review our decision.
Strikes for violating the Community Guidelines
YouTube applies a strike system to content that violates YouTube Community Guidelines.
Each warning leads to different restrictions up to and including the permanent removal of your channel from YouTube.
For a description of how strikes affect your channel, see the Community Guidelines Violation Strikes page.
If you believe a warning was issued in error, you can lodge a complaint here.
We will then take your reasons for the complaint into account and review our decision again.
If restrictions apply to your channel as a result of a strike, you may not use another channel to circumvent those restrictions.
Violation of this prohibition constitutes a serious breach of this Agreement.
In this case, Google reserves the right to terminate your Google Account or block your access to all or part of the Service.
Protection of copyrights
In the YouTube Copyright Policy, we provide information to help rights holders manage their intellectual property online.
If you believe that your copyright has been violated on the Service, please contact us.
We respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the procedures set out in our YouTube Copyright Policy.
You can also find information about how to remove a copyright strike.
YouTube's policy is to terminate, in appropriate cases, access to the Service for users who repeatedly infringe copyright.
Suspension and termination of accounts
Termination by you
You can stop using the service at any time.
You can also delete the service from your Google Account, which will result in the closure of your YouTube channel and the removal of your data.
It is possible that you copy and download your data beforehand.
Termination and blocking by YouTube
YouTube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Google Account or your access to all or part of the Service if (a) you materially or repeatedly violate this Agreement, (b) we are required to do so to comply with the law to comply with a request or court order, or (c) there are objective and specific reasons to believe that conduct is occurring that is harmful to or gives rise to liability for users, third parties, YouTube or our affiliates.
Notification of Termination or Suspension
We will inform you of the reason for the termination or blocking by YouTube and, to the extent that behavior that violates this agreement is the reason for the termination or blocking, we will give you the opportunity to remedy or remedy this violation, unless there are objective and specific reasons believing that doing so would (a) violate any law or order of a law enforcement agency, (b) jeopardize an investigation, (c) seriously harm the integrity, operation or security of the Service, or (d) other users, third parties , YouTube or our affiliates.
Effects of suspending or terminating an account
If your Google Account is terminated or your access to the Service is restricted, you may continue to use certain features of the Service (such as video playback) without an account.
This Agreement will continue to apply to such use.
If you believe that the announced termination or suspension is a mistake, you can lodge a complaint using this form.
We will then take your reasons for the complaint into account and review our decision again.
Software in our service
Downloadable software
If use of the Service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the YouTube Studio app), YouTube grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the software that YouTube makes available to you as part of the Service provided that such software is not subject to additional terms and conditions granting a license.
This license simply grants you permission to use the Service as provided by YouTube and to enjoy its benefits in accordance with this Agreement.
You may not reproduce, modify, distribute, sell or rent any portion of the Software.
Furthermore, you may not reverse engineer this software or attempt to extract its source code.
Exceptions only apply if such restrictions are not permitted by law or you have the written consent of YouTube
Open Source
Portions of the software used in our Service may be offered under an open source license.
An open source license may contain provisions that expressly override some provisions of these Terms of Use.
In this case, we make this open source license available to you.
Other legal provisions
Implied warranties
If you are a consumer resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) and have agreed to our Terms of Use, you are covered by a statutory warranty for the digital content or services we provide to you in accordance with consumer rights applicable in the EEA.
Under this warranty, we will be liable for any defect you discover, subject to the following conditions:
You discover the defect within two years of the one-time provision of digital content or services (e.g. purchase of a film).
You discover the defect at any time during the “ongoing” provision of digital content or services (e.g. a paid subscription).
Your country's laws may require an even longer warranty.
Your rights under such statutory warranties are not limited by any other commercial warranties we provide.
If you would like to make a claim, you can [contact us].
Assurance
We operate the Service with reasonable care and skill.
Disclaimer
The legislation prescribes certain rights for consumers that cannot be excluded or modified by contract.
Nothing in this Agreement affects the rights you have as a consumer.
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or as required by law (see the Legal Warranty section), YouTube makes no specific representations regarding the Service.
For example, we make no additional representations about the content provided through the Service, about the specific features of the Service or its accuracy, reliability, availability or suitability for your purposes, or about the content you submit on the Service are accessible or stored there.
Limitation of Liability
In the event of intent and gross negligence, including on the part of legal representatives and vicarious agents, you and YouTube are liable in accordance with the statutory provisions.
The same applies to culpably caused damage resulting from injury to life, body or health, to damage caused by the lack of guaranteed quality, as well as in the case of fraudulently concealed defects.
In the case of material and financial damage caused by you or YouTube, their legal representatives or vicarious agents due to slight negligence, liability is limited to cases of violation of an essential contractual obligation, but the amount is limited to the damage that was foreseeable at the time the contract was concluded and was typical for the contract.
Essential contractual obligations are those whose fulfillment makes the proper execution of a contract possible and on whose compliance the contracting parties can regularly rely.
Liability under the Product Liability Act remains unaffected.
Otherwise, liability on the part of you and YouTube is excluded.
This regulation does not represent a change in the burden of proof at the expense of service users.
Third Party Links
The Service may contain links to third-party websites and online services that are not owned or controlled by YouTube.
YouTube has no control over and is not responsible for such websites and online services.
Please exercise caution when leaving the service.
We recommend that you read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or online services that you visit.
this agreement
Changes to this Agreement
We reserve the right to make changes to this Agreement for the following reasons: (1) to reflect changes in our service or business operations, such as when we add new products or features or remove old products or features; (2) for legal, regulatory or security reasons; (3) to prevent misuse or damage.
If we make changes to this Agreement, we will provide you with at least 15 days' notice prior to the changes taking effect.
By informing you of the changes, we will provide you with the new version of the Agreement and inform you of the significant changes.
If you do not object before the changes come into effect, you will be deemed to have accepted the changed agreement.
We will explain the objection process in our notification.
You may refuse to accept the changes - in which case the changes will not apply to you.
However, we reserve the right to terminate our relationship with you provided all other conditions for termination are met.
Continuation of the Agreement
If your use of the Service is terminated, the following terms and conditions of this Agreement will continue to apply to you: "Other Legal Terms" and "This Agreement."
The rights you grant survive in certain cases described under “License Term.”
Severability clause
If any of the terms and conditions in this Agreement are found to be unenforceable, the remaining terms and conditions will remain unenforceable.
transmission
YouTube may assign all or part of this Agreement to an affiliate or, if YouTube is sold, to a third party.
No waiver
If you fail to comply with this Agreement but we do not take action immediately, this does not mean that we are waiving our rights entirely (such as the right to take future actions).
Applicable Law
If you have your habitual residence in Germany, this Agreement and your relationship with YouTube under this Agreement are governed by German law, excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Legal proceedings may be brought in your local courts, which have jurisdiction under the law.
This choice of law does not make any statement as to the law applicable to the Service itself.
Cancellation in accordance with applicable law in the European Economic Area (EEA)
If you are a consumer resident in the European Economic Area (EEA), under the consumer laws applicable in the EEA, from May 28, 2022, you have the right to withdraw from this contract as described in the EU Model Cancellation Form below.
Right of withdrawal
You have the right to cancel this contract within 14 days without giving reasons.
The cancellation period is 14 days from the day the contract is concluded.
In order to exercise your right of withdrawal, you must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract by means of a clear statement (e.g. letter sent by post or email).
This is possible by email at account-withdrawal@google.com, by telephone at +35 31800832663 (below you will find a list of country-specific telephone numbers); or by post to Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
You can use the attached sample cancellation form, although this is not mandatory.
You can also fill out and submit the sample withdrawal form or another clear declaration electronically on our website (g.co/EEAWithdrawalForm).
If you use this option, we will immediately send you a confirmation of receipt of such a revocation via a permanent medium, e.g. B. by email.
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient if you send the notification regarding the exercise of the right of cancellation before the end of the cancellation period.
Consequences of revocation
If you cancel this contract, we must refund you any payments we have received from you.
This must be done immediately and at the latest within 14 days from the day on which we received notification of your cancellation of this contract.
These payments also include the delivery costs (except for the additional costs resulting from your choosing a method of delivery other than the cheapest standard delivery offered by us).
The refund will be made using the same payment method you used for the original transaction, unless you have expressly agreed to a different method.
In no event will you be charged any fees for any such refund.
Sample cancellation form
(If you want to cancel the contract, please fill out this form and send it back).
— An __Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, [account-withdrawal@google.com]__:
— I hereby revoke the contract I concluded for the provision of the following service __________________________________________
- Ordered on _____________________________
— Name of the consumer _______________________
— Consumer’s address _____________________
— Signature of the consumer (only for paper notification) ___________________
— Datum _______________
Google contact details for a revocation
Country Telephone number
Austria 0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria 0800-14-744
Czech Republic 800-720-070
Cyprus 800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Denmark 80-400-111
Estonia 800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Deutschland                 0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Island                           800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italy 800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein               800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxemburg                  800-40005
Malta                           800-62-257
Netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 0800-410-575
Portugal                      808-203-430
Romania 0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia 080-688-882
Spain 0900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
Valid from January 5, 2022 (view previous version)
