ZOOM TERMS OF USE
VALID FROM: April 13, 2022
IMPORTANT, READ CAREFULLY: YOUR USE OF THE ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND RELATED SOFTWARE (COLLECTIVELY “SERVICES”).
AND ITS AFFILIATES (“ZOOM”) ARE CONDITIONED ON YOUR COMPLYING WITH AND ACCEPTING THESE TERMS.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING.
BY CLICKING/SELECTING THE “I AGREE” BUTTON/BOX, ACCESSING THE ZOOM WEBSITE OR USING THE ZOOM SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE AND ALL ANNEXES, ORDER FORMS AND INCORPORATED POLICIES (THE “AGREEMENT”) OR THE “TERMS OF USE”).
THE ZOOM SERVICES ARE NOT AVAILABLE TO PERSONS WHO CANNOT LEGALLY BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
Zoom provides the Services and you may access and use the Services, both in accordance with this Agreement.
Zoom may provide services listed herein through its affiliates.
If you order Services through an online registration page or order form (each an “Order Form”), the Order Form may contain additional terms and information regarding the Services you have ordered.
Unless otherwise expressly set forth in such Additional Terms applicable to the Services you select, such Additional Terms are incorporated into this Agreement with respect to your use of that Service.
System requirements.
Use of the Services requires one or more compatible devices, Internet access (fees may apply), and certain software (fees may apply), and occasional updates or upgrades may be required.
Because use of the Services requires hardware, software and Internet access, your ability to access and use the Services may be affected by the performance of these factors.
High-speed internet access is recommended.
You acknowledge and agree that such system requirements, which may be changed from time to time, are your responsibility.
THE DEFINITION.
The following definitions apply to this Agreement and a reference to the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa.
Service-specific definitions are included in the description of the services at https://explore.zoom.us/de/services-description/.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a Party, a legal entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Party.
For purposes of this Agreement, “control” means an economic interest or voting interest of at least fifty percent (50%) or, in the absence of such economic interest or voting interest, the power to direct or cause to be directed the affairs of the management and the to establish policies of that legal entity.
“End User” means a Host or a Subscriber (as defined in the Service Description) using the Services.
“Initial Subscription Period” means the initial subscription period for a Service as specified in an Order Form.
“Service Start Date” means the date on which the first subscription period begins, as specified in an Order Form.
“Renewal Term” means the renewal term of a subscription to a Service beginning after the Initial Subscription Term or such other renewal term as specified in an Order Form.
“Taxes and Fees” and “Taxes or Charges” means any applicable sales, use, environmental or purpose taxes, value-added taxes, fees, duties (including customs duties), costs, surcharges or assessments applicable to the provision of Services to Customer (except for the income tax imposed on Zoom).
“VAT” means any VAT or any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a Member State of the European Union as a substitute for or in addition to that tax or levied elsewhere, a goods and services tax, PIS/COFINS, a similar indirect tax or an equivalent tax in connection with or otherwise in relation to the services provided by Zoom to the Customer.
“Your Information” means information provided to Zoom to enable Zoom to comply with the terms of the Agreement and provide access to the Services (e.g. company name, billing address, tax identification number, VAT registration number, contact name and contact details) .
You are solely responsible for the accuracy of your information and Zoom assumes no liability for errors or omissions in your information.
SERVICES.
Zoom will provide the Services described in the Order Form as well as standard updates to the Services that will be made generally available by Zoom during the Term.
Zoom may from time to time discontinue the Services or change features of the Services in its sole discretion and without notice.
Beta Services.
Zoom may sometimes offer access to services that are classified as beta versions.
Access to and use of Beta Versions may be subject to additional agreements.
Zoom does not guarantee that a beta version will ever be made generally available and reserves the right to modify or discontinue a beta version at any time without notice.
Beta versions are provided AS IS, may contain bugs, errors or other defects, and your use of a beta version is at your own risk.
USE OF SERVICES AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES.
You may use the Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You are solely responsible for your and your End User's use of the Services and shall comply with and ensure compliance with all laws applicable to your and each End User's use of the Services, including, but not limited to, record keeping laws. intellectual property, data protection and export control.
The use of the services is subject to valid national approval.
Registration Information.
In order to register for and/or use certain services, you may be required to provide information about yourself.
You represent that such information is true and accurate.
You may also be asked to set a username and password.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your username and password and agree not to disclose them to any third party.
Your content.
You agree that you are solely responsible for the content (“Content”) transmitted, displayed or uploaded through your use of the Services and that you are also solely responsible for compliance with all laws regarding the Content, including, but not limited to, laws requiring you to obtain the consent of third parties to use the Content and to provide such third parties with reasonable notice of their rights.
You represent and warrant that you have the right to upload the Content to Zoom and that doing so will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
Under no circumstances will Zoom be liable in any way for (a) any content transmitted or viewed while using the Services, (b) any errors or omissions in the Content, or (c) any loss or damage of any kind arising from the use of, access to or denial of access to content.
Although Zoom is not responsible for any Content, Zoom may remove any Content at any time without notice if Zoom determines that it violates any provision of this Agreement or any law.
You retain copyright and any other rights you may already have in the Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services.
Records.
You are responsible for compliance with all record keeping laws.
The host may choose to record Zoom meetings and Zoom webinars.
By using the Services, you consent to Zoom storing recordings for any or all Zoom meetings or webinars in which you participate, provided that such recordings are stored in our systems.
You will receive a notification (visual or otherwise) when recording is enabled.
If you do not agree to be recorded, you can choose to leave the meeting or webinar.
Prohibited Use.
You agree that you will not use the Services to do, and will not allow any other end user to do, any of the following: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works from the source code of the Services reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to gain access to it; (ii) intentionally or negligently use the Services in a manner that abuses, interferes with, or disrupts Zoom's networks, your account, or the Services; (iii) engage in any illegal, fraudulent, false or misleading activity; (iv) transmit through the Services any material that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party; (v) develop a competitive or benchmark product or copy any features, functions or graphics of the Services or (vi) use the Services to transmit messages or materials that harass, defame, threaten, obscene or immoral others , would infringe any third party's intellectual property rights or would be otherwise unlawful, which would give rise to civil liability or which would constitute or encourage a criminal offense under any applicable law or regulation; (vii) upload or transmit any software, content or code that in any way damages, disrupts, impairs or negatively affects the provision of the Services or the information or data of other hardware, software or networks of Zoom or other users damage or extract or intend to damage or extract from the Services; (viii) engage in any activity or use the Services in a manner that could damage, disrupt, overburden, disrupt or otherwise interfere with or harm the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services or Zoom's security systems; (ix) use the Services contrary to the terms of any Zoom Acceptable Use Policy or in a manner that violates applicable laws, including, without limitation, anti-spam laws, export control, privacy and counterterrorism laws, and ordinances and regulations , which require the consent of those making the audio and video recordings, and you agree that you are solely responsible for compliance with such laws and regulations.
Usage Restrictions.
You may not reproduce, resell or distribute the Services or any reports or data generated by the Services for any purpose whatsoever unless you have been permitted to do so under a separate agreement with Zoom.
You are prohibited from offering or allowing any third party to use the Services you have purchased, publishing the Services or any content obtained from a Service (other than Content you have created) on a website or otherwise otherwise generate income through the Services or use the Services to develop, produce or market a service or product that is substantially similar to the Services.
RESPONSIBILITY FOR END USERS.
You are responsible for the actions of all end users who access or use the Services through your account, and you agree to ensure that such end users comply with the terms of this Agreement and Zoom's policies.
Zoom assumes no responsibility or liability for any violations.
If you become aware of any violation of this Agreement related to any person's use of the Services, please contact Zoom at trust@zoom.us.
Zoom may investigate complaints and violations brought to its attention and take (or refrain from taking) appropriate action at its sole discretion, including, without limitation, issuing warnings, deleting the content, or terminating accounts and/or user profiles.
Under no circumstances will Zoom be liable in any way for any data or other content displayed while using the Services, including, without limitation, any errors or omissions in such data or content, or any loss or damage of any kind arising from the use of, access to or denial of access to data or content.
ZOOM’S OBLIGATIONS REGARDING CONTENT.
Zoom maintains appropriate physical and technical security measures consistent with industry standards to prevent unauthorized disclosure of or access to the Content.
Zoom will notify you if Zoom becomes aware of unauthorized access to content.
Zoom may not access, view, or process any Content except (a) as provided in this Agreement and Zoom's Privacy Policy; (b) to the extent authorized or directed by you, (c) to the extent necessary to perform your obligations under this Agreement, or (d) as required by law.
Zoom has no other obligations with respect to Content.
AUTHORIZATION.
You represent that you are at least 16 years of age and are otherwise fully able and authorized to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, consents, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and to abide by and respect this Agreement.
Your access may be terminated without notice if we believe that you are under 16 years of age or are otherwise ineligible.
INTENDED USE, RESTRICTED USE ON CHILDREN.
The Services are intended for business use.
Subject to the terms and limitations of this Agreement, you may use the Services for other purposes.
Zoom is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16, except through a School Subscriber (with the meaning defined in the Description of Services) using Zoom for Education (for grades up to grade 13).
COSTS AND CANCELLATION.
You agree that Zoom may charge your credit card or other payment method selected by you and approved by Zoom (“Your Account”) for all amounts due and owing for the Services.
All payments you make to us under this Agreement are free from any withholding or deduction as permitted by law.
If such withholding or deduction (including, without limitation, withholding tax for domestic or cross-border payments) is required for a payment, you will pay the additional amount necessary so that the net amount received by us equals the amount due under this Agreement and is payable.
We will provide you with reasonably requested tax forms to reduce or eliminate any withholding or deduction for taxes with respect to payments made under this Agreement.
Zoom may change prices at any time, including changing a free service to a paid service and charging for services previously offered free of charge, provided that Zoom notifies you in advance and gives you the opportunity to cancel your account Zoom changes the price for a service you subscribe to.
Zoom will only charge you for services previously offered free of charge if you have been informed of the relevant fees and have agreed to pay these fees.
You agree that Zoom may take all necessary steps to collect such fees from you and that you will be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by Zoom in connection with the collection efforts, including, if Zoom, collection fees, court costs and attorneys' fees is unable to collect fees owed to Zoom for the Services from your account.
In addition, you agree that Zoom may charge interest on any unpaid amounts due at the lower of two alternatives: 1.5% per month or the maximum amount permitted by law.
You can cancel your subscription at any time.
Upon cancellation, you will not be charged for additional terms and conditions and the Service will continue to be delivered until the end of the current subscription period.
If you cancel, you will not receive any compensation for a service you have already paid for.
STEER.
Unless otherwise stated, all prices and fees listed by Zoom exclude taxes and regulatory fees, service fees, setup fees, subscription fees, or any other fees and charges associated with your account.
If applicable, taxes and regulatory fees will be reflected on invoices issued by Zoom in accordance with local laws and regulations.
Zoom calculates the amount of taxes due at its sole discretion.
Taxes and regulatory fees charged are subject to change without notice.
VAT invoices.
If required by law, Zoom will issue you a VAT invoice or a document that will be treated as a VAT invoice by the relevant tax authority.
You accept that this invoice can be issued electronically.
Tax exemptions.
If you are exempt from taxes or fees, you will provide Zoom with all appropriate tax exemption certificates and/or other documentation demonstrating such exempt status to the satisfaction of applicable tax authorities.
Zoom reserves the right to review and validate tax exemption documentation.
In the event that the tax exemption documentation is not valid, Zoom reserves the right to charge you the applicable taxes.
Payment of Fees and Taxes.
You will pay Zoom all applicable taxes and fees.
You are solely responsible for paying any taxes and fees you owe as a result of Zoom's provision of the Services.
If you are obligated to pay taxes and fees, you will pay such amounts, without reduction or set-off, in an amount payable to Zoom under this Agreement and you will pay and assume such additional amount as is necessary for Zoom receives the full amount of payment required as if no such reduction or set-off were required.
VAT owed by the customer.
In the event that taxes and fees become due to tax authorities through reverse charge or other similar mechanism for you to pay instead of Zoom, you will provide Zoom with all appropriate evidence of the nature of your business, such as: B. a valid VAT identification number (or similar information required under relevant VAT laws).
Zoom reserves the right to verify and validate your VAT identification number.
In the event that the VAT identification number is not valid, Zoom reserves the right to still charge you the applicable VAT.
For the avoidance of doubt, if you owe VAT to a taxing authority under reverse chargeability or a similar mechanism, you are solely responsible for paying such amounts to the relevant taxing authority so that Zoom receives the full required payment amount.
Tax assessment.
The tax assessment is based primarily on the location where the customer established his business based on the customer data or, for individuals, on the location where that person has his or her permanent residence.
This is defined by Zoom as your “billing address”.
Zoom reserves the right to compare this location with other available evidence to verify that your location information is accurate.
In the event that your location information is incorrect, Zoom reserves the right to charge you for any outstanding taxes and fees.
Use and rights of use.
If you purchase Zoom Services and such Services are used and exploited by one of your Affiliates in a country other than your location in accordance with Section 9(e) of these Terms of Use, you acknowledge that you will treat this as delivery to your Affiliate, if necessary .
In the event that you purchase Services and such Services are used and evaluated by an office or individual located in a country other than your location in accordance with Section 9(e) of these Terms of Use, you acknowledge that you will inform Zoom of the assigned Services and acknowledge that Zoom reserves the right to impose taxes and fees based on the use and evaluation of these services.
TERMINATION.
Zoom's website contains information on how to cancel your account.
If you have purchased a Service for a specific period, such termination will be effective on the last day of the then-current term.
Your Order Form may provide that a Renewal Term will automatically begin unless either party provides notice of termination to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the start of the next Renewal Term.
If you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement, Zoom may terminate this Agreement immediately and retain all Fees previously paid by you.
Sections 1 and 3 through 22, inclusive, will survive any termination of this Agreement.
Upon termination of this Agreement, you must cease all further use of the Services.
If at any time you are dissatisfied with the Services, your sole remedy is to stop using the Services and begin this termination procedure.
OWNERSHIP RIGHTS.
Zoom and/or its suppliers, as applicable, retain all proprietary rights in the Services and in all trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos and domain names (“Zoom Marks”) associated with or displayed in the Services.
You may not frame Zoom trademarks or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layouts or forms) without express written permission.
You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Zoom Marks without express written permission.
CONFIDENTIALITY.
The parties agree to disclose all non-public information provided by the other party relating to the other party's business, systems, operations, strategic plans, customers, pricing (including, without limitation, the pricing terms contained herein), methods , processes, financial data, programs and/or products made available to the other party in any form that are marked “confidential” or that should reasonably be construed as confidential (herein “Confidential Information”) .
For purposes of the Agreement, your Confidential Information includes your data and any information you provide to Zoom relating to its business, systems, operations, strategic plans, customers, pricing, methods, processes, financial data, programs and /or disclose your products.
The parties agree to limit their disclosure of each other's confidential information to as few people as possible and only to people with a need to know; these persons must be personnel of the party or its subsidiaries and must be subject to an obligation of confidentiality.
Except as necessary to fulfill their respective obligations under the Agreement, neither party may disclose the other party's confidential information to any person, firm or entity without first obtaining the other party's prior written consent, unless this is the case expressly permitted herein; The confidential information of the other party may not be used for your own benefit or for the benefit of a third party.
Exclusions.
“Confidential Information” does not include any content or information that (a) is already lawfully known to a party at the time it is obtained from the other party, free from any obligation to keep such information confidential; (b) not become publicly known or accessible through any unlawful act of a party; (c) lawfully received from a third party without restriction and without breach of these Terms of Use; or (d) developed by either party without the use of any proprietary, non-public information provided by the other party under the Agreement.
Exception.
Either party may disclose Confidential Information if required to do so by law, regulation or court order, provided, however, that the party subject to such law, regulation or court order shall inform the other party, to the extent permitted, prior to such disclosure use or request so that they have the opportunity to request a protective order to prevent or limit the disclosure of the information to third parties.
Confidentiality period and confidentiality obligation.
The confidentiality obligations set forth in this section of the Terms of Use will remain in effect for a period of five (5) years from the date the information is disclosed.
Both parties agree to (a) take reasonable steps to protect the other party's Confidential Information, and such steps must provide at least as much protection as the measures the receiving party takes to protect its own Confidential Information, and no less than a due level of care; (b) promptly notify the disclosing party if any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information is discovered; and (c) in the event of an unauthorized disclosure by a receiving party, cooperate with the disclosing party to regain control of the Confidential Information and prevent further unauthorized use or disclosure of such information.
COPYRIGHT.
You may not publish, modify, distribute or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks or information protected by other publicity or proprietary rights without the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.
Zoom may deny access to the Services to any user who is alleged to infringe another party's copyright.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe your copyright has been violated, please notify Zoom in the manner provided herein.
EXPORT RESTRICTIONSYou acknowledge that the Services or any portion thereof is subject to the United States Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Parts 730-774 and may be subject to other applicable export control and trade sanctions laws of other countries (“Export Control and Trade Sanctions Laws”).
Zoom will provide the U.S. export classification(s) applicable to its Services upon request.
You and your end users may not, directly or indirectly, access, use, export, re-export, divert, transfer, or disclose any portion of the Services or any related technical information or materials in violation of export control and trade sanctions laws.
You represent and warrant that (i) you and your End Users (a) are not citizens of, or located in, any country or territory subject to United States trade sanctions or other material trade restrictions (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimean, Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine) and that you and your end users will not access or use the Services in these countries and territories and will not export or re-export the Services to these countries or territories , redirect or transfer; (b) is not listed on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, nor is 50% or more owned, individually or in the aggregate, by any person listed therein; and (c) is not listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List, Entity List, or Unverified List or any U.S. Department of State proliferation-sensitive lists; (ii) you and your end users located in China, Russia or Venezuela are not military end users and Zoom's Services are not used as described in 15 C.F.R. 744.21 will have a military end use as defined in Section 744.21; (iii) that no Content created or sent by you or your End Users will be subject to any restrictions on publication, transmission, downloading, export or re-export under any export control or sanctions laws; and (iv) you and your End Users will not take any action that would violate, or be punishable by, U.S. anti-boycott laws administered by the U.S. Departments of Commerce or the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
You are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with export control and sanctions laws and monitoring for changes.
NO USE WITH HIGH RISK POTENTIAL.
The Services are not designed or licensed for use in hazardous environments that require fail-safe controls.
This includes in particular the following: operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic or flight communication systems, air traffic control systems and life support or weapons systems.
The Services may not be used for or in HIGH RISK POTENTIAL environments.
CLAIM FOR INjunctive relief.
You acknowledge that any use of the Services contrary to this Agreement or any transfer, sublicense, copying or disclosure of technical information or materials related to the Services will cause irreparable harm to Zoom, its affiliates, suppliers and other parties authorized by Zoom to resell, distribute or promote the Services (“Resellers”), and that in such circumstances, Zoom, its affiliates, suppliers and resellers will be entitled to equitable remedies without posting any security, including but not limited to , provisional and permanent injunctive relief.
NO WARRANTY.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND THAT ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
Zoom, its subsidiaries, suppliers and resellers do not issue any assurances or guarantees in relation to the results that are achieved from the use of the services, or with regard to the accuracy or reliability of information related to the services, or in relation to this THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET USERS' REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED.
USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE OBTAINING ANY MATERIALS AND/OR DATA THROUGH THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.
YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES.
YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING FROM THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES.
ZOOM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE STORAGE OF USER DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN USERS.
ZOOM CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES.
USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to indemnify and hold Zoom, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and resellers harmless from any claims, liabilities, damages and/or costs (including but not limited to legal fees) of any third party arising out of Your use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or any breach or violation by you or any other user of your account of any intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS). N, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF THEY ARE TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, INTELLIGENCE). LEAVED ACTION OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN ANY EVENT, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ZOOM, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TWELVE (12) PAID FOR THE SERVICES (IF APPLICABLE) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM.
Because some states and jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, the above limitations may not apply to you.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT; CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
If you are located in the United States of America, you agree to resolve disputes only on an individual basis through arbitration in accordance with the provisions of Appendix A. The parties expressly waive any right to any action, suit or proceeding thereunder a class or consolidated action, a private public interest action, or any other proceeding in which a party acts or proposes to act as a representative.
PRIVACY AND OTHER POLICIES.
Use of the Services is also subject to Zoom's Privacy Policy; a link can be found under “Privacy Policy and Legal Terms” in the footer of Zoom’s website.
The Privacy Policy and all policies listed at https://zoom.us/de-de/privacy-and-legal.html are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
Furthermore, if your use of the Services requires Zoom to process personal data (“PBD” or “personal data”), Zoom will always do so in accordance with Zoom’s Global Data Processing Annex https://zoom.us /docs/doc/Zoom_GLOBAL_DPA.pdf, which forms part of these Terms of Use.
You also acknowledge and agree that Zoom may contact you by email or otherwise with information relevant to your use of the Services, regardless of whether you have indicated that you would not like to receive marketing communications or would like to receive notifications.
MISCELLANEOUS
Applicable law and place of jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America, to the extent such laws are applied to agreements made within California between California residents.
Except as provided in Appendix A, the parties agree that exclusive jurisdiction and venue shall reside in the appropriate state courts in Santa Clara County, California and the federal courts in the Northern District of California.
Client.
In the event that your Zoom account has a “Billed to”/“Sold to” address in India, the purchaser is subject to these Terms of Use ZVC India Pvt.
Ltd.,
a Zoom affiliated company.
Waiver and Severability Clause.
The failure or failure of the parties at any time to exercise any rights under this Agreement or to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or the ability to enforce such provision.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then such provision will be modified to most closely approximate the intent and economic purpose of the original provision, while the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and retain effectiveness.
General Provisions.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings and agreements of the parties with respect to such subject matter, unless a separate written agreement or order form has been executed by you or your company , which refers to a separate agreement governing your use of the Services.
In such event, if any provision of such agreement conflicts with the provisions of this Agreement, then the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.
Zoom may, at its sole discretion, modify or supplement the terms of this Agreement from time to time.
Zoom will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of any material changes to this Agreement.
You will be bound by them within ten (10) business days of the posting of changes to this Agreement (or ten (10) business days of the date of notice, if any).
If you do not agree to the changes, you should stop using the Services.
If you continue to use the Services after such ten business day period, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes to the terms of this Agreement.
In order to participate in certain Services, you may be required to download software and/or agree to additional terms and conditions.
Unless otherwise expressly provided in such Additional Terms, such Additional Terms are incorporated into this Agreement.
This Agreement has been written in the English language and such version will control in all respects.
Any other language versions of this Agreement are for convenience purposes only.
Appendix A
Binding Arbitration
This Exhibit A to the Terms of Use describes the additional terms and conditions applicable to binding arbitration and class action waiver.
Disputes.
A Dispute is a disagreement between you and Zoom regarding the Services, any software associated with the Services, the price of the Services, your account, advertising or communications through Zoom, your purchase process or billing, or any provision of this Agreement any legal theory, including contract, warranty, tort, statute or regulation.
This does not govern any disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of your or Zoom's intellectual property rights.
As part of efforts to resolve any dispute amicably and prior to initiating arbitration, each party agrees to provide notice to the other party of such dispute, including a description of the dispute, the measures taken to resolve it, and a proposal from the party submitting the dispute.
This notice should be addressed to legal@zoom.us.
Court proceedings possible for small claims cases.
You may file a small claims action in your local court if the court's requirements are met.
However, if a claim is referred, dismissed, or appealed to another court, Zoom reserves the right to seek arbitration.
Arbitration.
Disputes that cannot be resolved in accordance with Sections A or B will be resolved by arbitration.
The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will conduct arbitration under the Commercial Arbitration Rules.
For more information, visit www.adr.org.
The arbitration hearings will take place in the judicial district in which your principal place of business is located.
A single referee will be appointed.
The arbitrator must: (a) respect all applicable principles of substantive law; (b) comply with applicable statutes of limitations; (c) respect valid eligibility claims; (d) prepare a written award containing the reasons for that award.
The arbitrator may award damages, declare declaratory or injunctive relief, and award costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees).
Any arbitration award may be enforced (such as by judgment) by any court of competent jurisdiction.
Under the AAA's rules, the arbitrator shall have discretion within his or her jurisdiction, including over the arbitrability of a claim.
However, only a court can preclude arbitration on a class action basis or on a representative basis.
Costs of Arbitration Proceedings.
If you are unable to pay the costs of arbitration, Zoom will pay the costs to you.
It will be subject to the arbitrator's decision whether the amounts should be returned to Zoom if the proceeding is decided in Zoom's favor.
For Disputes involving an amount greater than $75,000, payment of litigation fees and fees and expenses to the AAA and the arbitrator will be governed by the AAA's rules.
Contradiction with AAA rules.
If there is any conflict between this Agreement and the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules, this Agreement will control.
Requirement of assertion within one year.
Notwithstanding any other statute of limitations, any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement must be brought in small claims court or arbitration within one year from the time when it could have first been brought.
Otherwise, this claim is considered time-barred.
Severability clause.
If all or any part of this class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable, such portions will be decided not by arbitration but by a regular court, with the remaining provisions being decided by arbitration.
If any provision of this Appendix A is determined to be unlawful or unenforceable, that provision will be removed.
The remaining provisions shall remain in effect and shall be construed to reflect as closely as possible the original intent of this appendix, including the severed provision.
