Terms of Use
Valid from October 7, 2020
As of October 7, 2020
IMPORTANT NOTE: FOR US AND CANADA PLAYERS, DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND ZYNGA MUST BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON A CASE-BY-CASE BASIS, UNLESS ANY EXCEPTION APPLIES.
Please see Section 15 (Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver) for more information.
Zynga wants to bring the world together through gaming.
We provide fun, community-focused entertainment experiences to people around the world.
Please read these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy before using Zynga Services.
These Terms of Use set forth the applicable terms and conditions relating to the use of our Services (described below).
By using our Services, you imply your acceptance of these Terms.
If you do not agree to all of the provisions of the Terms of Service, you may not use our Services.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, use, disclose and otherwise process your personal information while providing our Services to you, and the Policy describes your rights and other choices regarding your information.
By using our Services, you acknowledge our applicable Privacy Policy.
If you do not want Zynga to collect, store or share information about you in accordance with the Privacy Policy, you must not use our Services.
The terms “Zynga,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in these Terms of Use refer to Zynga Inc. and the Zynga family of companies.
Zynga Inc. is located at 699 8th Street, San Francisco, California 94103. In all cases, “Zynga”, “we” or “us” includes agents, consultants, employees, officers and directors.
1. THE DEFINITION
“Account” means the account you create when you access the Services.
“Community Rules” are the rules of conduct that govern your interactions with our Services and other players and can be found here.
“Feature Terms of Service” means any other rules for specific services such as platforms and APIs, mobile applications, forums, contests, subscriptions or loyalty programs that we publish that are applicable to your use of those specific services and specify that they are part of these terms of use.
“Offers” means special programs, including special offers, excursions and special gifts, both digital and physical, that Zynga may offer from time to time to certain Eligible Players.
“Services” means our games, products, services, content, Zynga.com and/or other domains or websites operated by Zynga.
“Terms of Use” means these Terms of Use.
“User Content” means any data that you upload, transmit, create or generate on or through the Services.
This includes, for example, your profile picture, your in-game text messages or video chats, as well as your in-game artwork or other content written or designed by you.
“Virtual Items” means (a) virtual currency, including virtual coins, cash, tokens or points for use within the Services and (b) virtual in-game items.
The “Zynga family of companies” includes Zynga's subsidiaries, parents, joint ventures and other jointly owned legal entities, and their agents, consultants, employees and directors.
“Zynga Partners” means the Zynga family of companies and the third party content providers, distributors, licensees and grantors of the Zynga family of companies.
2. CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, edit, and add or remove portions of the Terms of Use, Community Rules, or Feature Terms of Use by posting the revised Terms of Use, Community Rules, or Feature Terms of Use on or within our Sites of the Services (such as through notices in the game).
We may provide separate notice of material changes via email or messages within the Services.
Unless otherwise stated by us, changes are effective from the moment they are posted.
New versions of the Terms of Use, Community Rules and Feature Terms of Use, and other rules, regulations or guidelines will be available at www.zynga.com or within the Services.
If you continue to use the Services after changes are posted, you agree that the changes will apply to your continued use of the Services.
You may not make any changes to the Terms of Use, Community Rules, or Feature Terms of Use unless a written amendment is signed by both you and Zynga.
If there is a dispute between you and Zynga, the version of the Terms of Use, Community Rules and Feature Terms of Use in effect at the time such dispute is notified to Zynga will apply.
In the event of a conflict between any term or information contained in the Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy and any other terms or rules of Zynga, these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy will control.
3. ACCOUNT DETAILS AND SECURITY
To use our Services, we may ask you to create an account and choose a password and/or provide us with certain personal information.
This may include your name, date of birth, email address and, in certain cases, payment details.
This information will be retained and used in accordance with the terms of Zynga's Privacy Policy.
You agree to provide Zynga with accurate, complete and current information, including but not limited to your email address.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account.
Do not share your account information with anyone or allow any third party to use or access your account.
All actions taken through your account will be considered as having been carried out by you.
You are therefore responsible for all actions taken using your account, regardless of whether they are authorized by you.
This includes purchases made using a payment instrument (such as a credit card or PayPal) and you hereby acknowledge that you will be held liable for any losses incurred by us or other players on our Services resulting from the use of your account by a third party can become.
If you become aware of or suspect any loss, theft, fraud, or unauthorized use of your account or account password, please notify us immediately.
4. USE OF OUR SERVICES
Who can use our Services: We're happy that you want to play our games, but there are restrictions on who can use our Services.
You may not use our Services if any of the following apply:
You are not able to enter into a binding contract with Zynga.
You are under 13 years of age (or under 16 if you reside in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) - in which case you may not create an account, use any of our Services, or transmit any personal information through the Services or to Zynga ( for example, your name, address, telephone number or email address).
This limitation does not apply if a Zynga Service has an age verification system that collects age information before a user can proceed, and that age verification system allows users who declare their age to be under 13 years of age (or under 16 in the EEA), to use the service. (
As described in our Privacy Policy, we either provide a version of this Service that does not collect, use or disclose personal information, except as required by applicable privacy law, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, or we require legal parental consent .)
You are not authorized to obtain products, including services or software, from the United States - for example, if you live in a country embargoed by the United States or on the U.S. list of Specially Designated Nationals. Ministry of Finance.
You are a convicted sex offender.
You have previously been banned from a Zynga service or banned from playing a Zynga game, unless Zynga has removed that ban in its sole discretion.
If you are under 18 years of age or under the age of majority in your country of residence, you acknowledge that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms of Use.
Additional essential rules and regulations:
When using our Services, you must comply with Zynga's Community Rules and any applicable Feature Terms of Service.
These additional rules and regulations are in addition to and are material to these Terms of Use.
Please read it.
If you access the Services via a social network such as Facebook or download the Services via a platform such as Apple or Google, in addition to these Terms of Use, you must also comply with the terms of use of the relevant third party provider.
Access to our services:
In order to access or play our games or create an account with us, you may be required to have a social network account such as Facebook.
In the case of our mobile services, this may be an account with the company that provides your mobile applications, such as an Apple iTunes account.
From time to time, it may be necessary to update third-party software in order to receive the Services and play Zynga's games.
We provide the games and other services.
You provide the device (computer, mobile phone, tablet, etc.) and are responsible for all costs associated with connection to the Internet and app stores and cellular data transfer to connect to and use the Services.
Service Changes and Limitations:
Our Services are continually evolving, and we may request your consent to any changes to the Services, as well as Zynga's Terms of Service, Community Rules, Feature Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy.
From time to time you may be required to update the game or the software you are using in order to continue using our Services.
We may make such updates remotely, including to the Zynga Software on the computer or mobile device you are using, without notifying you.
Zynga reserves the right to discontinue offering and/or supporting the Services, any particular game or portion of the Services, either permanently or temporarily, at any time.
In such event, your right to use the Services or any portion thereof will automatically be terminated or suspended.
If this occurs, Zynga will have no obligation to provide you with any refund, discounts or other compensation for any discontinued portion of the Services or any Virtual Items previously earned or purchased, unless otherwise provided by applicable law.
ZYNGA MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, RESTRICT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES/ ANY PART OF THE SERVICES, PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES AND THE RELATED CONTENT, SERVICES AND TOOLS OR DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT.
IN SUCH CASE, ZYNGA SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE COMPENSATION FOR ANY LOSS OR IMPACT.
This does not apply to users residing in the EEA.
If you are located in the EEA, we will endeavor to provide you with at least one month's notice of any material changes before they take effect and if you do not agree to such changes, you may not use our Services in accordance with these Terms of Use quit.
Deleting your account:
You may discontinue your use of our Services at any time and have the right to request that we delete your account at any time by following the instructions contained in our Privacy Policy.
Except where applicable law requires otherwise, we will have no obligation to provide any refund, concession or other compensation if you request deletion of your account.
5. PROPERTY; LIMITED LICENSE
Games and Services:
The Services are comprised of works owned or licensed by the Zynga family of companies and are subject to copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and worldwide intellectual property and other applicable laws and regulations. protected by relevant laws.
All relevant rights are reserved.
These Terms of Use do not give you or any other party any right, title or interest in or to the Services or any component of the Services.
As long as you comply with these Terms of Use and other rules, including the Community Rules and Feature Terms of Use, you may use the Services subject to these Terms of Use for your own non-business entertainment purposes.
You agree not to use the Services for any other purpose and you agree that Zynga will have no liability to you for any damages or losses resulting from any unauthorized use.
If you violate these Terms of Use or any of our other terms and conditions that apply to you, we may take action against you.
These include termination of your account.
Furthermore, your actions may prove unlawful, including violations of or violations of Zynga's intellectual property rights.
ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO INTERRUPTE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING INCLUDING UNDERMINE OR MANIPULATION OF THE PROPER OPERATION OF A ZYNGA GAME, WILL VIOLATE OR VIOLATE ZYNGA TERMS AND MAY ALSO CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS.
Your account and virtual items:
Any account you create on our Services, including our Games, is not your property.
This applies regardless of anything else in these Terms of Use, the Community Rules, or the terms of use of any features you have chosen to use.
Likewise, Virtual Items obtained through our Services are not your property.
This applies regardless of whether you “earned” or “purchased” these virtual items.
Your account and all associated virtual items are the property of Zynga.
Zynga grants you a limited license and right to use your account and associated Virtual Items for as long as we provide the Services.
TO PREVENT STORAGE OF DATA THAT IS NO LONGER NEEDED AND/OR TO IMPROVE OUR SERVICES, WE MAY DELETE OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS THAT HAVE BEEN INACTIVE FOR 180 DAYS (WHAT MEANS NO SIGN-UP HAS BEEN OCCURRED).
You may not transfer Virtual Items outside of the Services (e.g., “in real life”), such as by selling, giving away, or exchanging them.
Such transfers are not legally binding for us.
You may not sublicense, trade, sell or attempt to sublicense Virtual Items for “real” money, or exchange Virtual Items for any equivalent value outside of a game.
Any such transfer or attempt to make such transfer is prohibited and void, and we may terminate your account for this reason.
User content:
If you post, publish, transmit or upload User Content using the Services, you agree to ensure that such Content meets the following standards:
The content is factually correct,
not confidential,
not illegal,
they do not violate any contractual restrictions or the rights of third parties, and you have obtained the consent to use the User Content from any other party whose personal or other data or intellectual property is part of the User Content,
they are free of viruses, adware, spyware, worms and other harmful code,
they comply with our community rules.
Your User Content will be processed by Zynga in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You are solely responsible for securing your content.
Any User Content you post, publish or transmit will be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential.
You retain all ownership rights in your User Content, but you grant Zynga a perpetual, irrevocable (except as set forth below or in our Privacy Policy), worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, display and perform your User Content and modified or derivative works related thereto in connection with the Services, including use for marketing and promotions.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you waive any moral rights you may have in User Content (such as the right to be credited as the author of the User Content or the right to object to any particular use of that User Content).
We may remove any of your Use Content if, in our opinion, it does not comply with these Terms of Use, our Community Rules, or any other feature terms and conditions.
We also have the right to inform any third party about your identity if they claim that your User Content constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
We will also make your User Content available to third parties or authorities where we are legally required to do so.
Zynga's license to your User Content will be terminated if you request deletion of your account by submitting a request through our Personal Information Request Portal.
This is described in our privacy policy and includes the following exceptions:
User Content submitted in response to Zynga promotions, which are subject to any Feature Terms of Use or other terms and conditions of the promotion,
User Content shared with third parties that has either not yet been deleted by them or has already been used publicly by them in accordance with these Terms of Use and
User Content that is subject to a separate license with Zynga, to which the terms of the applicable license apply.
If you request deletion of your User Content, we will take all reasonable steps to remove your User Content from active use.
This may include removing your User Content from our systems.
However, it is possible for user content to continue to exist in our systems.
This includes backup copies.
We will also retain copies of User Content if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law.
If you post, publish or transmit comments and observations within the Services, such as in forums, blogs or chat features, we cannot guarantee that other players will not use the ideas and information you share.
If you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or that you do not want others to use, then do not post it.
ZYNGA ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OR APPROPRIATION BY ANY THIRD PARTY OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, PUBLISHED OR TRANSMITTED BY YOU IN FORUMS, BLOGS OR CHATTROOMS.
6. MONITORING USE OF THE SERVICES AND USER CONTENT
↑
We have no obligation to monitor the Services for offensive or unlawful User Content or other players' conduct, and we assume no responsibility for such conduct.
Furthermore, we assume no responsibility for any data, material, products or services offered by other players (for example in their profile) and User Content is not approved by us.
By using our Services, you understand that you may be exposed to conduct that you find offensive or otherwise objectionable.
We do not endorse or guarantee the truth or accuracy of any User Content posted on the Services.
However, if anyone violates these Terms of Use or misuses the Services, please notify us by using the “Report Violation” link within the Services or by contacting our customer support. (
For rule violations regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us via https://support.smallgiantgames.com/).
For inquiries regarding Puzzle Combat, please contact us via https://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/).
Although we have no obligation to monitor the Services, we may, at our sole discretion, monitor, record or store your interactions with the Services or your communications with Zynga or other players when you use the Services (including your Communications via in-game text or video chat).
For more information, see our privacy policy.
We also have the discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any User Content or other materials that we, in our sole discretion, deem objectionable.
If we determine that your communications or User Content violate these Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules, we may, in our sole discretion and without notice, terminate your ability to communicate with other players or post User Content , override or completely block your access to the Services.
7. YOUR DEALING WITH OTHER PLAYERS
You are responsible for your interactions with other players.
If you have a problem with another player, we are under no obligation to intervene, but we reserve the right to do so.
In the event of a dispute between you and any other player, you release the Zynga family of companies and all of Zynga's partners from liability, claims, demands and/or damages (direct and indirect), whether known or unknown, arising out of or in connection with that dispute.
This includes damages for loss of profits, reputation, use or data.
This does not apply to users residing in the EEA.
If you are located in the EEA, your liability to Zynga will be governed by the laws of your country of residence.
As part of the Services, we may offer you the opportunity to play with your friends or other like-minded opponents.
To ensure you always have opponents with the right skill level, some of these matched opponents may be auto-generated players who look and play like real people.
If you are a resident of the State of California, you are waiving your rights under California Civil Code Section 1542, which states: “A general waiver does not extend to liabilities of which the creditor is unaware or unaware of their existence in his or her favor he had no idea at the time of the waiver and which, if he were aware of it, would have had a lasting impact on his demands on the debtor.”
We may allow you to use the Services to send SMS or MMS messages to your friends, family or other contacts.
You are not required to send these text messages, you are solely responsible for them, and you hereby acknowledge that standard messaging and Internet access rates may apply, depending on your carrier's contract.
You also understand that Zynga does not control the recipients, content, or timing of these text messages.
If you choose to send text messages through the Services, you represent that the recipients of the text messages have appropriately consented to receive the text messages.
8. PAYMENT TERMS
We provide a service in the form of access to games, virtual items and our other services.
As part of these services, you may obtain a limited license and right to use the virtual items and/or other goods or services by paying real money.
Process and functionality:
You obtain a limited license and right to use the Virtual Items by visiting the purchase page of one of our Services and authorizing payment details through the platform you play on (e.g. Facebook, Apple, Google).
When you make a purchase on Zyngagames.com, zyngapoker.com, gotslotscasino.znyga.com or any other Zynga-owned website, the payment page will inform you at the time of your purchase which payment methods you can use for the transaction.
The price of the product is the price displayed on the order page when you submit your order.
After the purchase process is complete, we may send you a confirmation email containing details about the items you purchased.
Please check the accuracy of the information contained in the confirmation as soon as possible and keep a copy of it for your records.
Zynga maintains records of transactions on Zyngagames.com to address future questions about the transaction.
When purchasing virtual items in our games on other platforms, such as Facebook, Apple, or Google, Zynga is not involved in the transaction and your purchase is subject to the payment terms and conditions of the third party platform provider.
Please read the Platform's Terms of Service for additional information.
If you have any questions about refunds or purchases made through Facebook or Google, you can contact our billing support team as described below.
For Virtual Items, your order constitutes an offer to us to obtain a limited license and right to use the applicable Services or Virtual Items, which is accepted by us upon accepting payment.
At this point the limited license begins.
For orders to obtain a limited license and the right to use Virtual Items, once you click the purchase or order button in the purchase window or on the purchase page:
You agree that we will make the Virtual Items available once we have accepted your order, and
if you reside within the European Union (the “EU”), you acknowledge that your right of withdrawal under the EU Consumer Rights Directive (as implemented by the law of your country of residence) will expire once we provide the Virtual Item.
You hereby acknowledge that while you may “earn,” “purchase,” or “acquire” Virtual Items through our Services, the Virtual Items are not legally your property and any number of Virtual Items do not constitute any credit real currency or its equivalent.
Any “virtual currency” balance recorded in your account does not represent a real balance of value, but rather a measurement of the extent of your limited license.
ALL PURCHASES ARE FINAL: YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ZYNGA BE OBLIGATE TO PROVIDE REFUNDS AND THAT IN THE EVENT OF TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT, VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY, YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE ANY MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS , REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU MADE A PAYMENT THROUGH ZYNGAGAMES.COM OR ANY OTHER PLATFORM SUCH AS APPLE, GOOGLE, FACEBOOK OR ANY OTHER SITES OR PLATFORMS ON WHICH WE OFFER OUR SERVICES.
PURCHASES FOR A LIMITED LICENSE AND THE RIGHT TO USE VIRTUAL ITEMS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Additional payment terms:
You agree to be responsible for all applicable taxes and fees incurred by you or any third-party users of an account you register.
Zynga reserves the right to revise the prices for goods and services licensed to you through the Services at any time.
Subscriptions are subject to our additional subscription terms and conditions.
Billing support:
For billing support, contact us through Customer Support or call our billing support team at +1-800-762-2530 (North America) or your country code +80011551398 (all other countries).
Please note that phone support for billing-related issues and questions is only available in English.
These phone numbers are for billing issues and questions ONLY.
The contact you reach at this number will NOT be able to help you with any technical issues, gameplay questions, or in-game purchases.
For non-billing customer support, you must contact us through Customer Support.
9. PROMOTIONS AND OFFERS
We may occasionally offer you limited-time promotions.
Please review the Official Rules or Feature Terms of Use (if applicable) associated with any promotion.
They apply in addition to these Terms of Use.
We may also occasionally advertise special offers.
We are under no obligation to provide any offers and you are under no obligation to accept them.
Offers are non-transferable and cannot be redeemed or exchanged for any other item of value, except at our sole discretion.
If you accept an offer, you may be required to sign a declaration of eligibility and liability release or other documents to receive the offer.
Some offerings are subject to taxes and other charges or require travel or other activities outside of the virtual world.
All of this will, if applicable, be provided prior to your acceptance of the offer.
If you accept an offer, you assume all liability in connection with the offer.
10. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING
Our Services may contain advertising from us or other companies.
Our privacy policy explains what information we share with advertising partners.
Please read it.
Occasionally, within the Services or our games, we may provide links to third-party websites or companies that invite you to participate in a promotion and offer you a feature or upgrade to the Services (such as in-game currency) in return.
You are responsible for any costs or liabilities you incur as a result of such interactions with third parties.
We are not responsible for the third-party websites that we link to our Services, and such a link does not imply our endorsement or approval of the linked site or any information you find on it.
We assume no liability for claims relating to content, goods and/or services from third parties.
Please also note that we do not control third-party linked sites and they may collect your information, ask you to provide your personal or other information, or automatically collect information about you.
If you use these third-party sites and services, that third party may ask you for permission to access your data and content.
We are not responsible for the content, business practices and privacy policies of these third parties or for the manner in which they collect, use or disclose information from you.
11. COPYRIGHT NOTICES/COMPLAINTS
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that you do the same.
We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the Electronic Commerce Directive and related legislation in the EU, and similar or equivalent other local laws.
For more information, including our policy on copyright infringement notices, visit Zynga's copyright page.
We reserve the right to terminate a player's access to the Services if we determine that such player has committed repeat copyright infringement.
We are not obliged to notify the player in advance in this regard.
12. FEEDBACK AND UNSOLICITED IDEAS
We may ask you for feedback on certain features through a promotion or our customer feedback program.
You are under no obligation to respond to our request.
Any feedback you provide us upon request as part of a promotion or program will be governed by the rules of the specific promotion or program.
Any ideas, information or feedback you voluntarily send to us are subject to our unsolicited ideas policy.
13. AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES; DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
Zynga, the Zynga family of companies and Zynga affiliates make no representation or warranty that the Services or any content therein will always be available or free from interruptions or errors.
We may suspend, withdraw or limit the availability of all or part of our Services for business and operational reasons.
USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.”
ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA FAMILY OF COMPANIES AND ZYNGA AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND OTHER TERMS REGARDING THE SERVICES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA FAMILY OF COMPANIES AND ZYNGA AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS OF COPYRIGHT, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET USE OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
If these exclusions are not permitted in your state or country, they will not apply to you.
If your state or country requires a specific warranty period, this will be either 30 days from your first use of the Services or the minimum period required by law; The shorter of the two deadlines applies.
14. RESTRICTIONS; DISCLAIMER
YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA FAMILY OF COMPANIES AND ZYNGA AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:
(1) DAMAGES FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, CIVIL PENALTIES, COURT COSTS AND CONSEQUENTIAL COSTS TO THE EXTENT ANY CLAIM ARISES FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES.
THIS ALSO APPLIES TO LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR REDUCTION IN GOODWILL.
(2) DAMAGES FOR DAMAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL WEBSITES.
THE ENTIRE RISK OF USE OF THE SERVICES AND EXTERNAL SITES AND THE RISK OF INJURY ARISING FROM THE SERVICES AND EXTERNAL SITES RESTS SOLELY WITH YOU.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DISCLAIMERS CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL APPLY TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, WHATSOEVER CAUSED ACTIONS AND IN ANY LAW, INCLUDING BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING THE LEGAL CONSTRUCT OF “NEGLIGENCE” IN EQUITY).
TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA FAMILY OF COMPANIES AND/OR ZYNGA AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA FAMILY OF COMPANIES AND/OR ZYNGA AFFILIATES DURING THE ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY (180) DAYS AST, IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST MAKE SUCH CLAIM.
If you have no payment to Zynga, the Zynga company family or partner of Zynga, in the one hundred and eight days (180), which are right ahead of the date, on which you assert such a claim, the sole and only remedy for a dispute there is a dispute BY ZYNGA, THE ZYNGA FAMILY OF COMPANIES AND/OR A ZYNGA PARTNER THAT YOU STOP USING THE SERVICES AND TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT.
Some states or countries do not allow the exclusion of certain warranty options or the limitations/exclusions of liability as described above.
This means that these limitations/exclusions of liability may not apply to you if you reside in one of these states or countries.
These limitations/exclusions of liability apply to the fullest extent to residents of New Jersey.
These limitations/exclusions of liability do not apply to users residing in the EEA.
If Zynga fails to comply with these Terms of Use, Zynga will be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by you that is a foreseeable result of Zynga's breach of these Terms of Use or that results from Zynga's negligence.
However, Zynga is not responsible for any unforeseeable loss or damage.
Loss or damage is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and Zynga at the time of entering into the contract.
15. ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
THIS SECTION APPLIES TO PLAYERS IN THE USA AND CANADA ONLY.
If you have an issue with the Services, most of it can be resolved in one of our player forums.
Before initiating any formal legal proceedings, you must contact our customer support at http://www.zyngaplayersupport.com/.
If you and Zynga are unable to resolve the dispute through customer support, you and Zynga agree to the arbitration procedures described below.
Mutual consent to arbitration
By voluntarily accepting these Terms of Use (and on many of our Services, by voluntarily clicking or tapping an in-game button to expressly agree to these Terms of Use), you and Zynga, and any members of the Zynga family of companies, agree to, to the fullest extent permitted by law, claims , relating to or relating to the Terms of Use, the Feature Terms of Use, the Community Rules, your relationship with us or Zynga's Services, including, but not limited to, your use of the Services and the information you provide through the Services, to be resolved through final and binding arbitration.
This applies to all claims arising under any legal basis, unless the claim falls within one of the exceptions listed below in the Exceptions to Arbitration Clause section.
This arbitration provision also applies if you stop using or delete your Zynga account. (
In this Section 15 and Section 17, you, Zynga and any members of the Zynga family of companies may be referred to individually as “a Party” or collectively as “the Parties.”)
Arbitration will take place before a neutral arbitrator rather than a judge and jury, and by voluntarily agreeing to these Terms of Use, you, Zynga and any members of the Zynga family of companies are waiving their right to a trial before a judge and jury.
Different rules apply to arbitration proceedings than to lawsuits in court.
They are less formal and offer limited opportunities to compel the other side to disclose information relevant to the dispute - so-called legal disclosure.
The arbitrator may award on an individual basis the same damages or relief that a court could award to an individual, except as limited herein.
If a party is dissatisfied with the arbitrator's decision, courts have limited ability to change the outcome of the arbitration or force the arbitrator to reevaluate his or her decision.
If either party does not agree, regardless of whether this Section 15 (or any part of this Section 15, including but not limited to the provisions relating to arbitration, class action waiver and opt-out) can be enforced, or whether applies to the dispute, all parties agree that these aspects must be dealt with exclusively in court.
If a court decides that any provision under the heading “No Class Actions” or “Like-Kind Claims” is void or unenforceable, then the entirety of Section 15 (Arbitration Provision and Class Action Waiver) will be null and void (i.e., it will be eliminated).
However, the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use and Community Rules remain valid in this case.
In addition, if a Dispute is brought by you, Zynga or any member of the Zynga family of companies in court that should be resolved in arbitration, or if either party refuses to have a Dispute heard in arbitration, If this would be appropriate, then another party can obtain a court order to resolve the dispute through arbitration (i.e., compel arbitration).
You, Zynga, or a member of the Zynga family of companies may also obtain a stay of court proceedings pending arbitration.
Process of the arbitration procedure
The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will control any arbitration between you and Zynga or the member of the Zynga family of companies, using the then-current rules and procedures of the AAA, including the Consumer Arbitration Rules.
The AAA's rules and procedures are available on its website at www.adr.org.
In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and AAA's rules and procedures, the parties agree that the Terms of Use will control.
To initiate arbitration, use the form on the AAA website (www.adr.org).
If you reside outside of the United States, the arbitration may take place in the county in which you reside at the time of filing.
If you reside in the United States, the arbitration shall be commenced in the State of California, United States of America.
You and Zynga further submit to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court located in San Francisco, California, to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter final judgment on the award made by the arbitration .
Zynga will only have the right to assert a claim against you through arbitration if Zynga submits the following information in addition to the information required by the AAA: (1) personally identifiable information associated with all of your accounts with Zynga, to the extent that Zynga can identify it (both current and previous accounts), including any Zynga or Facebook IDs and email addresses and (2) an explicit statement of how Zynga is harmed by your conduct and any facts supporting the assertion of this claim.
You will only have the right to assert a claim against Zynga in arbitration if you submit the following information in addition to the information required by the AAA: (1) personally identifiable information associated with all of your accounts with Zynga, to the extent that you can identify it (both current and previous accounts), including any Zynga or Facebook IDs and email addresses, and (2) an explicit statement of how you feel harmed by Zynga's conduct and any facts supporting your claim.
You and Zynga agree to participate in any arbitration proceedings in person, by telephone, video conference or other live electronic means, unless you and Zynga agree otherwise at a later date.
Payment of all commencement, administration and arbitrator costs will be governed by the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, unless you can demonstrate that the costs and expenses you would owe under those rules would be significantly more costly than litigation; then Zynga will pay such costs and expenses as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being more costly than litigation (which will be subject to reimbursement as set forth below).
If the arbitrator determines all claims to be frivolous under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, you agree to reimburse Zynga for all costs and expenses incurred by Zynga and that you would have been obligated to pay them under the AAA's rules take over.
In the event that the AAA is unable to appoint an arbitrator for any claim brought by you or Zynga, either party to this Agreement may request that an arbitrator be appointed by a state or federal court located in San Francisco, California.
An arbitrator appointed by a court must follow the AAA's rules and procedures, including those relating to costs and expenses, except as otherwise provided in these Terms.
Similar claims
In the event that multiple claims are asserted with the AAA arising out of the same transaction or substantially similar transactions, matters, or events ("Similar Claims"), such arbitration (whether initiated by Zynga or you) will be administered by the AAA treated individually and in the order in which they are received.
The AAA is not entitled to initiate proceedings on similar claims or to charge procedural costs for these claims until earlier proceedings on similar claims have been accepted for hearing before the AAA and an arbitrator has been appointed for them.
If several similar claims are filed at the same time, the AAA has the right to determine the order in which they are heard, and the AAA has no right to initiate the hearing of similar claims or to charge procedural costs for them, except for those proceedings brought, in its sole discretion are to be negotiated by the AAA first, an arbitrator has been appointed.
To ensure the impartiality and independence required of an arbitrator under the AAA Rules, no arbitrator may preside over a hearing on a claim if he or she is already the arbitrator in a proceeding on a similar claim.
Exceptions to the Arbitration Clause
All parties agree that the following disputes will be resolved in court:
Disputes relating to intellectual property owned by you or Zynga or a member of the Zynga family of companies (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights or patents),
Disputes related to a violation of the Community Rules;
If the only form of claims raised is injunctive relief; or
Disputes within the jurisdiction of small claims courts.
The parties agree not to seek any interim measures in the arbitration proceedings.
Rather, the latter should be sought before the ordinary courts.
If a party seeks both an injunction and other remedies in a proceeding, it is obliged to seek the former in court but to seek the other remedies in arbitration.
For more information on which court the parties may apply to arbitrate this type of dispute, see Section 17 (Jurisdiction for Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration).
No class action lawsuits
By voluntarily accepting these Terms of Use (and on many of our Services, by voluntarily clicking or tapping an in-game button to expressly agree to these Terms of Use), you and Zynga, and any members of the Zynga family of companies, agree that disputes will be resolved only on an individual basis can be carried out.
This means the following:
The parties agree that neither you, Zynga, nor any member of the Zynga family of companies may bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in any class, consolidated, or representative action.
The parties agree that the arbitrator is prohibited from consolidating more than one person's claims into a single case and may not conduct consolidated, representative or class arbitrations (unless all parties agree otherwise). to handle).
The parties agree that the arbitrator's decision or award in the case of any individual will affect only that individual, not other Zynga players, and cannot be used to resolve disputes with other players.
Opting Out of Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver
You have the right to opt-out of the arbitration provision and class action waiver (Section 15) and the right not to be bound by it by sending us written notice of your decision to opt-out via Customer Support or by postal mail as described in Notices .
Notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of your first use of our Services or availability of such opt-out, whichever is later.
Otherwise, you will be bound by the dispute resolution procedures described in Section 15.
By opting out of these arbitration measures, Zynga is not bound by them.
Changes to Section 15, “Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver”
If we make any changes to this Arbitration and Class Action Waiver Section 15, we will notify you by email or the Services 60 days in advance.
If this subsection modifying Section 15, “Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver,” is not valid or enforceable, then this subsection will be severed from Section 15 and the court or arbitrator will review the arbitration clause and class action waiver section that existed prior to your use Bring class action lawsuits.
Continuity
This Section 15 shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.
16. GOVERNING LAW
If you are a resident of the United States, you agree that these Terms of Use affect interstate commerce and that the interpretation and enforcement of Section 15 (Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver) is subject to the Federal Arbitration Act ) are subject to.
In addition, the Terms of Use and our relationship with each other are governed by California law, excluding its conflict of law provisions.
If you reside outside of the United States, the Terms of Use and our relationship will be governed by Irish law, excluding its conflict of law provisions.
17. JURISDICTION FOR DISPUTES NOT SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION
If you are located in the United States, any legal proceedings (other than small claims cases) excluded from the arbitration provision in Section 15 must be brought in the state or federal courts located in San Francisco, California, unless otherwise specified Location determined by mutual agreement.
You, Zynga and the Zynga family of companies consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.
If you are located outside of the United States, venue shall be in a court of competent jurisdiction in the country in which you have your permanent residence (“Jurisdiction”), unless another location is determined by mutual agreement.
You, Zynga, and the Zynga family of companies consent to venue and jurisdiction.
18. SEVERABILITY
All paragraphs of these Terms of Use are independent of each other.
Except as set forth in Section 15 under the heading “No Class Actions,” to the extent that any part of the Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules is unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use and Community Rules will still apply is valid and binding, and that unenforceable parts will be replaced in such a way that the meaning of the illegal or unenforceable parts is preserved as much as possible.
19. ASSIGNMENT CLAUSE
We may assign any of our rights or obligations under these Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules to any person or other entity at any time without your consent.
You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules to any third party without first obtaining Zynga's written consent.
Any attempts to do so without our consent will be void.
20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms of Use, and any other terms or rules referenced by us in these Terms of Use, constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Terms of Use and supersede all prior agreements, whether electronic or oral, between the parties regarding the Terms of Use or agreed in writing, or whether by custom, practice, regulation or precedent between you and us.
This provision does not apply to users residing in the EEA.
21. LANGUAGE OF TERMS OF USE
If we provide a translated version of these Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use, Community Rules, Privacy Policy, or any other terms or conditions, it is for informational purposes only.
If the meaning of the translated version differs from that of the English version, the English version will prevail.
This provision does not apply to users residing in the EEA.
22. NO WAIVER OF RIGHTS
If we do not enforce our rights under these Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules, we do not waive our right to do so at a later time.
In the event that we expressly waive any provision of the Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules, this will not apply indefinitely.
If we waive our rights with respect to any default or breach by you, we will do so in writing.
This does not mean that we automatically waive legal recourse for any subsequent default or breach by you.
23. NOTIFICATIONS
If we need to notify you of anything related to the Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use, or Community Rules, we may notify you by posting a message on www.zynga.com or within the Zynga game or game you are using. of the Zynga games you use, and send you an email or other communication options based on the contact information you provide to us.
If you need to notify us of any matter relating to the Terms of Use, Feature Terms of Use or Community Rules, you must do so in writing to Zynga Inc., Attn: LEGAL DEPARTMENT, 699 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA - es unless we have provided a more specific method of contact.
24. FORCE MAJEURE
We are not liable for any changes or problems beyond our control, such as changes or problems resulting from natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil authorities or military bodies, fire, flood, accidents, network infrastructure failures, strikes or lack of transport capacity, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
This provision does not apply to users residing in the EEA.
