Terms for Klarna Shopping Service
 
Highlights of change since last update of these Terms:
 
New Section 3. A new Klarna interface is being launched, the Klarna Extension for certain computer browsers. The section explains how the extension works and sets out the terms for the features available therein.
 
Last updates 06.11.2021
 
These terms and conditions represent an Agreement between Klarna Bank AB (“Klarna”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and you (“you” and “your”) when you use Klarna’s services and features as described in these terms, as may be amended from time to time (the “Service”). You sign up for the Service and enter into an Agreement with Klarna by accepting these terms on the first occasion that you use Klarna and create your User Account. 
You can at any time access the latest version of these terms via the Klarna App or our website. You can also download the terms here.
 
Klarna User 

When you use one of Klarna’s Payment Services in a merchant's checkout for the first time or when you download and log in to the Klarna App, you acknowledge that a Klarna User Account will be created in your name.
 
Description of the Service

For Klarna, shopping is not just about finding great stuff and paying for them - it is also about enjoying a great shopping experience at the store of your preference, a state of the art app, and many other things. Simply put, a smoooth user experience both before you have done your purchases and after you have done a purchase. These terms explain in more detail what a "smoooth user experience" means. 
Please note that additional terms may apply to a specific Payment Service if you choose to make your payment by using one of the Payment Services offered by Klarna.
 
1. Smoooth User Experience - Autofill and preferences

In order for you to have a smoooth and friction free shopping experience we will remember some information about you and use that information to autofill different forms with your information during your shopping . This will enable you to save time and focus on more important stuff than filling out the same information over and over again. Let us explain in more detail how this works.
 
Autofill while shopping with Klarna
When using Klarna the first time you will be asked to create a Klarna User Account to make your future interaction with Klarna smoother. We will keep this information in our systems so that when you return to us or use our Service, you only need to provide some information to us. We will handle all personal information we collect in creating your Klarna User Account in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
When we are able to identify you, we may autofill some information about you in the purchase flow, such as name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth and card details. The autofill is based on the information stored on your Klarna User Account. An example of when autofill is used is when you shop directly from the Klarna App.
 
2. Klarna App

The Klarna App, provided to you by way of an app or a web portal is your online shopping assistant, constituting your hub for all your Klarna purchases and all other great features Klarna offers. By using the Klarna App you can pay your purchases, track your packages and many more things. Some of these features are activated by downloading the Klarna App or logging in through the web portal, while others can be activated by you after login. Klarna wants to provide you with the best shopping experience and offer you the ability to search for a wide range of stores in the Klarna App. We may not have a commercial relationship with all stores shown or searchable in the Klarna App. In these cases, Klarna acts like a web browser or search engine, thereby just redirecting you to the store’s website. The exact content of features can differ between different country versions of the Klarna App. Klarna updates the Klarna App continuously with new and improved features. To mention a few of the features we are most proud of:
Features:
View your Klarna purchases and transactions
Manage your payments
Easy interaction with Klarna
Example of other features we may offer depending on country version:
Shopping services like search functions, an overview of stores that we think you will like, as well as personalised recommendations, offers and other content
Shop using Klarna’s payment methods - even at stores which do not yet use Klarna
Order, delivery or parcel tracking
Easy return handling and refunds
Personal finance overview and management
Display and storage of your transactions, purchases, receipts, images and other material
CO2 emission footprint on your purchases
View your orders made via stores or entities unrelated to Klarna
Create and share collections of goods or services of your choice
Share your transactions with other Klarna users
An assistant that suggests to help you to fill in various information (such as payment method, card details, shipping address) by use of autofill 
View your transactions made with one of our subsidiaries Sofort GmbH, Billpay GmbH and Klarna Inc. This will only be done after you have signed up for it in the subsidiaries services. The transaction data (such as for example name, address, bank account number/IBAN, sort code/BIC, reason for payment, date and amount, order details) will then be submitted to Klarna.
As a Klarna App user you may, at your own discretion, upload, publish and share your content, such as collections, images and nicknames. You acknowledge that by sharing content you make it publically available, which means that information about you becomes available to others, and may be used and shared further by other individuals. 
You may only upload, publish or share content which you have the right to use for these purposes, and which do not violate law, this Agreement or third party rights.
You agree to not upload, publish or share content which is unlawful, fraudulent, abusive, threatening, violate the rights of others, offensive or criminal (such as agitation against ethnical groups, child pornography or unlawful depictions of violence) or ; transmitting content that contains viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, adware, malware, or other harmful or damaging programming; distributing unsolicited advertising (spam) or any other form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, without obligation, to monitor, review, adjust, inactivate or remove content, without notifying you or a third party, in our sole discretion.
You are solely responsible for your upload, publication and sharing of content, and agree to indemnify and hold Klarna harmless from damages, loss or costs incurred by your upload, publication or sharing of content, including in connection to third party claims against Klarna.
 
3. Klarna Extension-specific Terms and Conditions

Klarna Extension features assorted discount coupons on the online-store presence of merchants collaborating with and selected by Klarna ("Affiliate Stores"). Further, additional features are usable subject to an additional login into the Klarna Extension, enabling you to expand your purchase experience by earning points (as described hereunder) and using a tailored card payment solution (also described hereunder). Klarna receives fees for referring our Klarna Extension users to Affiliated Stores, and Klarna uses a portion of those fees to pay for gift cards earned by our users through accruing points on Qualifying Purchases. A "Qualifying Purchase" shall be those purchases where the Affiliate Store offers points on the purchase. 
The Affiliate Stores available through the Klarna Extension are entirely at the discretion of Klarna and may vary from time to time. 
Any purchases that you make are directly from Affiliate Stores and not from Klarna. The Affiliate Store’s terms and conditions shall apply to purchases made on its site and Klarna shall not have any liability in relation to any products or services that you purchase. 
We have no control over the contents of Affiliate Stores' websites. 
 
3.1 General Information, Acceptance of these Terms, Eligibility

The “Klarna Extension” is a software application made available by Klarna. The terms and conditions (“Extension Terms”) in this Section 3 are only applicable to your (hereinafter “Extension User” or "you") use of the Klarna Extension.
By installing, activating, enabling, using, or otherwise accessing Klarna Extension, you accept these Extension Terms. Do not install, activate, enable, or otherwise access the Klarna Extension, if you do not wish to be bound by these Extension Terms. Klarna Extension can only be used on Google Chrome and in the future may become available on other supported web browsers. The technical usability of Klarna Extension is subject to the respective usage terms of these browsers and the technical limitations and specifications of any device on which Klarna Extension is to be installed.
An Extension User must be at least 18 (eighteen) years old and have a European phone number to use the Klarna Extension, in addition to the eligibility requirements and Extension Terms set forth below. By installing, activating, enabling, using, or otherwise accessing the Klarna Extension, you confirm that you are 18 years old or over and that these Extension Terms will govern your use of the Klarna Extension. 
 
3.2 Klarna Extension Functions and Limitations
The Klarna Extension offers several features, some of which are only accessible to an Extension User after first registering for a Klarna Extension account. These features are split into basic functions, each a “Basic Function”, and enhanced functions, each an “Enhanced Function”. Klarna updates the Klarna Extension continuously with new and improved features and reserves the right to withdraw any of the Basic Functions or Enhanced Functions at any time.
 
Enhanced Functions Prerequisite
In order to use the Enhanced Functions, the Extension User must first create a user account (“Account”). To create an Account, you are required to provide your contact information, including a valid email address and postal address. Klarna reserves the right to verify your eligibility to create an Account. You must ensure that your details in your Account are kept up to date. You are responsible for the security of and activity conducted through your Account. Please keep your Account details secure.
 
3.2.1 Klarna Extension Basic Functions
If the online store you visit is one of our Affiliate Stores, when you reach the Affiliate Store’s checkout you will be notified in the browser if there are coupons available and offered the opportunity to activate the coupons. If you choose to view the available coupons, the Basic Function will then show you available coupons for the Affiliate Store.
All coupons and discounts are provided by the Affiliate Store. Coupon terms are subject to the relevant Affiliate Store’s terms and conditions. Klarna always strives to provide you with accurate coupons. However, we do not warrant or guarantee the availability of coupons or that any of the coupons or discounts are accurate, complete, up to date or error free or that any such coupons or discounts will offer the lowest price for an item. Klarna may earn a commission from your transaction.
Examples of other Basic Function(s) that may be available to you depending on your country’s version of the Klarna Extension include the following:
Create and share collections of goods or services of your choice (wishlists).
Our price compare tool. The price compare tool searches for better prices on the relevant Amazon website by comparing sellers for you. Please note that Amazon and Klarna are not affiliated. Prices on Amazon may change and the results of our price comparison tool are valid only at the time the comparison is made. Klarna does not become a party to any agreement that you conclude with Amazon and is also not liable for any issues arising from contractual relationships existing between you and third parties. Klarna always strives to provide you with as complete and accurate information as possible. However, we gather information from public-domain sources. Our intention is that all the information in relation to the price compare toll should be accurate and up-to-date. However, we cannot guarantee the reliability or the accuracy of the information.
 
3.2.2 Klarna Extension Enhanced Functions
 
Klarna Reward
This function permits an Extension User to accrue points on Qualifying Purchases into a dedicated Account within Klarna Extension (“Points”). One Point will be the equivalent of GBP 1. The number of Points accrued on a Qualifying Purchase may be set individually by each Affiliate Store and may be changed by each Affiliate Store from time to time. 
Points can be collected by following the process set out below. You do not need to log in to the Klarna Extension at the time of purchase to collect Points, but in order to see your current Points balance or redeem such amount (subject to these Extension Terms) you need to be logged in and provide us with your name, email, and postal address - unless you have already provided that information to Klarna. 
Points are accrued on the net purchase amount. The net purchase amount for determining Points excludes taxes, fees, shipping, gift-wrapping, returns or cancellations, and extended warranties.
Points may not be allocated if all or part of your order is returned, amended or cancelled. 
In order to earn and redeem Points, the following steps must be taken: 
Points are only earned by making online purchases of Qualifying Purchases at Affiliate Stores. Affiliate Stores may exclude certain products and purchases from the Klarna Reward Enhanced Function.
The availability of Points for a particular Qualifying Purchase will be shown in the Klarna Extension. The Klarna Extension will show the number of Points available during the specific Extension User’s Shopping Session. A “Shopping Session” describes the uninterrupted process of product selection until payment for the Qualifying Purchase is completed on an Affiliate Store’s website.
Once an Extension User has reached an Affiliate Store’s checkout during a Shopping Session, the Extension User may activate Points by clicking the relevant button. The Affiliate Store’s terms and conditions shall apply to purchases made on its site.
After activating Points, an Extension User must complete the purchase in the same Shopping Session to accrue Points. 
Points cannot be redeemed retrospectively against any item(s) which you have already purchased.
An Extension User must ensure that all technical criteria are met in order to activate and claim Points, including having cookies and java script enabled on your web browser. 
You will need to log in to your Account from the device used for the Shopping Session within fourteen (14) days of completing each Shopping Session so that we can allocate Points to your Account. 
A Points figure that was correctly obtained during a Shopping Session will be credited to an Account within thirty (30) days after an Affiliate Store’s (contractual and/or statutory) return policy (i.e. as long as you can return the item or service you bought) period expires. During the return policy period, the Points are categorised as Pending.
The Extension User needs to collect a total amount of 25 Points (minimum) in order to redeem the Points for a gift card (the “Payout Threshold”). You must have the number of Points required for a gift card in your Account at the time of redemption. You cannot redeem Points which have not yet been credited to your Account.
Subject to any other requirement in these Extension Terms, once the Extension User has reached the Payout Threshold, we will send an email to the Extension User’s registered email containing a redemption code that the Extension User may use to redeem the Points as a gift card. More information on how you do this is provided in the email you receive. Klarna may modify or add gift card providers at its discretion. The gift cards are subject to terms and conditions of the gift card provider and the relevant merchant if specified. If you have any questions related to the gift cards, you can contact our customer service and we will assist you further. 
Klarna sends emails with an offer to redeem the Extension User’s Points on a quarterly basis. Provided that you have at least 25 Points in your Account available for redemption, you will be offered the chance to redeem your Points during the next available period. Klarna is not responsible for lost email or any other event or delay beyond the control of Klarna.
Once you have reached the Payout Threshold and we have sent you a redemption code, the redeemed Points will no longer be available in your Account and your Points balance will be adjusted to reflect the same. 
You will be responsible for selecting a gift card. Klarna will not have any responsibility for any error you make in selecting a gift card and/or your use of that gift card.
Points:
can only be earned, retained or redeemed as set out in these Extension Terms;
cannot be used as any form of credit, debit or for any other purpose;
can only be redeemed for gift cards as set out in these Extension Terms; they have no redeemable cash value and cannot be exchanged for cash;
cannot be sold, transferred or exchanged (to other Klarna accounts or otherwise) or used for any other purpose, except as specified in these Extension Terms or otherwise in writing by Klarna; and 
are personal to your Account and cannot be pooled with the Points earned by another person and/or redeemed together.
If someone else accesses your Account, then you may lose Points earned.
You can check your Points balance on your Account at any point by logging in to your Account in your Klarna Extension. If you decide to check your balance, you will be responsible for all connection and/or data charges you incur in doing so. Please note also that we will not be responsible for any communication failure arising from events outside of our control which, for example (but without limitation), results in you being unable to check your Points balance or your Points balance not updating or being slow to update. You can also confirm your Points balance at any time by contacting customer service. 
We reserve the right to correct or amend Points balances in your Account or to suspend redemption codes if Points have been allocated to you in error or we reasonably consider that there has been a misuse of the Klarna Extension or an error has occurred. If you wish to query such correction or amendment to your Points balance or suspension of a redemption code, please contact our customer service. 
Klarna reserves the right to limit or terminate your Account (including without limitation by terminating the collection of Points and/or redemption of gift cards) and/or take any other action we consider appropriate if we reasonably suspect that you are not eligible to participate in the Enhanced Functions under these Extension Terms, there is misconduct, fraudulent, unauthorised or inappropriate use of your Account (including without limitation tampering with or duplicating Points), you have provided us with false or misleading information or you have otherwise not complied with these Extension Terms.
 
One-Time Card
One additional Enhanced Function is the use of the One-Time Card Service - one of Klarna’s available payment services. The use of the One-time Card is governed by the One-time Card terms available here.
 
Licence Agreement and Limitations
Klarna grants the Extension User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to use the Klarna Extension.
Klarna has the right to downgrade, limit or otherwise modify the scope and/or content of Klarna Extension at any time and/or amend, vary or alter these Extension Terms, to the extent we consider it necessary to do so without prior notice. Any amendments to the Extension Terms will be effective upon the posting of the revised Extension Terms to https://www.klarna.com/uk/terms-and-conditions/ and the login site of the Klarna Extension. Please check the website and the link available on the login screen to the Klarna Extension on a regular basis. 
Klarna has no warranty, compensation, maintenance, support or availability obligations for Klarna Extension. 
Except to the extent that liability cannot be excluded or limited as a matter of law, Klarna accepts no responsibility or liability for (a) Accounts which are created using incorrect or inaccurate information; (b) any technical malfunction, failure, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or communications, line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, computers or providers used in any aspect of the operation of the Klarna Extension; (c) inaccessibility or unavailability of any network or wireless service, the Internet and/or any website; (d) any injury or damage to any person’s computer(s) or mobile device(s) which may be related to or result from any attempt to use the Klarna Extension; or (e) any matter outside of its reasonable control.
 
Inactive Accounts 
If your Account is inactive for twelve (12) consecutive months or more, then any unused or unredeemed Points will expire. You will not be able to redeem a gift card using those forfeited Points. Forfeited Points cannot be reinstated. Klarna may also close the Account permanently and cease to maintain your Account records and your access to the Klarna Extension. To reactivate your Account, please contact our customer service. 
 
Login and security 
You must keep your Account login details safe and secure.
The Klarna Extension may only be used by the Extension User as the Account holder and no third parties. You may not make purchases on behalf of third parties using the Klarna Extension or your Account. An Extension User or Account holder may not grant access to the Klarna Extension or his/her Account to any third party for any purpose. Any access by any such third party shall be deemed an unauthorised access of such Account.
Once logged in you will be kept logged in until you actively log out or, until you have been inactive for 60 days, in which case you will be automatically logged out.
To avoid unauthorised use of your Klarna Extension or unintended disclosure of your personal data, make sure only you have access to your login details and that you always log out from your Account if you leave the computer or device unattended. You are solely responsible for any unauthorised use of your Account or unintended disclosure of your personal data due to loss of login details or leaving your computer or device unattended.
If at any time you wish to terminate your Account and withdraw from the Enhanced Functions, you can make a request by contacting our customer service. Alternatively, you can simply cease using your Account.  If you terminate your Account by contacting customer service or if we terminate your Account, then we will forfeit all of your unused Points at the date of termination. 
 
General 
Any decision of Klarna is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
If there is a conflict in these Extension Terms with any other terms whatsoever attached to any other advertising material in respect of the Klarna Extension, these conditions will take precedence.
Any personal information supplied in connection with the Klarna Extension will be used, shared and retained as set out in the privacy notice found here.
 
4. Show historical purchases and transactions

We save information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App. As a part of the Service provided under these terms, Klarna enables you to see information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App. 
If you want to learn more about how Klarna uses this information, and other information we have about you, please see our Privacy Notice.
 
5. Offers and benefits

Klarna may provide you with offers and benefits such as discounts, special events, pre-access to products, sales promotions, merchant offers, sampling and giveaways. What offers and benefits you receive will be based on your previous actions such as number of purchases, purchase amounts, or usage of Klarna’s Services.
 
6. Are there any costs for the Service?

This Service and other services offered by Klarna are free of charge. Please note that interest and fees may apply to the use of a specific Service offered by Klarna. So make sure you check the specific information for the Service that you use.
 




7. Privacy and your personal data
To the extent you cause our processing of information, e.g. by uploading, publishing or sharing data in the Klarna App, about you indicating political or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning health or sex life, etc. (so-called special categories of personal data, in accordance with EU Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and the “UK GDPR”), you give your explicit consent to us processing that data to perform our Service. 
Please see our Privacy Notice for further information regarding our processing of your personal information and more information about your rights regarding your data. You can also find our contact information if you should have any questions. 
 
8. Card Payments
When making a purchase with Klarna you may configure and use a number of different funding sources, including debit, credit or prepaid cards. Your funding source will be saved to your Klarna User Account until you edit/remove it from your user account or if the user account is deleted. By choosing to save your card details with Klarna you authorise Klarna to charge this funding source for any subsequent usage of Klarna when making purchases with us. You will not be charged until you make a purchase. If your default card funding source can't be charged for a purchase, including instalment plans or subscriptions, if applicable, you authorize Klarna to attempt to charge your other card funding sources, registered to your Klarna User Account.
 
9. Your obligations
You shall always provide correct information and use your own and correct identity. Any use of information that does not belong to you or that you for other reasons are not authorised to use, or the use of the Service in a non-prescribed way, will be seen as a misuse. Any data relating to misuse or suspected misuse may be saved and used for future risk assessment and for the protection of involved parties. Klarna reserves the right to block the Service from further usage.
If you upload, import or share content to Klarna, like images, texts, receipts, information on goods, service or deliveries, or other content, you grant Klarna a royalty-free right to use and display the content for purposes of delivering the Service. We have the right to remove any content uploaded or shared by you if we are required by law, or believe it is offensive, inappropriate, unlawful, violating the rights of others, or otherwise objectionable. You are liable for any content uploaded or shared by you. You acknowledge and agree that if you upload, import or share content that is abusive, threatening or offensive, or violates, or Klarna may reasonably assume to violate, law or your agreement with Klarna, we may terminate or deactivate your use of the Klarna App.
 
10. Third party services
Some features used by you, for example parcel tracking, may include services provided by a third party. Logistic companies’ tracking functions is an example of this. When you use features which rely on third party services, you authorize Klarna to utilize those services on your behalf.
Your use of Google Maps in the checkout (for example by searching for your address in the address field) and the Klarna App is subject to the then-current Google Maps/Google Earth's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Furthermore, to prevent abuse of the Klarna’s App via the web portal, Klarna may use reCAPTCHA, making you subject to Google’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The Klarna App is available through third-party distribution platforms (“Application Stores”). You may require prior registration with the relevant Application Store. Klarna has no influence on the collection, processing and use of personal data by the respective Application Store operators.
 
11. Changes to these terms
In order to provide you with an increasingly smooth user experience, we may make changes to these terms from time to time so you should check back regularly to see if anything has changed. However, if we make significant changes, we will give you two months’ advance notice of those changes. If you gave us your email address when you created your Klarna User Account, we will send the notice to that email address, but otherwise you will need to review these terms each time you log in to check for changes. We will make all changes easy to identify. You will need to agree to the changes the next time that you log in after the end of the notice period. If you do not agree to any changes, you may contact Customer Service to terminate this Agreement. More information on how to terminate this Agreement can be found under section “Duration and termination of this Agreement” below.
 
12. Duration and termination of this Agreement
This Agreement is for an indefinite period of time and continues until it is terminated by you or Klarna. 
You may request to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason, by contacting us directly. Klarna will terminate your access to the App provided that all amounts owed to us by you (including late fees) have been paid in full, and no disputes and/or refunds are in progress. 
You will remain liable for all outstanding amounts that you owe to Klarna (including late fees) even after this Agreement has been terminated (by you or Klarna). In that scenario, we will provide information to you on how to make payments to us.
Klarna may suspend, limit your access to our Services and/or terminate this Agreement where we reasonably consider it necessary to comply with our legal obligations or because you have not complied with this Agreement, for example: 
for the prevention of fraud; 
to limit the risk of money laundering and/or terrorism financing; 
to protect us against any legal or regulatory risks; 
we reasonably suspect, or are aware, that you have breached this Agreement in a material respect; or
we otherwise reasonably consider your activity associated with the Klarna User Account to be in breach of the law.
Klarna will give you a three months’ advance notice of any suspension, limitation or termination, but sometimes Klarna will not be permitted to tell you by law or where it will prejudice any investigation.
If Klarna cannot provide the Service for any reason or ceases to provide the Service, Klarna may terminate this Agreement by providing three written months' notice. Such notice will be provided to the email address registered to the relevant User Account. 
Please note that in the event of termination of this Agreement, the use of the Service, including any features provided in, or managed via, the Klarna App, will no longer be available.
 
13. Electronic communication
By accepting these terms you agree to that Klarna will use electronic communication when communicating with you. Payment information, terms, disclosures required by law and other information to you can be provided electronically, including via Klarna website, app, or the email address(es) that you provided to us.
Updating your contact information  
It is your responsibility to ensure that Klarna has your current email address and mobile phone number, so that we can communicate with you electronically. If you need to update your primary email address, please contact Customer Service to make the change.
Questions
If you have questions about electronic communication in general, please contact Customer Service.
 
14. Assignment or transfer
You may not transfer or assign any rights or obligations you have under these terms. To the extent not otherwise already permitted by applicable law, we may transfer or assign these terms or any right or obligation under these terms at any time provided that such transfer does not alter your rights and obligations under these terms to your detriment.
 
15. Klarna
Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, telephone: +46 8 120 120 00, fax: +46 8 120 120 99, e-mail: kund@klarna.se, is a Swedish bank registered at the Swedish companies register under registration number 556737-0431. The Managing Director is Sebastian Siemiatkowski. Klarna Bank AB (publ) is authorised to provide financial services by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority). Klarna’s registration with the Swedish financial supervisory authority as well as a list of countries to which Klarna’s services have been passported to can be found on Finansinspektionen's website.
 
16. Governing law
This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts of England and Wales. If you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
 
17. Complaints
For complaints, the information provided on https://www.klarna.com/uk/feedback-and-complaints/ applies. By using our Service you consent and agree to that Klarna provides all communication regarding complaints electronically. If you have a complaint towards Klarna, you can submit your complaint through Klarna’s Customer Service webpage using the chat function or by giving us a call on (+44) 0808 189 3333. 
We aim to handle all complaints promptly, effectively and in a positive manner. If we do not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may, in some instances, be able to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service by calling 08000234567 or using the online form available at https://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/contact/index.html or writing at Exchange Tower, Harbour Exchange, London, E14 9SR.

For all other instances, you may refer your complaint to Klarna’s Complaints Adjudicator for an impartial review, using the form provided alongside your final response. For more information about how we handle complaints at Klarna, please refer to our complaints handling procedure.















Last updated 6th of November, 2021.

