https://www.booking.com/content/terms.de.html?aid=356980&label=gog235jc-1FCBQoggJCBXRlcm1zSDNYA2hxiAEBmAEJuAEHyAEP2AEB6AEB-AEMiAIBqAIDuAKf0rCABsACAdICJDg0NTJlNGY2LTlhYTMtNDZkYS05OTg1LWVmMTA5NjczNzI0MdgCBuACAQ&sid=fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61&tmpl=docs%2Fterms-and-conditions&lang=de&soz=1&lang_click=other;cdl=it;lang_changed=1
2021-01-23 14:51:54
General terms and conditions for travel
Content
Code of Conduct
Introduction General Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Definitions
Scope and nature of our services
Prizes, “We Offer the Same Price”, Genius Program and offers from a partner company
privacy
Free of charge for consumers, only travel providers pay!
Credit card or bank transfer
Prepayment, cancellation, no-show and fine print
(Further) communication and correspondence
Ranking, preferred program, stars and guest reviews
Disclaimer of liability
Intellectual property
Applicable law, place of jurisdiction and dispute resolution
About Booking.com and the support companies
Code of Conduct
“We give everything so that you can discover the world” - we want to fulfill this mission by making it as easy as possible for you to visit the most beautiful places in the world and the best attractions.
To achieve this goal, we adhere to the following good practices:
You are important to us: And that's why we offer our platform and our customer service in over 40 languages
We bring you: Over 1.5 million accommodations around the world from (very) luxurious accommodations to whatever you're looking for for your next stay in a hotel, motel, hostel, bed & breakfast, etc.
We enable you to experience attractions and other travel providers
We enable payment processing for any (entry) fee, purchase or rental of travel products or services that use our payment service
We help you (24/7): Our customer service is there for you around the clock, 365 days a year
We listen to you: Our platform is the result of what YOU (the users) prefer and find most practical when using our service
We hear you: We show uncensored reviews (from customers who actually stayed)
We promise you an informative, user-friendly website that guarantees the best prices available.
We offer the same price
Introduction General Terms and Conditions
These general terms and conditions, which are subject to change from time to time, apply to all our services that are provided directly or indirectly (i.e. via third parties) via the Internet, any type of mobile device, by email or by telephone.
By accessing our (mobile) website and using our applications, regardless of the platform (hereinafter referred to as the "platform") and / or making a booking, you confirm that you have read and understood the terms and conditions below agree to these (including the data protection provisions).
These pages, the content and structure of these pages as well as the online accommodation reservation service (including payment processing) that is offered by us via these pages and this website are the property of and are operated by Booking.com B.V. operated and made available and are only available for your private and non-commercial (B2C) use, in accordance with the terms and conditions below.
The relationship that we have with the travel providers is regulated by individual terms and conditions, which in turn regulate the (B2B) business relationship that we have with each of these travel providers.
Every travel provider acts in a professional manner vis-à-vis Booking.com if it offers its product and / or service on or via Booking.com (both business-to-business (“B2B”) and business-to-consumer (“B2C “) Relationships) makes available.
Please note that the travel provider may have declared its own terms and conditions (for delivery / transport / use) as well as terms and conditions for use, access and completion of the trip (which may include certain exclusion clauses and liability restrictions) to be applicable and / or (the acceptance thereof) required - in addition to the guidelines and fine print as disclosed on the website.
Definitions
“Booking.com”, “us”, “we” or “our” is Booking.com B.V., a limited liability company governed by Dutch law and registered at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
The “Platform” is the (mobile) website and app on which the travel service owned by Booking.com and controlled, managed, maintained and / or hosted by Booking.com is made available.
“Travel” means the various travel products and services that you can order, acquire, buy, pay for, rent, make available, reserve, combine or perform from the travel providers.
"Travel providers" are accommodation providers (e.g. a hotel, motel, apartment, bed & breakfast, landlord), attractions (e.g. (leisure) parks, museums, city tours), transport providers (e.g. car rental, boat trips, train and bus tours, (airport ) Transfers), tour guides, travel insurance and any other travel or similar products or services that are occasionally available for booking on the platform (both B2B and B2C).
The “Travel Service” means the online purchase, ordering, payment (including payment intermediation) or booking service, as offered or enabled by Booking.com, in relation to the various products and services that are occasionally available from the Travel Providers on the Platform.
“Booking a trip” means ordering, purchasing, paying, booking or reserving a trip.
1. Scope and nature of our services
Via this platform we (Booking.com BV and its affiliate (sales) partners) provide an online platform through which travel providers, in their professional capacity (i.e. B2B or B2C), advertise and market their products and services, sell and / or offer for order, purchase, reservation, rental or rental (if applicable) and through which relevant visitors to this platform discover an order, reservation, purchase or payment (i.e. the travel service) , compare and perform.
By using the travel service (e.g. by making a booking through the travel provider), you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the travel provider, with whom you book or purchase a product or service (if applicable).
From the time you book your trip, we act exclusively as an intermediary between you and the travel provider by forwarding the details of your booking to the respective travel provider and sending you a confirmation email on behalf of and on behalf of the travel provider.
Booking.com does not sell, rent or offer any (travel) products or services.
The information we use to perform our travel services is based on the information provided to us by the travel providers.
The travel providers who market and advertise their trips on our platform have access to our systems and the extranet and are therefore solely responsible for ensuring that the rates / fees / prices, availability, guidelines and terms and conditions and other important information that apply to on our website are always updated.
Although we proceed very carefully and conscientiously in the execution of our travel services, we cannot check and guarantee that all information is accurate, correct and complete, nor can we be responsible for errors (including overt errors or typographical errors), interruptions (due to a temporal limited and / or partial failure, repair, update or maintenance work on our website or any other reason), inaccurate, misleading or untrue information or failure to provide the information.
Each travel supplier remains responsible for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the (descriptive) information (including rates / prices / fees, policies & terms and conditions and availability) on our website.
Our website does not and should not constitute a recommendation or endorsement of the quality, level of service, qualification, classification (stars) or type of accommodation of a travel provider (or its facilities, venues, vehicles, (main or ancillary) products or services) are not to be regarded as such unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Our travel services are only available for private and non-commercial use.
You are therefore not permitted to distribute content or information, software, products or services available on our website for commercial or competitive purposes, to link to sub-pages of websites, to use, reproduce or extract (for example with Spider, Scrape), republish, upload or reproduce.
2. Prizes, “We offer the same price”, Genius program and offers from a partner company
The prices offered by the travel providers on our site are highly competitive.
All prices for your trip are shown including VAT and all other taxes (and are therefore subject to tax fluctuations) and all fees, unless otherwise stated on our website or in your confirmation email.
All ticket prices are per person or group and depend on the validity and expiry date stated on the ticket, if applicable.
Any fees and taxes (including tourist taxes / visitor's tax) can be charged by the travel agent in the event of no-shows or cancellations.
Occasionally, our website shows lower prices for certain stays in a hotel.
These prices set by the travel providers may be subject to special provisions, for example in relation to cancellations and the reimbursement of payments made.
Please check carefully before booking whether the respective product, service or booking conditions are subject to such separate conditions.
We want you to pay the lowest possible price for your product or service.
If you find your chosen accommodation with the same travel conditions and a lower price on the Internet after you have booked with us, we will adjust our price to the lower price according to the provisions of "We offer the same price".
Our “We are the same price” promise does not apply to non-accommodation related products and services.
The currency converter is for informational purposes only and can therefore not be regarded as accurate and valid.
Current prices may vary.
Obvious errors and mistakes (including printing errors) reserved.
All special offers and promotions are marked as such.
If they are not marked as such, you cannot derive any rights from them if the errors are obvious.
Genius-Programm
The Genius Rate is a reduced rate offered by participating accommodations for certain categories of rooms / accommodations.
The Genius Rate is for members of Booking.com's Genius program.
The Genius program is open to anyone with an account on the platform.
There are no membership fees; For membership you only need to complete 2 (two) stays in 2 (two) years.
Membership and Genius rates apply to the respective member and cannot be transferred.
Membership may also be tied to specific campaigns or incentive programs which, at Booking.com's sole discretion, may be launched or announced from time to time.
The Genius program currently offers 2 (two) membership levels, depending on the number of bookings made via the Booking.com platform, each with different discount levels for selected accommodations and / or selected options (10% and 15% respectively).
Membership levels may vary and are subject to change at Booking.com's sole discretion.
Booking.com reserves the right to revoke and revoke the Genius membership of individuals in the event of abuse, for example breach of these terms and conditions and / or the use of invalid credit cards.
Booking.com also reserves the right to revoke and terminate the Genius membership of any individual in the event of improper conduct such as violence, threats, harassment, discrimination, obscene conduct, or fraud against Booking.com (or their employees and agents) and / or the accommodation (or their employees and agents).
The Genius Rate cannot be combined with or used with any other discount (unless approved by the property or otherwise indicated).
Booking.com may, at its sole discretion, change (in part) the structure of the Genius program or any other feature of the program (including but not limited to the status of the corresponding Genius level (s)) for any reason and without notice , restrict or modify.
Genius membership is linked to your Booking.com account - it cannot end or expire unless you cancel, close, delete or otherwise discontinue your account.
Booking.com also reserves the right to deregister or otherwise deactivate an inactive account without notice to you.
An inactive account is defined as an account that has not been posted to for 5 (five) years.
If your account is deactivated, you will no longer be entitled to the benefits of the Genius program.
You can reactivate your account by making a qualifying booking using your Booking.com account.
Partner offer
Booking.com can display offers that do not come directly from travel providers, but are processed by a partner company of Booking.com, e.g. another platform (partner offer).
Partner offers are clearly displayed and differentiated from regular offers that come directly from travel providers and have the following special provisions, unless otherwise stated on our platform:
Price: as shown on our platform.
Pay in advance: You pay securely with Booking.com at the time of booking.
No Changes: After your booking is complete, no changes can be made to your personal details or your booking information.
Requests can be directed to the property but cannot be guaranteed.
Cannot be combined with other offers: Other offers, price advantages and rewards cannot be used for this booking.
No guest rating: It is not possible to leave a guest rating on our platform.
3. Privacy
Privacy and cookie policy for more information.
4. Free of charge for consumers, only travel providers pay!
Unless otherwise stated, our services are free of charge for consumers because, unlike many other providers, we will not invoice you for our travel service and no additional (booking) fees will be charged.
You pay the applicable amount to the Travel Supplier as stated in the booking (and, if not already included in the price, applicable taxes, duties and fees (if applicable)).
Travel providers pay a commission (a small percentage of the product price (e.g. room price)) to Booking.com after the end user has completed the service or the product of the travel provider (e.g. after the guest has stayed at (and paid for) the property.
Travel agents can increase their ranking by increasing their commission (increasing visibility).
The use of "Increase Visibility" (increase the commission for a higher ranking in the search results) is at the discretion of each travel company and can be used from time to time for different products on offer.
The placement algorithm takes into account an increase in commission for the default placement setting.
Preferred partners pay a higher commission and in return get a better position in the search results.
Only travel providers who have a (contractually regulated) business relationship with Booking.com are available via the platform (for their B2B and / or B2C advertising of their product).
Booking.com is not an open platform (like Amazon or eBay) on which end users can make their products available (not a C2C platform; Booking.com does not allow unprofessional parties to offer or sell their products on or through Booking.com.
5. Credit card or bank transfer
Where applicable, and where available, some Travel Providers will offer travel bookings with payment (in full or in part (in accordance with the travel provider's payment policy) to the travel provider.
Payment is made during travel bookings using secure online payment (as part of the service offered by your bank).
For certain products and services, Booking.com processes (via independent payment providers) the payment for the corresponding product or service (i.e. payment processing service) for and on behalf of the travel provider (Booking.com never acts as a contractual partner).
The payment process is securely from your credit / debit card or your bank account via an external payment processor to the travel provider's bank account.
For every payment that is processed and transferred to the travel provider for and on behalf of the travel provider, it is in any case the booking price or part of the booking price that you for the corresponding product or service in the final invoice of the (partially) due and payable price (bevrijdende betaling).
You cannot reclaim this amount paid.
Please note that for certain (non-refundable) rates or offers when booking travel, immediate payment by bank transfer (where possible) or credit card is required, and thus a pre-authorization or a charge to your credit card (sometimes without the possibility of a refund) becomes.
Please check the details of the selected product / service carefully in relation to separate provisions before you make the travel booking and this is confirmed.
Booking.com is not responsible for and will not be liable for any (legitimate, (alleged) unauthorized, or false) charge made by the Travel Supplier and you cannot claim a valid or authorized charge (back) from the Travel Supplier to your credit card (including prepayments, no-shows, and chargeable cancellations ).
In the event of credit card fraud or misuse of your credit card by third parties, most banks and credit card companies bear the risk and cover all costs resulting from fraud or abuse, sometimes with a deductible (usually EUR 50 (or the equivalent in a other currency)).
If your credit card company or bank expects you to pay a deductible due to misuse caused by booking on our website, we will reimburse you for the deductible of up to EUR 50 (or the equivalent in another currency).
To receive compensation, please ensure that you report this fraud to the credit card provider (as per their policy) and contact us immediately.
Please provide us with proof of the deductible that has been invoiced (e.g. the terms and conditions of the credit card company).
This reimbursement only applies to bookings made by credit card via the secure Booking.com server, whereby the unauthorized use of your credit card is due to an error or neglect on our part and is not based on any errors on your part in the use of the secure server.
6. Prepayment, cancellation, no-show and fine print
By booking a trip with a travel agent, you accept the travel agent's terms and conditions with regard to cancellations and no-shows, as well as all additional (delivery) terms and conditions of the travel agent that may come into effect in relation to your trip (including the fine print provided by the travel agent on our platform as well the terms of the travel provider), including services and / or products offered by the travel provider.
You can obtain the special provisions (for delivery / purchase / forwarding agent) of a travel agent from the respective travel agent.
The general terms and conditions of each travel provider regarding cancellations and no-shows are set out on the travel provider's information pages on our website, during the booking process and in your confirmation email or ticket (if applicable).
Please note that certain rates, fees, or offers may not be canceled, refunded, or changed.
In the event of a no-show or a chargeable cancellation, the travel provider may still charge tourism taxes.
Before booking, please carefully review the details of your selected product or service for separate terms.
Please note that a travel booking with a deposit or prepayment (all or part of the amount) can be canceled (without a prior reminder or reminder) insofar as the (outstanding) amount is not paid in full and in due time in accordance with the applicable payment guidelines of the travel provider and booking can be withdrawn.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary depending on the segment, product or service of each trip.
Please carefully check the fine print (under the travel types or at the end of the page of each travel provider on our platform) and the important information in your booking confirmation regarding additional provisions of the travel provider (e.g. age restrictions, damage deposit, non-cancellability / additional fees for group bookings, extra beds / not free of charge Breakfast, pets, accepted credit cards).
You take account of and risk for late payment, incorrect bank details, incorrect debit or credit card information, invalid credit or debit cards or insufficient funds.
In these cases, you are not entitled to a refund of the amount paid in advance (non-refundable), unless the travel provider allows this under its (advance) payment and cancellation policy.
If you would like to review, change or cancel your travel booking, please refer to your confirmation email and follow the instructions provided.
Please note that you may be charged a fee or you may not be entitled to a refund of the amount paid (in advance) in accordance with the travel provider's policy relating to cancellation, (prepayment) payment and no-show.
We recommend that you carefully read the travel provider's policy regarding cancellations, (prepayment) payment and no-shows before booking.
Please remember to make payments on time, as these may be necessary for the reservation.
If you arrive late or late or the next day on the day of arrival, please inform the travel provider (promptly / immediately) so that they know when you can expect your arrival and to cancel your trip (booking) or to charge a Avoid no show fee.
Our customer service department can assist you in notifying the travel agent if necessary.
Booking.com assumes no liability or responsibility for the consequences of your late arrival or any cancellation or no-show fee charged by the travel agent.
7. (Further) communication and correspondence
By completing your travel booking, you accept the receipt of i) an e-mail, which we may send you shortly before your arrival date, in which you will receive information about your destination and offers (including offers from third parties, if you have chosen this option) relevant to your travel booking and destination, as well as ii) an email after your arrival asking you to rate your experience with the travel supplier and travel service and (iii) an email that we may send you directly after your stay at the hotel asking you to fill out the guest review form.
Further information on how we may contact you can be found in the provisions on data protection and cookies.
Booking.com assumes no liability or responsibility for any communication from or with the travel provider on or via the platform.
You cannot assert any rights from inquiries, from communication with the travel provider or from (any form of) confirmations of receipt of a communication or an inquiry.
Booking.com cannot guarantee that requests or communications will be read / received / fulfilled / carried out / accepted by the travel provider (in a timely manner).
In order to complete your travel booking completely and securely, you must provide your correct e-mail address.
We are not responsible or liable for any incorrect or misspelled email addresses or incorrect (mobile) telephone numbers or credit card numbers and have no obligation to verify them.
Any claim or complaint against Booking.com or the travel service must be sent immediately, but in any event within 30 days of the scheduled day of use of the product or service (e.g. check-out date).
Any claim or complaint sent after this 30 day period may be refused and the claimant / claimant will lose their right to any compensation (damage or expense).
Due to the continuous updating and adjustment of prices and availability, we strongly recommend that you take screenshots when booking to support your point of view (if necessary).
For consumers (in the European Economic Area): We recommend that you inform us first of any complaints by contacting our customer service.
If this does not lead to a resolution of your complaint, you can upload it via the European Commission's ODR platform.
You can find this platform for online dispute resolution here: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
8. Ranking, Preferred Program, Stars and Guest Reviews
We would like to show you the search results that are relevant to you by offering a personalized standard ranking of transport service providers on our platform.
You can scroll through these standard rankings, use filters and sort according to alternative orders and thus have the option of influencing the display of the search results in order to obtain an order based on other criteria.
We use several algorithms to produce standard ranking results, and this process is constantly evolving.
Booking.com has determined the following parameters, which correlate most closely with the search for a suitable travel provider, and has therefore weighted such parameters accordingly in the algorithms (main parameters): your personal search history, the click-through rate from the search page to the hotel page ("CTR"), the number of bookings in relation to the number of visits to the travel provider's website on the platform ("conversion"), gross (including cancellations) and net bookings (excluding cancellations) by a travel provider.
Conversion and CTR can be influenced by various (standalone) factors, including ratings (both overall ratings and components), availability, guidelines, (competitive) pricing, quality of content and certain characteristics of the travel provider.
The commission percentage paid by the travel provider or other services to us (e.g. through business agreements with the travel provider or strategic partners) can also affect the standard ranking as well as the travel provider's proof of punctual payment.
The travel agent can also influence its standard ranking by participating in certain programs that are updated from time to time.
The programs include the Genius program, offers, the Preferred Partner program and the “Increased Visibility” program (for the latter two, the travel agent pays us a higher commission).
The star rating of a property displayed on Booking.com is not determined by Booking.com.
Each accommodation determines its own star rating or it is determined by an independent third-party provider for (objective) star ratings.
Offers are displayed based on the number of stars (sorted from low to high or high to low) that Booking.com providers specify.
Depending on the (regional) guidelines and possibilities, the star ratings are assigned either by an (independent) third party, for example an (official) hotel rating organization, or according to the property owner's own assessment, regardless of objective criteria.
Booking.com does not impose or review any official obligations regarding star ratings.
Overall, the star rating shows how a property compares to legal requirements (if applicable) or, if this is not required, to sector or (usual) industry norms for prices, amenities and available services (these requirements and standards could possibly be from Country to country and organization to organization differ).
So that guests can better find the right accommodation for their travel preferences, Booking.com can give certain accommodations a quality rating determined by Booking.com, which is displayed with yellow tiles.
To ensure comparability, the quality rating is based on over 400 features, which can be divided into five main categories: (i) Facilities / equipment / services offered by the property on Booking.com, (ii) Configuration of the property such as the size of the Unit, number of rooms and occupancy, (iii) number and quality of the photos uploaded by the accommodation, (iv) average guest review result and certain individual ratings, e.g. for cleanliness, as these have proven to be particularly helpful for customers in evaluating the quality of certain accommodations and (v) anonymized and aggregated past booking data (e.g. to assess the star rating of the booked accommodations).
We use these different characteristics to derive statistical patterns.
On the basis of this information, an analysis is carried out with the help of machine learning, the results of which lead to an automatically calculated quality rating (between 1 and 5, indicated by 1-5 yellow tiles next to the name of the property) and assigned to the property.
Only customers who have stayed at a property will be invited by Booking.com to comment on their stay at the property and rate certain aspects of their stay or may be asked to rate them during their stay.
The completed guest review (including the review submitted during your stay) can a) be loaded onto the relevant information page of the travel provider on our website.
This serves exclusively to inform (future) guests about the service and the further quality of the travel provider.
In addition, the completed guest rating b) can be used at the discretion of Booking.com (in whole or in part) (for marketing, advertising or to improve the service) on our website or social media platforms, in the newsletter, for offers, Apps and other sales channels that are owned by Booking.com or managed, used or controlled by Booking.com and / or its business partners.
In order to be able to offer up-to-date (and therefore relevant) reviews, reviews can only be submitted within a limited period of time (3 months) after the stay, and each review is only for a limited time (up to 36 months) after it has been put online available.
The standard setting of the ranking of the reviews is based on the date on which they were put online and some other criteria (e.g. language, reviews with comments), whereby a review by a customer who [always] gives comprehensive and detailed reviews ("travel detective") ), could be displayed at the top.
You can choose different evaluation categories and filters (e.g. target group, date, language, evaluation result).
Booking.com allows travel providers to respond to reviews.
We reserve the right to adjust, reject or remove any reviews that violate our review guidelines.
Customers who leave a review are neither compensated nor rewarded in any other way by Booking.com.
The guest review form can be viewed as a kind of survey and does not contain any further (commercial) offers, invitations or other advertising measures.
Booking.com is committed to its best efforts to control and remove reviews that contain profanity or mention of an individual name or reference to stolen property.
Booking.com does not accept reviews that contain:
Obscene, violent, hateful, offensive / pornographic, discriminatory or threatening content
Mention of full names, personal attacks on employees
Promotion of illegal activities (e.g. drug abuse, prostitution)
Pages, emails and addresses, phone numbers, credit card details
Politically sensitive comments
Booking.com and the travel provider are each entitled to terminate the partnership at any time, regardless of the reasons (including in the event of breach of contract and bankruptcy (filing)), taking into account the relevant notice period agreed by both parties.
9. Disclaimer of Liability
In accordance with the regulations of these general terms and conditions and within the framework of the statutory provisions, we are only liable for direct damage that you have incurred as a result of non-fulfillment of our obligations in relation to our services, but only up to the amount of the total travel booking amount as stated on the confirmation Email is specified (both for one event and for a series of interrelated events).
Within the framework of the statutory provisions, neither we nor members of the board of directors, managing directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, partner companies, sales partners, affiliate (sales) partners, license holders, agents or other persons involved in the development, sponsorship, or the Support of the site or its content or make the site and its content available in any other way, for i) liability for damages, concrete or indirect damage as well as consequential damage, loss of performance, loss of profit, loss of income, loss of contract, loss of business reputation, loss of entitlement , ii) Inaccuracies in relation to the (descriptive) information (including prices, availability and ratings) about the travel provider as it is made available on our website, iii) the services offered or the products of the travel providers or other business partners, iv) Schä the (indirect, direct, consequential or liability to pay damages) and losses or costs that you have incurred from or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our website, or v) (personal) injury, death, property damage or other damages (indirect, direct, concrete, consequential damages or obligations to pay damages) and losses or costs that you have incurred; Regardless of whether these legal acts, errors, breaches of contract, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, inaccurate representations, illegal acts or liability for success, which (in whole or in part) the travel agent or any other of our business partners (his employees, his management, his Agents, its agents, subcontractors or its partner companies) whose products and services (directly or indirectly) are made available, advertised or offered on or through our website, including (partial) cancellations, overbooking, strikes, force majeure or other events beyond our control.
Booking.com is not responsible (and disclaims any liability) for the use, validity, quality, suitability, and disclosure of the trip and makes no representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, including implied warranties regarding usability, title, non-infringement of rights or usability for a specific purpose.
You acknowledge and agree that the relevant Travel Supplier is solely responsible and liable for the trip (including any warranties and representations made by the Travel Supplier).
Booking.com is not a (res) seller of the trip.
Complaints or claims regarding the trip (including regarding the price offered (special offer), policy or special requests from customers) must be handled by the Travel Supplier.
Booking.com is not responsible (and disclaims any liability) for any complaints, claims or (product) liability.
You acknowledge and agree that in each case the travel provider is responsible for the collection, withholding, transferring and payment of the taxes for the total price (of the trip) to the relevant tax authority, regardless of whether you are pay for (or have paid for) the trip directly or whether we will handle the payment of the price or the fee (the trip).
Booking.com is not liable or responsible for the collection, withholding, transferring or payment of any taxes incurred on the price or fee (trip) to the relevant tax authority.
Booking.com does not act as a contractual partner for any products or services offered on the platform.
By uploading photos / images on our site (e.g. as an addition to ratings), you confirm, guarantee and agree that you own the copyright for these photos / images.
You further agree that Booking.com may use the uploaded photos / images on its (mobile) website and app as well as for (online / offline) promotional material and publications at Booking.com's discretion.
You grant Booking.com a nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, perpetual right and license to use, reproduce, display, distribute, sublicense, communicate and available the photos / images at Booking.com's discretion close.
By uploading these photos / images, the person uploading the images accepts full legal and moral responsibility for any legal claims made by third parties (including but not limited to property owners) resulting from the use or publication of these photos / images by Booking.com at.
Booking.com does not own or endorse any of the photos / images uploaded.
The accuracy, validity and the right to use all of these photos / images rests with the person who uploaded the photo and is not the responsibility of Booking.com.
Booking.com accepts no responsibility or liability for the photos uploaded.
The person who uploaded the photo guarantees that the photos / images do not contain viruses, Trojans, infected files, pornographic, illegal, obscene, offensive, illegal or inappropriate materials and no rights (intellectual property rights, copyrights, privacy rights ) Injure third party.
Photos / images that do not meet the aforementioned criteria will not be published and / or may be removed / deleted by Booking.com at any time without prior notice.
10. Intellectual property
Unless otherwise stated, the software used and available on our services or our platform, as well as the intellectual property (including copyrights) in the content and applications on our platform, are owned by Booking.com BV, its travel providers or providers.
Booking.com has exclusive ownership of all rights, titles, and usage rights (all intellectual property) (appearance and design (including infrastructure)) of the platform on which the service is available (including guest reviews and translated content).
You are not authorized to copy, scrape, link (through hyperlinks or deeplinks), publish, advertise or market any content or the Booking.com brand (including any translations and guest reviews) without our explicit written permission. integrate, relate, use, connect or otherwise exploit.
Should you use or combine our (translated) content (including guest reviews) (in whole or in part) or have any intellectual property rights in the platform or any (translated) content (including guest reviews), you assign this and transfer it to Booking. com.
Any unlawful use and any of the aforesaid acts or conduct constitutes a material violation of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database copyright).
11. Applicable law, place of jurisdiction and dispute resolution
These terms and conditions and the provision of our services are governed by Dutch law and should be interpreted accordingly.
Regardless of the previous choice of jurisdiction, a natural person who uses our services for a purpose that cannot be attributed to their professional or commercial activity (hereinafter also "consumer") can invoke the mandatory provisions of the law of the state, in which they have their habitual residence (ie provisions that must apply in accordance with the choice of law of the country mentioned, regardless of this choice of law clause; hereinafter “mandatory provisions”).
All disputes arising from these terms and conditions and our services will only be brought before the competent courts in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Notwithstanding the above agreement on the place of jurisdiction, claims by a consumer with regard to the enforcement of the relevant, applicable mandatory provisions can also be brought before the courts of the state in which the consumer is domiciled, and claims against a consumer can only be brought before the courts of the state in which the consumer is domiciled Consumer is domiciled.
For consumers (in the European Economic Area): We recommend that you inform us first of any complaints by contacting our customer service.
If this does not lead to a resolution of your complaint, you can upload it via the European Commission's ODR platform.
You can find this platform for online dispute resolution here: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
The German translation is based on the English original.
The translated version of the English Terms is a courtesy translation and is for informational and internal company purposes only.
In the event of any dispute, inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and the version in any other language, the English version shall apply and be binding within the framework of statutory provisions.
The English version can be found on our platform (if you choose English as the language) or will be sent to you in writing on request.
If one of the provisions of this contract is or becomes ineffective, not enforceable or non-binding, this shall not affect all other provisions applicable to the contractual partners.
In this case, the contractual partners shall replace the ineffective or non-binding provision within the framework of the statutory provisions with an effective and binding provision that, in view of the content and purpose of this contract, has, as far as possible, a similar effect to the ineffective, non-enforceable or non-binding provision Has.
12. About Booking.com and the support companies
The travel service is provided by Booking.com B.V. , a private limited company with Dutch jurisdiction and registered office at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, The Netherlands; registered with the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce under registration number 31047344. The VAT identification number is NL805734958B01.
Booking.com, headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is supported by numerous partner support companies around the world.
The support companies are used exclusively for internal support in favor of Booking.com.
Certain support companies offer limited customer service (only over the phone).
The support companies do not own a platform (and do not operate, control or maintain the platform in any way).
The support companies have no power of attorney to provide the service, to represent Booking.com or to enter into a contract in the name of, for or on behalf of Booking.com.
The support companies do not operate as process and travel service agents for Booking.com, nor are they authorized to do so.
Apart from the registered office in Amsterdam, Booking.com does not accept any location or office in the world (including the offices of the support companies).
