Ryanair Group Website Terms of Use
1. General
This website is owned by Ryanair DAC, an Irish company, registration number.
104547, Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, Co. Dublin, Irland („Ryanair“).
By using this website you agree that you are legally bound by these terms of use and that you are acting in accordance with them.
In particular, you agree to refrain from the actions prohibited in accordance with paragraphs 3 to 5 below.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not permitted to use this website and you agree not to do so.
2. Exclusive online sales channel
This website is the only website authorized to sell Ryanair Group flights (which also includes Ryanair DAC, Ryanair Sun, Ryanair UK and Laudamotion) alone or in connection with other services including other services.
Price comparison websites may request Ryanair to enter into a written license agreement that allows such websites to access information from Ryanair Group airlines on prices, flights and flight times for the sole purpose of price comparison.
3. Permitted Use
You may only use this website for private, non-commercial purposes.
The use of automated systems or software, regardless of whether these are operated by third parties or otherwise, to extract data from this website for commercial purposes ("screen scraping") is strictly prohibited.
Ryanair reserves the right to take appropriate action in the event of unauthorized use of this website, including bringing legal proceedings without notice.
4. All rights reserved to ensure permitted use and / or to prevent unauthorized use.
Ryanair reserves the full right to take all measures deemed necessary to defend their rights and prevent such unauthorized use, including the use of, against all parties involved in the unauthorized use of its website, and without prior notice Blocking technologies (which may themselves include the execution of automated searches on the websites of these parties as well as screen scraping on these pages, the triggering of screen scraping on the Ryanair website by these parties, violations of the terms of use of the websites of these parties or similar or with it related acts) and / or the initiation of legal proceedings.
5. Ryanair Consent to Investigate Violations.
Ryanair reserves the absolute right to conduct any necessary investigations into violations (whether technology-based or otherwise) of these Terms of Use.
By accessing this website you agree that Ryanair can carry out all necessary investigations to prevent unauthorized use of the website.
6. Intellectual property
All information, data and materials on this website, including names, logos, flight plans, prices etc. as well as the color scheme and layout of the website are protected by copyright, trademark law, database protection law and / or other laws relating to intellectual property.
You may only use this content to the extent that it is absolutely necessary for private, non-commercial purposes.
Any other use and / or reproduction of the content is prohibited without the prior written consent of Ryanair, constitutes a violation of these Terms of Use and may infringe Ryanair's intellectual property rights.
7. Links to this website
You are not authorized to set up and / or operate links to this website without the prior written consent of Ryanair.
8. Limited Liability
Ryanair is not liable for any loss and / or damage resulting from the use of this website or any other website to which a link on this website refers and / or from the use of the information contained therein.
9. Applicable law and place of jurisdiction
It is a prerequisite for the use of any Ryanair Group website, including access to information on flight details, costs, etc., that each contracting party submit to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Ireland and the application of the laws in that jurisdiction (subject to other mandatory consumer law provisions).
This also includes all parties who access such information or institutions on their own behalf or on behalf of others.
It is at Ryanair's sole discretion to initiate proceedings against the relevant party in the event of a breach of these terms and conditions, with the place of jurisdiction either in Ireland, the country in which the breach of contract took place, or at the registered office of the relevant party or, if more than one party, on Seat of one party, with the other parties submitting to this jurisdiction.
For a better understanding, it should be noted that if a passenger or person who has been or is to be carried under a contract of carriage with a Ryanair Group airline wishes to initiate proceedings against a Ryanair Group airline in connection with this contract of carriage , only the provisions of the Montreal Agreement 1999 and EU regulation 2027/1997 (as amended by EU regulation 889/2002) in the currently valid version apply.
