Snap Group Limited Terms of Use
(If you live outside of the US)
Valid from: January 10, 2017
Welcome!
We are delighted that you have chosen Snapchat and our other products and services, which for the sake of simplicity we will collectively refer to as “Services”.
We have drawn up these Terms of Use (the “Terms”) so that you know the rules governing our relationship with you.
Although we tried not to use legal German for these terms, some sections sound like a normal contract.
There is good reason for this: These terms are indeed a legally binding contract between you and Snap Group Limited.
So please read them carefully.
By using the services, you agree to the terms.
It goes without saying that you should not use the services if you do not agree to the terms.
These terms apply if you live outside the United States or use the Services on behalf of a company based outside the United States.
If you live in the United States or use the Services on behalf of a company located there, the Snap Inc. Terms of Use apply.
NOTICE ON ARBITRATION: IF YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, THAT COMPANY IS SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE SET FORTH BELOW IN THESE TERMS OF USE.
1. Who is allowed to use the services?
Persons under the age of 13 are not allowed to open an account or use the services.
We may offer additional services with additional terms that require you to be older.
So read the complete terms and conditions carefully.
By using the services, you confirm the following:
You are able to enter into a legally binding contract with Snap Group Limited.
You have not been prohibited from using the Services by any law of the United States, the United Kingdom or any other applicable jurisdiction; H. you are not on the US Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals or are not subject to any similar prohibition.
You will comply with these terms and conditions as well as all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other legal person, you certify that you are authorized to grant all licenses listed in these terms and to agree to the terms on behalf of the company or legal person.
2. Rights We Grant You
Snap Group Limited grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services.
This license applies only to your use of the Services in a manner that complies with these terms and conditions and our usage guidelines, such as our Community Guidelines.
You can automatically download any software we provide.
You can also install upgrades, updates or other new features.
You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads in your device settings.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or rent any part of our services.
You are also not allowed to reverse engineer the software or attempt to extract its source code, unless such restrictions are prohibited by law or we have given our written consent.
3. Rights You Grant Us
Many of our services allow you to create, upload, post, send, receive and save content.
In doing so, you retain all of the ownership rights to the content to which you were originally entitled.
But you grant us a license to use this content.
How comprehensive this license is depends on the services you use and the settings you have chosen.
For all services except Live Stories, Local Stories and other crowdsourcing services, you grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and its partner companies a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, change, customize , Edit, publish, and distribute this content for as long as you use the services.
This license is granted solely for the purpose of operating, further developing, making available, promoting and improving the services as well as researching and developing new services.
Since Live Stories, Local Stories and other crowdsourcing services are generally public and of general interest, the license you grant us with regard to the content sent to these services is broader.
In addition to granting the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph, you are also granting us a license to create derivative works from the content sent to Live Stories, Local Stories or other crowdsourcing services and to promote, display, broadcast, syndicate and sub-license your content , publicly perform and publicly display, in any form and in any (existing or future developed) media and distribution channels.
If you appear in Live Stories, Local Stories or other crowdsourcing content, create, upload, post or send them, you grant Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and our partners and business partners unrestricted worldwide rights and rights to the extent necessary unrestricted, worldwide license to use your name, your picture and your voice.
This means, among other things, that you are not entitled to compensation from Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. or our partners and business partners if your name, picture or voice is either in the context of Live Stories, Local Stories or other crowdsourcing services the Snapchat app or on the platforms of one of our business partners.
You can find more information on how to customize who can see your content in our privacy policy and on the support website.
Although we are under no obligation to do so, we may access, review, view and delete your content at any time and for any reason.
This is especially true if we believe they are violating the Terms.
However, you remain solely responsible for the content created, uploaded, posted, sent or stored by you through the Services.
The services may contain advertising.
In return for Snap Group Limited allowing you to access and use the Services, you agree that we, Snap Inc., our group companies and external partners may place advertisements within the Services, including personalized advertisements on the information that you provide to us or that we collect about you.
Because the Services contain content that you and other users provide to us, advertisements may sometimes appear near your content.
We are always interested in feedback from our users.
However, if you voluntarily send us feedback or suggestions, you should know that we can use your ideas for free.
4. The content of others
Much of the content on our services is created by users, publishers and other third parties.
Regardless of whether the content is posted publicly or sent privately, it is the sole responsibility of the person or organization that submitted it.
Although Snap Group Limited reserves the right to review all content displayed on the Services and to delete any content that violates these terms, we do not necessarily review all content.
We therefore cannot and do not accept any responsibility for the content provided by others as part of the services.
With these conditions and our community guidelines, we make it clear that we do not want any misuse of the services.
However, since we do not check all content, we cannot guarantee that the content within the framework of the services always complies with these conditions or our guidelines.
5. Privacy
The protection of your privacy is important to us.
You can find out more about how your information is handled when you use our services in our privacy policy.
We recommend that you read the privacy policy carefully because by using our services you consent to your information being collected and processed by Snap Group Limited in the UK and Snap Inc. in the USA and their partners and outside of the country in which you are your place of residence, including to countries that may not have the same data protection laws as your home country.
6. Respect the rights of others
Snap Group Limited respects the rights of others.
And you should do that too.
Therefore, you should not use the services in such a way that they:
Violate or infringe the public, data protection, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of others.
bully, harass, or bully others.
slander others.
annoy our users with spam or unwanted contacts.
You must also respect the rights of Snap Group Limited and its partners, including Snap Inc.
These conditions do not give you any right
use the brand names, logos, designs, photos, videos or other materials used in the context of our services.
Copy, archive, download, upload, distribute, syndicate, broadcast, perform, display, make available or otherwise use any part of the Services or the contents of the Services, unless otherwise provided in these Terms.
to use the services, tools provided as part of the services or the content of the services for commercial purposes without our consent.
In short, you may not use the Services or the content of the Services in any way that you are not authorized to do under these Terms.
You are also not allowed to help anyone else do this.
7. Respect for copyrights
We respect the copyright.
We therefore take appropriate steps to remove material that violates third-party rights from our services as soon as we become aware of it.
If Snap Group Limited learns that a user is repeatedly violating copyrights, we will take appropriate measures as far as possible to close that user's account.
You can easily report potential copyright violations.
If you believe that any content on the Services violates a copyright or copyright law of use that you have, please fill out this form.
You can also contact our copyright officer:
Snap Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
63 Market Street
Venice, CA 90291, USA
Email: copyright@snap.com
When you send a notice to our copyright officer, the following applies:
It must contain a handwritten or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder.
The copyrighted work that was allegedly infringed must be specified.
The material must be identified that is suspected of infringing copyright or that is the subject of the alleged infringing act and that is to be removed or access to which is to be blocked.
Sufficient information must also be provided so that we can locate the material.
It must contain your contact details including your address, telephone number and email address.
A personal statement must be made that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or any legal provision.
You must state that the information contained in the notification is accurate and affirm that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder.
8. Security
We strive to make the services safe for all users.
However, we cannot guarantee that.
This is where you come in.
By using the services, you agree that:
you are not using the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited under these Terms;
you do not use any robots, spiders, crawlers, scrapers or other automatic processes or interfaces to access our services or to collect the data of other users;
you do not use or develop any external apps that interact with our services or the content or information of other users without our written consent;
you do not use the Services in a way that disrupts, interrupts, adversely affects or prevents the unrestricted use of the Services by other users, or in a way that damages, deactivates, overloads or impairs the operation of the Services in any way;
you do not use or attempt to use other users' accounts, usernames or passwords without their consent;
you will not ask other users for their credentials;
you will not post any content that contains pornography, depictions of violence, threats, hate speech or calls to violence;
you do not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services;
you do not attempt to circumvent content filtering procedures or unauthorized access to areas or features of the Services;
not to check, scan or investigate our services or any other system or network for vulnerabilities;
you will not encourage or promote actions that violate these Terms.
Your safety when using our services is also important to us.
Therefore, do not use our services in a way that violates traffic rules or safety laws.
For example, please never snap while driving.
And don't put yourself or others at risk when you try to snap something cool.
9. Your account
You are responsible for all activities that happen in your Snapchat account.
That is why it is important that you secure your account.
For this you should z. For example, choose a secure password that you won't use for any other account.
By using the services, you not only agree to behavior in the sense of common sense, but also to the following:
You're not creating multiple accounts for yourself.
If we have deactivated your account, you will not create a new one unless you have our written consent to do so.
You do not buy, sell, rent or rent access to your Snapchat account, Live Stories, Snaps, a Snapchat username or a friendship link to another Snapchatter without our written consent.
You do not give your password to anyone else.
You are not logging into or accessing the Services using unauthorized applications or third-party clients.
If you suspect that a stranger may have access to your account, contact Snapchat support directly.
10. Memorys
Memorys is our archiving service that makes it easier for you to access your favorite snaps anytime, anywhere and to indulge in memories.
By agreeing to these terms, you will automatically activate memories.
Once Memorys is activated, it will remain so as long as your Snapchat account exists.
However, you always have the option to switch off certain memory functions in the settings.
One of the features of Memorys is that you can create a restricted area by setting up a passcode.
The passcode can be a PIN, passphrase, or some other mechanism.
The whole thing is similar to the device lock function that is available for many smartphones.
Setting up a passcode reduces the chances that other people who get their hands on your device can see what you have saved in the restricted area of ​​memories.
But beware!
If you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or enter the wrong passcode too often, you will be denied access to any content that you have stored in the restricted area of ​​Memories.
We do not offer the possibility of recovering your passcode for this restricted area.
You are solely responsible for not forgetting your passcode.
You can find more information about passcodes on our support website.
There are several reasons why your content in Memories may not be available, for example technical difficulties or a decision on our part to terminate your account.
Since we cannot promise that your content will be available at all times, we recommend that you make separate copies of it.
We cannot promise you that Memorys will always have enough storage capacity to meet your personal storage needs.
We reserve the right to limit the storage space in memories and to adjust this limit from time to time at our own discretion.
And as with our other services, it can happen that memory takes up the storage space of your mobile device and additional data charges may arise.
You are not allowed to sell any functions of Memories.
In other words, you may not use Memorys to run your own data storage or distribution service for a third party.
11. Data charges and cell phones
You are responsible for all cell phone charges incurred through the use of our services.
This also applies to SMS and data charges.
If you don't know what these fees are, you should check with your provider before using the services.
If your mobile phone number, which is linked to your account, changes or is deactivated, you must update the account data via the settings within 72 hours so that we do not send messages addressed to you to someone else.
12. Third Party Services
If you use a service, feature or function from a third party provider that is provided through our services (including the services that we jointly offer with the third party provider), the contractual relationship between you and the relevant party is subject to the respective terms of use.
Neither Snap Group Limited nor Snap Inc. is responsible for any third party's terms of use or actions taken under them.
13. Change and Termination of Services
We are constantly improving and adding to our services.
This means that we may add or remove features, products or functions, or we may completely suspend or terminate all services.
We can take any of these measures at any time.
If we do, we'll try to let you know in advance, but it won't always be possible.
While we hope you stay a Snapchatter forever, you can cancel these terms at any time for any reason by deleting your account.
Snap Group Limited can also terminate these terms and conditions towards you at any time for any reason.
And although we will try to let you know in advance, we cannot guarantee it.
Our right to terminate these terms and conditions means that we may stop providing services to you or that we may introduce new or additional restrictions on service use.
So we can z. B. deactivate your account because you have been inactive for a long time, or reclaim your username at any time and for any reason.
Regardless of who terminates these Terms, you and Snap Group Limited will continue to be bound by Sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 13 through 22 of these Terms.
14. Release from Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you consent to Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and our partners, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents regarding any complaints, lawsuits, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and indemnify, defend and hold harmless expenses (including legal fees) arising in connection with (a) your access to or use of the Services, (b) your content, and (c) your breach of these Terms .
15. Disclaimers
We make every effort to offer the services without disruption.
But we can't promise you that it will always work.
The Services are provided "as is" and "as available" and to the extent permitted by law without any express or implied warranties of any kind, including any implied warranties, conditions or other provisions relating to merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, for Existence of legal claims, undisturbed use, non-infringement of third-party rights or those that arise from commercial usage.
In addition, Snap Group Limited strives to ensure a good user experience, but we neither guarantee nor warrant that (a) the services are always secure, error-free or available on time, (b) the services always without delays, disruptions or Errors work, or that (c) the content or information you receive as part of the Services is current or correct.
Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and their partners assume no responsibility or liability for any content that you, any other user or a third party create, upload, post, send, receive or store on the Services.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that is offensive, illegal, misleading or otherwise inappropriate; Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. or their partners assume no responsibility in this regard.
16. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. and our partners, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, licensors and agents will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or for any punitive or multiple damages, or for any loss of profit or income, Regardless of whether these have arisen directly or indirectly, or for data loss, downtime, impairment in goodwill or other immaterial losses resulting from (a) your use or inability to use the services, (b) your access or your inability to access the Services, (c) the behavior or content of other users or third parties within the framework of the Services, or (d) unauthorized access or unauthorized use or modification of your content, even if Snap Group Limited suspects the possibility of such damage was pointed out.
In no event shall Snap Group Limited, Snap Inc. or its affiliates' total liability for any claims relating to the Services exceed £ 100 or any amount you may have paid Snap Group Limited over the past 12 months.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN DAMAGES.
SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
17. Dispute resolution; arbitration
If you have a concern: let's talk about it.
Talk to us and get in touch and we will do our best to resolve the matter.
Some of our services may have additional terms that contain dispute resolution rules that only apply to that service or your country of residence.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a company (rather than for your personal use), you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and disputes between us arising out of or in relation to these Terms or your use of the Services, to the extent that legally permissible within the framework of the LCIA arbitration rules, which are incorporated by reference in this clause, are finally settled.
There will be an arbitrator (to be appointed by the LCIA), the arbitration venue will be London and the arbitration will be conducted in English.
If you do not want to agree to this clause, you may not use our services.
18. Exclusive place of jurisdiction
To the extent that these terms permit the parties to initiate legal proceedings, you and Snap Group Limited agree that all claims and litigation (whether contractual, tort or otherwise) arising from the terms or the use of the Services or related to it, may only be heard in the English courts in the UK, unless prohibited by the laws of the country in which you are resident.
You and Snap Group Limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts.
19. Choice of Law
These terms and conditions, and any claims and disputes arising out of or related to these terms and conditions or their subject matter, whether contractual or otherwise, are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
The courts of some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales in relation to some disputes related to these Terms.
If you are a resident of any of these countries, the laws of your home country may apply to these disputes.
20. Severability Clause
If any provision of these terms is unenforceable, it will be deemed separable from the remaining terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms.
21. Additional Terms for Certain Services
Given the range of our services, we sometimes need to write additional regulations for certain services.
If you use these services, these additional provisions, which are attached to the respective services, become part of your contract with us.
If any part of the additional terms conflict with these terms and conditions, the additional terms shall prevail.
22. Final Terms
These terms and conditions (together with any additional terms applicable to certain services you use) form the entire agreement between you and Snap Group Limited and supersede all previous agreements.
These terms do not create or confer any rights to any third party beneficiary.
Failure to enforce any part of these terms will not count as a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You are not authorized to transfer your rights or obligations under these terms without our consent.
Contact
Snap Group Limited welcomes your comments, questions, remarks, and suggestions.
You can use this online form to send us feedback or receive support.
The company responsible for the services outside the US is called Snap Group Limited and is based at 7-11 Lexington Street, London W1F 9AF, UK.
Its company registration number is 09763672. Authorized Representative: David Lewis, Director.
USt.-ID: GB 237218316.
