TripAdvisor Terms of Use
Welcome to the TripAdvisor website or mobile resources such as related applications (collectively this "Website").
This website is provided only to enable customers to gather travel information, comment on travel-related matters, participate in interactive travel forums and search for trips, and make travel reservations.
No other purposes are foreseen.
The terms "we", "us", "our" and "TripAdvisor" refer to TripAdvisor LLC and our affiliate partners and websites (collectively, "TripAdvisor").
The term "you" refers to the customer who visits the website and / or provides content on this website.
This website is offered to you on the condition that you accept all of the following general terms of use (collectively the "Agreement") unchanged.
By accessing or using this website in any way, you agree to be bound by the agreement and declare that you have read and understood its terms.
Please read the Agreement carefully as it contains information about your rights and limitations on those rights, as well as a section on applicable law and venue in the event of a dispute.
If you do not accept all of these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use this website.
e may change or otherwise adapt this Agreement in the future in accordance with the Terms of Use set forth herein, and you acknowledge and agree that by continuing to access or use this website after such change, you accept the updated or amended Agreement .
We will include the date at the bottom of this page that the Agreement was last revised, and all revisions will take effect when they are terminated.
We will notify our members of material changes to these Terms of Use by either sending a notification to the e-mail address provided during registration or by posting a corresponding notice on our website.
Please visit this page periodically to review the current version of the Agreement.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
As a condition of your use of this website, you warrant that (i) all information you provide on this website is correct, accurate and complete; (ii) if you have a TripAdvisor account, you protect your account information and any use of yours Monitor accounts by anyone other than you and are fully responsible for doing so, (iii) you are at least 14 years old when you register for an account and post content on our website, and (iv) you are authorized to enter into this Agreement and this To use the website in accordance with all terms of use stated here.
TripAdvisor does not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 14.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to deny anyone access to this website and the services we offer at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to a breach of this Agreement.
Copying, transmitting, reproducing, reproducing, adjusting or redistributing any part of the website content is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of TripAdvisor.
To request consent from TripAdvisor, please write to the following address:
Director, Partnerships and Business Development
TripAdvisor LLC
400 1st Avenue
Needham, MA 02494, USA
Users of the website are not charged any fee for using the website in accordance with these Terms of Use.
However, the website contains links to external websites operated by and owned by independent service providers or retailers.
These third parties may charge a fee for the use of certain content or services provided on the website.
Therefore, before entering into any transactions with any third party, you should do whatever research you think is necessary or appropriate to determine if any fees will be incurred.
If TripAdvisor provides details of fees on the website, that information is provided for informational purposes only.
TripAdvisor in no way guarantees that this information is accurate, and TripAdvisor is in no way responsible for any content or services available on these external websites.
INVALID ACTIVITIES
The content and information on this website (including messages, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, videos, maps, symbols, software, code or other material) and the infrastructure used to provide this content and information are our property.
You agree that you will not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, transmit, sell, resell, or make adaptations of any information, software programs, products or services obtained from or through this website.
You further agree not to:
(i) use of this website or its contents for business purposes;
(ii) monitor or copy any content or information from this website or access it by robots, spiders, scrapers or other automated means or by any manual process for any purpose without our express written consent;
(iii) violate any restrictions contained in the header of this website with regard to the exclusion of automatic robots, or circumvent or skip any other measures by which access to this website is to be prevented or restricted;
(iv) Take any action which, in our discretion, creates or may create an unreasonable or disproportionately high load on our infrastructure;
(v) deep linking any part of this website for any purpose without our express written consent;
(vi) Creating "frames" or mirrors of any part of this website or integrating it in any other way into another website without our prior written consent or
(vii) Attempt to change, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer software programs used by TripAdvisor in connection with the Website or the Services.
PRIVACY STATEMENT AND DISCLOSURES
TripAdvisor protects your data.
All of the personal data you post on the website will be used in accordance with our privacy policy.
Click here to view our privacy policy.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, AND USE OF OTHER INTERACTIVE AREAS
We'd love to hear from you.
However, please note the following: By sending content to this website by e-mail, by posting on this website or in any other way, including hotel reviews, questions, photographs or videos, comments, suggestions, ideas or similar content sent ( collectively "Submissions"), you grant TripAdvisor and its affiliate partners a nonexclusive, royalty-free, permanent, transferable, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, publicly display and Demonstration of these submissions and to create edits thereof around the world, on all media currently known or developed in the future, and for any purpose; and (b) use of the name you submitted in connection with the submission.
You acknowledge that TripAdvisor may use your comments or ratings at its own discretion, including your name.
You also grant TripAdvisor the right to bring legal action against any person or company who violates your rights or TripAdvisor's rights in the Submissions by breaching this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that submissions are non-confidential and unprotected.
TripAdvisor does not edit or control any user messages posted on this website, including in chat rooms or on bulletin boards or other communication forums, and TripAdvisor is in no way responsible or responsible for such user messages.
However, TripAdvisor reserves the right to remove user messages and / or website content in its sole discretion and for any reason without notice.
This website may contain discussion forums, bulletin boards, review services or other forums where you or a third party can post reviews of travel experiences or other content, news, materials or other elements on this website ("Interactive Areas").
If TripAdvisor provides such interactive areas, you are solely responsible for your use of these interactive areas and use them at your own risk.
By using interactive areas, you expressly agree not to upload or transmit any of the following content to this website, or to post, distribute, save, create or otherwise publish any of the following:
News, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, code or other material ("Content") that is false, unlawful, misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, offensive, lewd, suggestive or discriminatory or or advocate discrimination against another person, contain threats, violate the right to privacy or personal rights, or are offensive, inflammatory, fraudulent or objectionable in any other way;
Content that is manifestly offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, fanaticism, hatred or physical violence against any group or person;
Content that depicts, provides, promotes or encourages instructions to conduct an illegal activity or criminal act, creates civil liability, violates the rights of third parties, or otherwise violates any regional, state, national or international law applicable to you inter alia, violate the regulations of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or the rules of a stock exchange, including the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), NASDAQ or the London Stock Exchange, or create a corresponding liability;
Content that provides instructions on illegal activities such as making or buying banned weapons, invading the privacy of others, or providing or creating a computer virus;
Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right or trade secret or other intellectual property right of any party.
In particular, content that encourages the illegal or unauthorized copying of other people's copyrighted works, such as the provision of pirated computer programs or links to them, the provision of information to circumvent copy protection devices installed by the manufacturer, or the provision of pirated music or links to pirated ones Music files;
Content that impersonates another person or company or misrepresents your affiliation with another person or company, including TripAdvisor;
Unsolicited promotional material, bulk email or spam, junk mail, chain letters, content in support of political campaigns, advertising, sweepstakes, raffles or solicitation;
Content that depicts business or sales activities, such as competitions, raffles, barter deals, advertising and pyramid schemes without prior written consent;
Third party private information, including but not limited to last names (family names), addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers, and credit card numbers;
restricted or password-protected pages or hidden pages or images (elements that are not linked to or from another accessible page); viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, dangerous or destructive files;
Content unrelated to the theme of the interactive areas in which the content was posted; or
Content or links to content that, in TripAdvisor's sole discretion, (a) violates any of the preceding subsections of this document, (b) objectionable, (c) anyone else's use or enjoyment of the use of the Interactive Areas or this website Restrict or prevent persons or (d) expose TripAdvisor or its affiliate partners or users to damage or liability of any kind.
TripAdvisor is not responsible and assumes no liability for any content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or any loss or damage related thereto; TripAdvisor is also not responsible for any errors, insults, defamation, defamation, omissions, falsehoods, profanity, pornography or disrespect that may appear in your content.
As a provider of interactive services, TripAdvisor accepts no liability for any statements, descriptions, or content posted by its users in any public forum, personal home page, or other interactive area.
Even if TripAdvisor is not obliged to review, edit or monitor the content posted or distributed in an interactive area, TripAdvisor reserves the right to remove all content posted or stored on this website at any time and for any reason without notice , to review, translate or edit or have any such actions carried out on its behalf by third parties, which TripAdvisor may exercise of such right in its sole discretion, and you are solely responsible for, at your own risk and expense, any content that you post on set or save, exchange or make backup copies of this website.
If you are determined to have moral rights (including rights to recognition and inviolability of the work) in the Content, you hereby declare that (a) no personal identification information may be used in connection with the Content or any adaptations, upgrades or updates thereof ; (b) you do not object to the publication, use, modification, deletion or use of the content by TripAdvisor or its licensees or successors in title; (c) you forever waive and agree not to make any claim to any author's moral rights in the Content; and (d) you waive forever any claims against TripAdvisor and its licensees and assignees that you may otherwise bring against TripAdvisor by virtue of these moral rights.
Any use of the interactive areas or any other part of this website in violation of the foregoing violates the terms of this agreement and may, among other things, result in the termination or revocation of your rights to use the interactive areas and / or this website.
BOOKING WITH THIRD PARTIES VIA TRIPADVISOR
Use of instant booking.
TripAdvisor gives you the ability to search for trips, select trips, and make bookings from third-party providers without leaving the TripAdvisor website.
By booking travel services through instant booking, you become a TripAdvisor member if you are not already.
As a member of TripAdvisor, you can post travel reviews, participate in discussion forums, email TripAdvisor content to yourself and others, subscribe to newsletters for members, access travel planning content and take part in surveys, competitions and raffles.
By using instant booking, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and all terms of use described in our privacy policy.
You also warrant that you are at least 18 years of age, that you are authorized to enter into this Agreement and use Instant Booking and this website in accordance with these Terms of Use, and that any information you provide is true and accurate.
You further agree that you will only use instant booking to make legitimate reservations for yourself or others for whom you are authorized to trade.
Any false or fraudulent reservation is prohibited and any user attempting to make such reservation may be canceled from TripAdvisor.
If you have a TripAdvisor account, you must protect and monitor your account information and are fully responsible for any use of your account by others.
AS A USER OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING IMMEDIATE BOOKING, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT (1) NEITHER TRIPADVISOR NOR ITS AFFILIATE PARTNERS ARE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER FOR UNAUTHORIZED TRANSACTIONS THAT YOU CONTACT; AND (2) YOU MAY BE LIABLE TO TRIPADVISOR, THE AFFILIATE PARTNER AND / OR OTHER USERS IN THE EVENT OF UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT.
If you make a booking using instant booking, we collect your payment information and transmit it to the provider to complete the transaction, as described in our privacy policy.
Please note that the provider, not TripAdvisor, processes your payment and fulfills the booking.
TripAdvisor and its affiliate partners do not treat booking inquiries arbitrarily, but we reserve the right to cancel or not process booking inquiries in certain circumstances, such as when the requested service is no longer available or when there is sufficient reason to believe that a booking request done with fraudulent intent.
TripAdvisor also reserves the right to verify your identity when processing your booking request.
Third party providers.
TripAdvisor is not a travel agency and does not own or provide any means of transport or accommodation.
While TripAdvisor provides information about third-party owned properties through Instant Booking and affiliate websites and allows bookings to be made with certain providers, these promotions do not in any way constitute or imply any endorsement or approval of third parties by TripAdvisor or any affiliation between TripAdvisor and any third party and they do not point to this.
Although TripAdvisor members rate and rate certain properties based on their own experience, TripAdvisor does not endorse or recommend any third-party products or services.
You agree that TripAdvisor is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of any information that TripAdvisor receives from third parties and displays on its websites or apps.
When you make a booking with a third party provider, you agree to the provider's terms of purchase and website use (the "Terms of Use"), its privacy policy, and any other rules or guidelines relating to the provider's website or product check and be bound by them.
Your interactions with third parties are at your own risk.
TripAdvisor shall not be liable for the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, violations or negligence of any third party, or for any personal injury, property damage, death, or any other damage or expense arising out of your interactions with any third party.
This website may link you to the websites of providers or other websites that are not operated or controlled by TripAdvisor.
For more information, see the "Links to Third Party Web Sites" section below.
Booking vacation rentals with third-party providers listed on affiliate partner websites.
TripAdvisor and some of its affiliate partners act as a marketplace to enable travelers to enter into vacation rental agreements or rental transactions with property owners and managers (each an "Advertiser").
As a user, you are responsible for your use of this website, the websites of our affiliate partners and transactions relating to vacation rentals available through instant booking and / or listed on affiliate websites.
We are not the owners or administrators of any vacation rental properties listed on this website or our affiliate partner websites, and we have no contractual relationship with them.
Since neither TripAdvisor nor its affiliate partners are parties to the rental transactions between travelers and advertisers, any dispute or conflict relating to an actual or possible transaction between you and an advertiser, including but not limited to its quality, condition, safety, or legality, shall be a listed property, the accuracy of the listing content, the ability of an advertiser to rent a vacation rental, or your ability to pay for a vacation rental are the sole responsibility of each user.
You acknowledge and agree that you may need to enter into a separate rental agreement with an advertiser prior to making a reservation or purchasing any product or service, and that agreement may contain additional restrictions on your reservation, product or service.
Payment terms for vacation rentals
You agree to pay an advertiser or a TripAdvisor affiliate partner acting for an advertiser the service fee for the reservation of vacation rental in accordance with the terms of use of the affiliate partner's website.
A TripAdvisor affiliate can act as a restricted agent for the advertiser only for the purpose of communicating your payment to the advertiser.
For more information on vacation rental fees, security deposits, payment processing, and cancellations and refunds, please refer to the Terms of Use on our affiliate partner websites.
By reserving a holiday accommodation via a website of our affiliate partners, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of use and the data protection declaration of this website.
DESTINATIONS
International travel.
If you are making international travel reservations with third party providers or planning international travel through this website, you must ensure that you meet all entry requirements for the relevant country and that your travel documents such as passports and visas are valid.
Information on passport and visa requirements can be obtained from the relevant embassies or consulates.
As requirements can change at any time, it is important to obtain the latest information prior to booking and departure.
TripAdvisor is not liable to travelers who are denied boarding or entry into a country because the traveler does not have travel documents with them that are issued by an airline, government agency or country, including countries that the traveler is traveling to Only travels through the way to his goal, be challenged.
It is also your responsibility to check with your doctor for up-to-date vaccination recommendations prior to international travel and to ensure that you meet all health requirements for entry and are following all medical advice relating to your travel.
While most trips, including trips to international destinations, go without a hitch, there are greater risks associated with traveling to certain destinations than others.
TripAdvisor urges passengers to research and read any travel bans, warnings and announcements issued by their respective governments and the government of their destination country before booking travel to international destinations.
BY PROVIDING INFORMATION REGARDING TRAVEL TO INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, TRIPADVISOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO THESE PLACES WILL BE RECOMMENDED OR SAFE, AND TRIPADVISOR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS THAT POSSIBLE.
DISCLAIMER
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY.
THIS SECTION LIMITS TRIPADVISOR'S LIABILITY TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO DISPUTES THAT MAY APPEAR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION OR ANYWHERE IN THE AGREEMENT, PLEASE CONTACT ANY LAWYER FOR CLARIFICATION BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE.
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS, INCLUDING ERRORS REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF RESERVATIONS AND PRICES.
TRIPADVISOR AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATE PARTNERS (TOGETHER THE "COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP") DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTIONS REGARDING THE TRAINS, AIRCRAFTS, FLIGHTS, FERRIES DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE INCLUDING PRICES, AVAILABILITY, PHOTOGRAPHS, LIST OF FACILITIES AND SERVICES OF HOTELS OR HOLIDAY ACCOMMODATION, GENERAL PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS OR REVIEWS AND OVERALL REVIEWS) AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY OTHER MALFUNCTIONS.
ALSO TRIPADVISOR EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ERRORS REGARDING AVAILABILITY AND PRICES ON OUR WEBSITE AND / OR OPEN RESERVATIONS MADE AT AN INCORRECT PRICE.
THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES (WEBSITE CONTENT, OR ANY PART OF THE PRODUCTS THEREOF, OR SUBSCRIBE THEREOF) SERVICES IN THIS WEBSITE OR
THIS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN APPROPRIATION OR RECOMMENDATION OF THESE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP.
ALL OF THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR OTHER CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVER OR THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP WILL NOT E-MAIL OR E-MAILS.
TO THE MAXIMUM PERMISSIBLE SCOPE ACCORDING TO APPLICABLE LAW, TRIPADVISOR HEREBY EXCLUDES ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLICATIONS AND APPROPRIATIONS OF THE APPROPRIATIONS , THE RIGHT OF OWNERSHIP, UNDISTURBED OWNERSHIP AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
TRIPADVISOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, OR OTHER CONDITION OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR OWNERSHIP OF THE WEBSITE CONTENT.
TRIPADVISOR is only liable for damage incurred due to breach of contractual or pre-contractual obligations in the event of willful intent or gross negligence as well as in the event of a breach of an essential contractual obligation.
In the event of a slightly negligent breach of an essential contractual obligation, liability is limited to the TYPICAL EXPECTED DAMAGE.
This limitation does not apply to a) liability based on a guarantee assumed by TRIPADVISOR, B) personal injury, damage to health or death as a result of the damage, and C) liability under the Product Liability Act or any other mandatory liability that is not excluded or limited by law can.
THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS THAT PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT HOTELS, HOLIDAY ACCOMMODATION, TRAVEL OR OTHER SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NOT REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES OF THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP.
THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, DECLARATIONS, WARRANTIES OR VIOLATIONS OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF THESE PROVIDERS OR FOR PERSONAL DAMAGE, DEATH OR OTHER DAMAGE.
THE COMPANIES OF THE TRIPADVISOR MEDIA GROUP ASSUME NO LIABILITY AND WILL NOT PROVIDE A REFUND IN THE EVENT OF A DELAY, CANCELLATION OR OVERBOOKING, IN THE EVENT OF A STRIKE OR FORCE MAJOR OR IN THE EVENT OF OTHER REASONS THAT ARE NOT EXCLUDED RESPONSIBILITY, DELAYS, ROUTE CHANGES OR ACTION BY GOVERNMENT OR AUTHORITY.
The companies of the TripAdvisor Media Group benefit from the limitations of liability provided in these Terms of Use.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to protect TripAdvisor and its affiliate partners and all of their officers, directors, employees and agents from any claims, claims, recovery, loss, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any nature, including reasonable attorney and administrative fees , to hold harmless and to defend against this, which are asserted by third parties on the following bases:
(i) breaches of this Agreement or the documents referenced herein by you;
(ii) violations of any law or the rights of third parties or
(iii) Your use of this website.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
This website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than TripAdvisor.
These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only.
We have no control over these websites and are not responsible for their content or the data protection or other practices of these websites.
You are also responsible for taking appropriate precautions to ensure that the links or software you have downloaded (whether on this or other websites) do not contain any elements such as viruses, worms, Trojans, defects and other destructive elements.
Our inclusion of hyperlinks on these websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these websites or any association with their operators.
In some cases, a third-party website may ask you to link your TripAdvisor profile to a profile on another third-party website.
This selection is purely optional, and the decision to allow this information to be linked can be withdrawn at any time (on the third-party website).
SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE
TripAdvisor websites are often controlled and operated by TripAdvisor in its Commonwealth location, Massachusetts, USA.
Software from TripAdvisor websites is subject to US export controls.
No software from TripAdvisor websites may (a) enter (a) Cuba, North Korea, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Sudan or any other country that is subject to a US embargo (or to any national or resident thereof Countries) or (b) persons listed on the US Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals list or the US Department of Commerce's Deny Orders table are downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported.
By using TripAdvisor websites, you represent and warrant that you are not in, or under the control of, any such country, that you are not a national or resident of such country, and that you are not on any such list.
Any software made available for download from TripAdvisor websites ("Software") is the copyrighted work of TripAdvisor or its affiliate partners or other third party software as indicated.
Your use of this software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, that accompanies or is contained in the software ("License Agreement").
You may only install or use software that is accompanied by or contains a license agreement after you have agreed to the terms of the license agreement.
For software made available for download from this website that is not accompanied by a license agreement, we hereby grant you, the user, a limited, personal, non-transferable license to use the software for display or other use of this website in accordance with with these Terms of Use and for no other purpose.
Please note that all software, including all HTML, XML or Java codes and Active X controls contained on this website, are owned by TripAdvisor and / or its affiliate partners and are subject to copyright laws and international regulations Contracts are protected.
Any duplication or redistribution of the software is expressly prohibited and can result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
Violations will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO OTHER SERVERS OR LOCATIONS FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED.
THIS SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.
NOTICE ON COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
The following applies to all content on this website: © 2016 TripAdvisor.
All rights reserved.
TripAdvisor is not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than TripAdvisor.
TRIPADVISOR, the owl logo, the "score bubbles" to indicate the overall ranking and all other names or slogans of products or services displayed on this website are registered trademarks and / or trademarks under the common law of TripAdvisor and / or its subsidiaries or licensors and are permitted to do so may not be copied, imitated or used in whole or in part without the prior written consent of TripAdvisor or the respective trademark owner.
In addition, the look and feel of this website, including all page headings, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, are the service mark, trademark and / or trade dress of TripAdvisor and may not be copied, imitated or used in whole or in part without TripAdvisor's prior written consent.
All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos mentioned on this website are the property of their respective owners.
References to products, services, processes or other information by mentioning trade names, brands, manufacturers, suppliers or otherwise do not imply or imply an endorsement, promotion or recommendation of the same by TripAdvisor.
Policy for the notification procedure for the deletion of illegal content
TripAdvisor provides a notification procedure for the deletion of content.
If you have any complaints or objections about any material or content posted on this website, including user messages, or if you believe that any material or content posted on this website is in violation of your copyright, please contact us immediately using our notification procedure for deleting content in connection.
Click here to view the content deletion notification process.
After completing the process, TripAdvisor will make every reasonable effort to delete illegal content within a reasonable time.
Changes
TripAdvisor may from time to time, in its sole discretion, change, add or delete these Terms of Use or any part thereof if TripAdvisor deems this necessary for legal, general, regulatory and technical purposes or if this is due to changes in the services provided or in the nature or the Website layout is necessary.
TripAdvisor can change, suspend or discontinue all aspects of the TripAdvisor service, including the availability of functions, databases or content, at any time.
TripAdvisor may also set limits for certain functions and services or restrict your access to all or parts of the website or any other TripAdvisor website for technical or security reasons in order to prevent unauthorized access to data or the loss or destruction of data. or if TripAdvisor, in its sole discretion, determines that you are violating any provision of these Terms of Use or any law or regulation and if TripAdvisor decides to discontinue providing a service with no notice or liability.
BY YOUR CONTINUED USE OF TRIPADVISOR NOW OR AFTER SETTING SUCH NOTICE, YOU ACCEPT THESE CHANGES.
JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW
This website is operated by a US company and the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, USA apply to this agreement.
You hereby consent to the exclusive material and local jurisdiction of the courts in Massachusetts, USA, and acknowledge the fairness and adequacy of proceedings in these courts for all disputes arising out of or in connection with the use of this website as undisputed.
You agree that any claim you may have against TripAdvisor arising out of or in connection with this website shall be determined by a material court in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Use of this website is prohibited in any region in which not all provisions of these Terms of Use, including this paragraph, are legally effective.
The foregoing does not apply to the extent that the applicable law in your country of residence requires the application of another law and / or another jurisdiction and this cannot be contractually excluded.
CURRENCY CALCULATOR
Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should only be used as approximate values.
Courses are not verified as accurate and actual courses may vary.
The rate information may not be updated on a daily basis.
The information provided by this application is assumed to be accurate, but such accuracy is not guaranteed or guaranteed by TripAdvisor and / or its affiliate partners.
If you are using this information for financial purposes, you should seek help from a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of currency rates.
We do not authorize any use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use, and you are expressly prohibited from reselling, redistributing, and using this information for business purposes.
ADDITIONAL MOBILE LICENSES
Copyrighted material may be used in parts of TripAdvisor's mobile software.
TripAdvisor confirms the use of said material.
In addition, special terms apply to the use of certain TripAdvisor applications for mobile phones.
Please refer to the Mobile Licenses page for specific information about TripAdvisor applications for mobile phones.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
You agree that this Agreement or your use of this website will not create a joint venture, employment relationship, agency or partnership between you and any TripAdvisor media group companies and / or affiliate partners.
Our performance of this Agreement will be governed by applicable law and jurisdiction, and nothing in this Agreement shall limit our right to comply with any inquiries or requests from law enforcement agencies or courts relating to your use of this website or information provided to us or collected by us in relation to such use.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that you may make claims arising out of or in connection with your access to or use of this website within two (2) years from the date on which such claim arose, and otherwise irrevocably on this Waive claim.
If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, including but not limited to the exclusions of warranty and limitation of liability set forth above, it will be understood that that invalid or unenforceable part of the Terms of Use will be replaced by a valid, enforceable clause which comes closest to the original meaning of the original clause, and the remaining provisions of the agreement continue to apply.
This Agreement and all other terms of use referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between you and TripAdvisor with respect to this website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and suggestions, whether electronic, oral or written, between the customer and TripAdvisor with respect to this website.
A hard copy of this Agreement and electronic communications will, and will be, permitted in litigation and administrative proceedings based on or in relation to this Agreement to the same extent as, and will apply, other business documents and records originally prepared and maintained in hard copy same conditions.
These terms of use are available in the language of the website.
TripAdvisor does not individually store the specific terms of use under which you express your consent.
The website may not always be updated on a regular basis and therefore does not need to be registered as an editorial product under any relevant law.
Fictitious names of companies, products, persons, characters and / or data used on this website are not intended to represent real persons, companies, products or events.
All rights not expressly granted here are reserved.
SERVICE HELP
To get answers to your questions or to contact us, please click Help.
You can also send us a letter to the following address:
TripAdvisor LLC
400 1st Avenue
Needham, MA 02494, USA
©2016 TripAdvisor LLC.
All rights reserved.
