Www.booking.com https: / / / content / terms.it.html? = = & & aid 356980 label = = & sid gog235jc-1bcbqoggjcbxrlcm1zsdnya2hxiaebmaejuaehyaep2aeb6aebiaibqaiduakf0rcabsacadicjdg0ntjlngy2ltlhytmtndzkys05otg1lwvmmta5njcznzi0mdgcbeacaq fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61 % & lang = tmpl docs 2fterms-and-conditions en & & lang = 1 _ click = soz other; cdl = = 1 _ changed; en-gb lang
2021-01-23 14:50:23
Terms and conditions of travel
Content
Code of practice
Terms and conditions-introduction
Terms and conditions:
Definitions
Purpose and nature of our service
Prices Rimborsiamo, price differences, programme offers from a genius and partners
Privacy and cookies
Free service to customers pay only providers travel
Credit card or bank transfer
Non-submission prepayment, deletion, and information " to know "
(Mail and communications further)
Ranking favorite stars and judgments programme, structures guest
Clause exemption from liability
Intellectual property rights
Governing law, jurisdiction of membership and dispute settlement
Booking.com information on companies and support
Code of practice
Our mission is to give everyone a chance to explore the world, offering access to the best places in the world where and fantastic places and fairground reside, as easy as possible visit.
To achieve this, we shall apply the following good practices:
Six important for us: why we offer you our platform and a customer care in more than 40 languages
Allow you to explore the world: 1.5 million structures from those luxury () to anything meets the luxury needs for your next stay in a hotel, hostel motel, b & b, etc., anywhere in the world
We provide attractions and other providers of travel and i would like to see them
Can facilitating the payment of any ticket (including entry), purchase or rental of any product or service travel using our payment service
We pay (every day, 24 hours a day): our customer care helps you 24-7-365-40 +
We value your needs: our platform is the product that you (user) prefer and consider more comfortable when using our service
Hear reviews not show you: (customers who have actually kept censored)
You promised a website information and user-friendly, which guarantees the best prices available.
Pay back the price differences
Terms and conditions-introduction
The following terms and conditions-and the subsequent amendments-apply to all our services available online, directly or indirectly (through distributors), by any mobile device, by e-mail or telephone.
Through access to our website (also mobile devices), and / or using a visitandolo by using any applications available through any platform (hereinafter platform "), defined as " and / or carrying out a reservation, says that it read, understood and accepted the terms and conditions below (including the privacy policy).
These pages, their content, their structure and the reservation service online (including the service on the facilitation of payment) provided by us on them and through this website are owned, managed and offered by bv and are provided for exclusive use Booking.com staff with non-commercial purposes (b2c), governed by the terms and conditions described below.
Relations that we have with suppliers travel are governed by different terms and conditions governing the commercial relationship (b2b) that we have with each of these suppliers of travel.
Any supplier travel does professionally against in making their product and / Booking.com or service available on or through (both for the report azienda-azienda Booking.com (" ') and / or for the b2b (" ").) azienda-cliente b2c
Suppliers travel may have applied and / or require the (state), in addition to the conditions and consensus clauses on a website, indicated its terms and conditions and rules (delivery / consignment / transport / use) for use, access and the completion of the journey, which could include specific statements not responsibility and liability restrictions.
Definitions
Words Booking.com ", " " we " and " our / a / i / and ' refers to Booking.com b.v., limited liability companies subject to the laws of the netherlands and headquartered at 597, ec, amsterdam, Herengracht 1017 netherlands.
" Platform ' means the website, the website on which the service and the mobile app travel is made available, is under the ownership and control of Booking.com and it manages manutenuti and / or home.
" Journey ' means products and travel services provider's travel, which may be ordered, acquired purchased bought paid, provided, booked, combined and hired you. consumed by
" Supplier ' means the provider of the accommodation travel (e.g.
Hotel motel, apartment, bed & breakfast, landlord), attractions (e.g.
(Theme parks), museums, the service provider), turns tourist transport (e.g.
Car hire, train travel in cruise, flights, tour bus transfers), tour operators, travel, insurance and any other product or service on or similar to the issue of travel available for the booking of the trip on the platform (b2b or b2c).
" Travel service ' means the online service purchase order, payment () or reservation, as offered or facilitated activated by products and services with respect to various Booking.com made available by providers of travel on the platform.
" Booking of the trip ' means the order, the purchase, payment or booking a trip.
1.
Purpose and nature of our service
Through platform, we (and its affiliate partners b.v. Booking.com (distribution) provide an online platform that allows suppliers travel in their professional rules of conduct (e.g.
B2c b2b or), marketing, promote and advertise, sell or offer / (where applicable) their products and services for the order, the purchase, booking and hire, and visitors platform to discover, try and make a reservation, compare order, a purchase or a payment (e.g.
Service travel).
Through the use or using the service travel (e.g.
Carrying out a booking of the trip through the service travels), a direct contractual relationship (binding instaurerai legal terms) with the supplier travel at which you made the reservation of the product or service (where applicable).
Since booking of the trip, that we only as intermediaries between you and the provider of travel, the supplier (s) of sending the details of the relevant travel booking of the trip and sending you an e-mail confirmation for and on behalf of the supplier of travel.
Booking.com not (re), sells or offers to any product or service (travel).
In pay our travel service, data that we have been provided divulghiamo providers of trips.
All suppliers travel marketing and promoting their trip to the platform is therefore given access to our systems and network, of which are entirely responsible for extranet regards updating tariffs / cost / price, availability, standards and conditions, and the other information displayed on our platform.
Although pay our service travel with diligence and attention, we are not able to verify and ensure the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the information, and can not be held responsible for any error (including those posters and typing), interruption of the service (which is due to failure including temporary and / or partial to repair, maintenance or upgrades to the platform or other), inaccurate, misleading or false information or his failure to address.
Any supplier travel is responsible at any time of the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the information (also) including descriptive / cost / price rules, rates and conditions, and availability, displayed on our platform.
Our platform has no purpose and should not be seen in this light, recommend or support any supplier travel on the same in terms of quality, marketed, service level, type of structure, classification and allocation of category through stars or on the premises, facilities, vehicles, relatively services and products (principal or secondary) made available, unless otherwise noted.
Our travel service is available to personal use only and not commercial.
Therefore resell enter, is not allowed use, copy, monitor (deep-link using for example spider,), view, download or to scrape no information, content or software, reservations, tickets, products or services available on our platform for any kind of activity having commercial purpose or competitive.
2.
Prices Rimborsiamo, price differences, programme offers from a genius and partners
Tariffs offered by suppliers travel indicated on our platform are highly competitive.
All fees for your journey include vat and all other charges (subject to currency exchange these taxes) and criminal, unless otherwise indicated on our platform or the confirmation e-mail or on the card.
The cost of the ticket is for a person or group and subject to validity or date as indicated on the ticket, if applicable.
Supplier travel may decide to charge fees and criminal (including the tax residence) in the case of tourist / non-submission or cancellation.
Sometimes on our platform you will find lower fares for a given residence, service or product.
Tariffs but the proposed by suppliers of travel, could lead to restrictions and conditions, for example regarding deletion or reimbursement.
Before your reservation, verification, this carefully conditions in details about the product, service or the reservation.
We offer you the product or service to the lowest possible you pick tariff.
If once booked through the platform, i find on the internet the product or service from you chose under the same conditions of travel and at a rate lower, the difference between our appianeremo tariff and the lowest under the terms and conditions applicable when pay back the price differences.
Our commitment to reimburse the price difference does not apply to products and services that are not related to housing.
Converter currency is information and exclusive should not be considered as a barometer and operating in real time; the rate may vary.
Obvious errors are not binding, including those of the press.
All special offers and promotions are indicated as such.
If they are not mentioned as such, can not be right in the event of mistakes or claim any manifest errors.
Programme genius
The tariff is a genius provided by participating discounted tariff structures for certain types of chambers / accommodations.
The tariff is restricted to members programme genius genius of Booking.com.
Can join the programme genius anyone with a on account platform.
Membership does not require any cost registration and the only condition is to complete two stays within two years.
Entry and tariffs are an individual member and genius shall not be transferable.
Inclusion may also be associated with campaigns or specific incentives are occasionally launched or communicated to the sole discretion of Booking.com.
Genius program now offers two levels of registration in the number of reservations made through the platform, each with different levels of Booking.com discount on structures and / or options selected (respectively 10 % and 15 %).
Inclusion levels may vary, and may be subject to changes to the sole discretion of Booking.com.
Booking.com reserves the right to withdraw and break into the genius of any state in the event of an abuse, such as the violation of these terms and conditions and / or the use of credit cards invalid.
Booking.com also reserves the right to withdraw and to cancel the registration of each member demonstrating attitudes inappropriate genius: for example, violent behaviour, threatening,, discriminatory or fraudulent obscene nagging against (or of its servants and agents Booking.com) and / or the structure (or of its employees and agents).
The tariff is not usable with other or combinabile genius discounts (save where approved by the structure or otherwise specified).
Booking.com may at their discretion, alter, restrict or amend (partly) the structure or any other characteristic of the genius (including, for example, the state levels genius of the person concerned for any reason) without notice.
Inclusion genius is associated with a user on account and before nor will be annulled in Booking.com when the latter does not destroy, close, clear or withdraws the account.
Booking.com also reserves the right to remove the registration or disable an account inactive without notice.
Account inactive " with " means an account which does not run for more than five bookings (5) years.
Where the account is disabled, will no longer be eligible for benefits genius.
Can reactivate the account by a reservation with good your account Booking.com.
Offered by the partner
Booking.com tenders which do not come from suppliers could show travel, but from a partner company, such as Booking.com another platform (" the partner " offered by).
Tenders site will be shown clearly by partners and characterised by those proposals by suppliers of trips.
Also provide the following special conditions, unless otherwise indicated on our platform:
Price: conditions shown on our platform.
Prepayment: pay safely with at the time of reservation. Booking.com
Adjustment: once, we can not change booked personal data or those relating to the reservation.
Require change in the structure, but you can directly is not guaranteed to be accepted.
Others can not be combined: can not be applied promotion, incentives or rewards the booking.
No reviews can't leave a review on our platform.
3.
Privacy and cookies
Booking.com respects your privacy.
Consult our rules on privacy and cookie for further information.
4.
Free service to customers pay only providers travel
Unless is noted, our service is free of charge for customers because, unlike many other sites, not any cost to the travel service addebiteremo offered or apply additional costs (relating to) the reservation even tariff.
Supplier travel to pay the amount due as indicated in the booking of the trip (, if not included in the prices, charges applicable, taxes and additional costs (if provided for)).
Suppliers travel pay a fee, or a small percentage of the price of the product (for example, on housing) tariff after the guest enjoyed Booking.com product or service provider's travel (e.g. after was a resident of the structure and paid the amount due to the same).
Suppliers travel may improve their ranking by increasing the commission (booster) Visibility.
Visibility booster (increasing the use of the commission in exchange for a better position in 1929) is at the discretion of each supplier of travel and it may be decided from time to time or according to the product offered.
Algorithm ranking of the commission will consider increased when must establish the ranking of default.
Partners favorites pay a fee higher in exchange for a better position in 1929.
Only providers travel which have a commercial relationship with (contract) will be available through Booking.com on the platform (for promotion and / or of their product b2b b2c).
Booking.com is not a forum open as amazon or ebay) where the end-user can make its product available (is not a forum c2c); do not allow parties not professional Booking.com offer or sell their products on or through Booking.com.
5.
Credit card or bank transfer
Some suppliers travel may provide and make available the possibility of offering bookings travel to pay all or part (such as provided by the payment terms supplier travel) to travel that supplier during the process of booking of the trip, via a mode of payment (online insofar as this safe function is supply and supported by your bank).
For certain products and services, (through third parties) the manages Booking.com payment of product or service (i.e. the management service) payment for and on behalf of provider travel (does not work in any case nor Booking.com as seller journal).
Payment shall be charged safely on your credit card / bank account, and on your debt or credited to the bank account of travel via the supplier management of a third party.
Managed any payment for and on behalf of supplier travel and then moved to the supplier travel will in any case a payment from your of (or part of the cost of reservation on) a product or service, with value (" final payment of the price paid (bevrijdende betaling) whole or partial) and can not be claimed from you in any way.
Certain tariffs (also non-repayable) or special offers, could be required to advance payment by bank transfer (if applicable as methods of payment by the supplier of travel) or credit card.
When using credit card, this could be charged or (sometimes without any possibility of pre-autorizzata repayment) at the time of booking of the trip.
Before carrying out the booking of the trip, check carefully the presence of these conditions in detail on the product or service you choose.
Booking.com should not be considered responsible for any objections (authorised unauthorised or incorrect or likely) by the supplier of the journey and can not request the refund by the amount charged on your credit card correctly from the supplier of journey (including: tariffs, or cancellation with criminal non-submission pre-pagate).
In case of fraud or unauthorised use of your credit card by third parties, the majority of banks and companies providing credit cards shall bear the risk and cover all debits resulting from such fraud or unauthorised use.
This may, however, imply the charges on your paper by an amount corresponding to 50, or the eur usually equivalent in your currency.
Where society issuing your credit card or bank you this amount because of objections unauthorised transactions arising from a booking made on our platform, you this amount, up to an amount risarciremo of eur 50 (or the equivalent in your local currency).
In order to allow for compensation, be sure to denounce the fraud to the supplier of credit card (in accordance with its rules and its procedures) and contact us immediately.
In email you provide proof franchise charged according to the conditions of the issuer (credit card).
This compensation applies only to reservations which were server sure and only after verifying that the Booking.com unauthorised use of your credit card is based on a default or negligence on our part and not from your incorrect use server safe.
6.
Non-submission prepayment, deletion, and information " to know "
Making a reservation from a supplier of travel, accept and approve their standards cancellation and have not been submitted that supplier travel and any other standard or additional conditions of travel applicable to your supplier reservation or during your stay (including section " to know " supplier of travel, this on our platform, and the rules of the structure of supplier travel), including services and / or the products offered by the supplier of travel (the rules and conditions of delivery / acquisition / use / carry a supplier of travel are obtained directly by the supplier of travel himself.
General rules for the cancellation and have not been submitted each supplier travel are mentioned in the platform on the provider travel information pages during the booking procedure and the confirmation e-mail or ticket.
Certain tariffs, costs or special offers are not permitted write-offs, refunds or changes.
Failing presentation or cancellation, the supplier may still charge the tax residence travel (if applicable).
Before your reservation, carefully the presence of such verification conditions in details concerning the product or service you choose.
If booking of the trip requires an advance on the payment or an advance payment total or partial, this could be deleted without prior notification of non-compliance or alarm) where the remaining amount can not be taken in full in the agreed date, as required by the conditions of payment of travel and in the specifications of the supplier reservation.
Conditions cancellation and those relating to the advance payment may be changed depending on the sector, product or service for the journey.
Laws carefully section " to know " (below the various types of travel available and bottom of page devoted to the supplier travel on our) and relevant information platform in your confirmation of reservation as special additional conditions may be applied by the supplier of travel (e.g. relating to age requirements, deposit, supplements or conditions of cancellation for extra groups, read additional fees, including breakfast without free animals and credit cards accepted).
Payment late, erroneous data bank account or credit card debt / data / credit card debt invalid or insufficient funds jeopardise the reservation and may lead to refusal of a reimbursement of any advance payment (especially if non-refundable) unless the supplier travel does not accept repayment or to allow other solutions envisaged by his condition prepayment and cancellation.
If you want to check, amending or deleting your booking of the trip, login to your confirmation e-mail and follow the instructions contained in it.
Supplier travel could charge a cancellation charge in accordance with the rules provided for by the cancellation, advance payment and failure of the very structure, and you may not entitled to compensation for any amounts already paid in advance ().
Before your reservation, we recommend reading carefully the rules on deletion, the advance payment and the failure, and to structure provided for in to promptly, as stated in the subsequent payments specific reservation.
If you're late or late on the day of check-in or the next day, provided you plan to go to inform (in time) the supplier / promptly travel, which they know when, so as to avoid cancellation of greet you your trip () or for failure. reservation charges
If necessary, our department of customer care can help inform the supplier of travel.
Booking.com does not accept any obligation or liability for the consequences of your late or cancellation or objections to failure by the supplier of travel.
7. (
Further correspondence and communications)
Acconsentirai carrying out a booking of the trip to receive (s) an e-mail shortly before the date of arrival, containing information on your destination and several suggestions and tenders (also by a third party, if you have expressly provided the consensus) related to your trip () and your reservation destination, (ii) an e-mail after arrival to assess the experience with the provider of the service travel and travel and (iii) an e-mail after your stay, with an invitation to express your opinion on the structure.
Read our rules on privacy and cookie for more information about other means by which they could reach you.
Booking.com is not accountable to communications by the supplier travel or with the occurring on or through its platform.
Make rights can not be linked to requests or communications aiming at provider or linked to any form of travel, receipt notification to requests or communications.
Booking.com can not guarantee that every request or communication will be received, read, taking-over, executed or accepted by the provider accurately and travel on time.
In order to supplement and complete the booking of the trip with success must be given an e-mail address valid.
We are not responsible in the case of e-mail addresses, telephone numbers (fixed or mobile numbers) or credit card or non-existent or have an obligation to check wrong the existence or accuracy.
Complaints or compensation claims against or associated with the service of the journey must Booking.com be presented as soon as possible and in any case within 30 days after the date on which it would complete the use of the product or service (e.g. the residence). date of check-out
Complaints and requests that get after the said 30-day period may be rejected, and the applicant must give up all its right to compensation for damages (or costs).
Owing to the constant updates tariffs and availability to advise strongly screenshots during the process of reservation, that could be used as documentation in support if necessary.
For consumers in the european economic area: in cases of complaints you advise contact before our customer care.
When the question is not resolved, you can send a complaint through the platform of the european commission for the settlement of disputes, to get to this online at: http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr.
8.
Ranking favorite stars and judgments programme, structures guest
Our objective is to show you search results for you, providing you with an relevant rankings for suppliers of custom default travel on our platform.
Will keep this ranking, use the default filters and results should be sorted according to ranking and, therefore, have the capacity alternative to influence the presentation of the results of research in order to receive a ranking based on other criteria.
Many algorithms use to generate results ranking, giving rise to a default evolving process.
Booking.com identified the following parameters so that they are more closely associated with your search of a provider of travel, in view of this, suitable and assigns a priority to these parameters in algorithms (): your main parameters history research staff, rate " click " through the page research on page hotel (" "), number of bookings ctr related to the number of visits on the page of the provider trips to the " conversion ") platform (including cancellation bookings gross (and net) (except the cancellation) of a provider of travel.
Conversion ctr the and the may be influenced by several factors (not connected), including any scores reviews (or in the national components in aggregate form), availability, conditions, tariffs (and their competitiveness), the quality of content and certain characteristics of the provider travel.
Percentage committee paid by the supplier of travel or other benefit against (e.g. Booking.com
By trade concluded with the supplier travel or with the help of strategic partners) may have an impact on rankings, as well as the history of default regular payments by the supplier of travel.
Supplier travel that may affect his ranking participating in certain programmes-which can be updated from time to time-as the programme genius, tenders, the programme partners and Visibility booster (recent favorites shall stipulate that the two supplier travel pay a higher commission).
Stars Booking.com displayed on for hotels are not determined by, but by the structures themselves or by Booking.com independent third parties providing a classification (objective).
Tenders are shown according to the number of stars (from lowest to highest or vice versa), that suppliers themselves inform Booking.com.
According to local regulations, the same are allocated by a third party independent (e.g. an official organisation, including) or are based on the opinion of independent providers, irrespective of any housing objective criteria.
Booking.com does not impose obligations on the classification with stars and formal does not refer to revise the stars that have been allocated.
Overall reflect stars as the structure meet the legal requirements (if applicable) or, failing that regulations on this, as this meets the standards of area in terms of prices and services available.
These standards and requirements may vary from country to country and from organization organization.
To allow customers to find more easily the structure right according to their preferences travel, could give to some structures an assessment Booking.com quality, which is determined by and shown through yellow. Booking.com squares
To ensure comparability, the assessment of quality is based on many (), which were more than 400 characteristics divided into five main categories: (i) allocations / services rendered by the structure, (ii) configuration on Booking.com structure, such as size of the unit, the number of bedrooms and employment, (iii) the number and quality of pictures posted by structure, (iv) average score of reviews, as well as guest scores, for example on detailed cleaning, as they have proved to be particularly useful for customers in the allocation to the quality of structures and (v) historical data anonymous and aggregates (e.g. bookings on to assess the classification into stars structures). taken
Use these many characteristics to derive statistical patterns.
Based on these factors is analysis based on machine learning, which ended with a quality evaluation (1 to 5, shown by next to the name of 1-5 squares yellow) calculated automatically and allocated to the structure structure.
Only customers who have actually resident of the tourist accommodation will be invited to leave on a judgment on the residence at its Booking.com structure and to indicate a score some aspects of the residence, or about may receive an invitation to leave an assessment during the stay.
Judgement host (including the required during their stay), once completed, could be (a) loaded on page of the provider travel this on our platform in order to provide the (future) customers your point of view about the (level) and the quality of the service provider travel, and (b) wholly or partly used, to his place and only (for discretion Booking.com).
Reasons marketing, for promotional purposes or for improving the service), on the platform or platforms of social networks, on, in the case of special promotions newsletter applications or on other channels owned and it hosted, used or Booking.com controlled.
In order to provide and maintain judgments (and therefore, the relevant) recent judgments can be sent within a limited period (3 months) following the residence and any judgment will be available only for a limited period (36 months) since its appearance online.
Ranking default of judgments depends on the date on which the judgment was left and on other criteria such as language, further (ratings), but with comments the judgment of a customer who wrote [always] judgments comprehensive and detailed (also called " reporter travel ") may occur on top of the list of decisions.
You choice between ranking and various filters (e.g.
Type host, date, language, score).
Booking.com allows the supplier travel to respond to the judgment.
We reserve the right to amend, refuse or remove judgments our only where they ran counter to our discretion conditions relating to judgment.
Module guest ought to be considered for the assessment of a survey and does not include any (further) offer, invitation or incentive of any kind, even trade.
Booking.com undertakes to monitor and to remove as far as possible ratings including obscenity and any references to people's names or lost and found.
Booking.com will not accept the judgements that include:
Vulgarity expressions, sexually explicit, incitement to hatred and violence, contained discriminatory threats
Any references to persons concrete personal attacks on staff
Promotion of illegal activities (e.g.
Narcotics and prostitution)
Sites e-mail addresses and telephone numbers, credit card data
Comments on politically motivated
Booking.com supplier and travel both are entitled to end the ratio for whatever reason (including the cases of breach of contract or declaration of bankruptcy) after notice period, as agreed between the parties.
9.
Clause exemption from liability
Without prejudice to the restrictions and specifications set out in the cases covered by these terms and conditions and as permitted by the law, we will be held responsible only for direct and immediate damage actually suffered paid or is to be met, due to a failure to comply with our obligations in respect of services that we should play.
Compensation can be up to the total amount of the cost of your reservation as established in e-mail confirmation of the booking of the trip (or a single or circumstances for a number of circumstances related).
Anyway and as permitted by law, neither we nor none of our operators, responsible, used representatives, branches, subsidiaries affiliate partners (distribution), licensed, agents or people involved in the production, the sponsorship, and / or the diffusion of in promoting the site and its content, will be held responsible for (i) loss or damage, special indirect or punitive, loss of production, profit consequenziali, income or contract, injury or damage the reputation and the reputation and loss of the right, (ii) the inadequacy of information (also) supplier's travel (on descriptive tariffs, availability and classification), available on our platform, (iii) services or products offered by the supplier of travel or other trading partners, (iv) damage (direct or indirect), losses or consequenziali punitive costs suffered, is paid or died following the failure to use or
Booking.com shall not be liable and denies any responsibility) (for use, the validity, quality, compatibility, the appropriateness and the dissemination of the journey, nor for any representations, guarantees and conditions of any kind in this respect (or implicitly, nor legally or other), including no implied guarantee, for specific purposes, on, on the title on non-violazione merchantability and constraints.
Declares and accept that its supplier of travel is the only responsible and take any responsibility for the journey (including all the guarantees and representations made by the supplier of travel).
Booking.com is not a (re-) vendor trip.
Complaints claims or on the journey (including what is the price offered (special), the conditions / promotion or specific requests by the customers) should be managed by the supplier of travel.
Booking.com shall not be liable and denies any responsibility) (for such complaints, claims and obligations (also on the product).
Whether supplier travel objections (or has already charged) the cost of travel, is that the payment of the amount or of any additional costs (travel) is managed by us, in both cases accepts and claims to be aware that it is always responsibility of the supplier travel collect, detain and send to the competent authorities pay taxes applicable, calculated on the basis of the total price or any travel costs aggiutivi.
Booking.com can not be held responsible (or may be called to account) for the collection, the retention, sending or payment to the competent authorities of fees applicable to the cost of travel or of any additional costs.
Booking.com does not work nor under any circumstances as seller official any product or service made available to me.
Posting pictures / images in our system (for example, in the annex to a review) certifies, and claims to have guarantee copyright on photo / images, and agrees that can use the photo / images on Booking.com his website (also) and the mobile app, promotional material and publications in both online and offline, in the way that it may consider appropriate. Booking.com
Make Booking.com so non-exclusive, global, irrevocable, unconditional and perpetuates the law and the licence using play, show play, distribute, to grant in, communicate and make available the photo sub-licenza / images in the way that it may consider appropriate. Booking.com
Person upload photos / images takes full legal and moral responsibility for any claim made by third parties (including, but not limited to owners of reception facilities) following the publication and use of photo / images by Booking.com.
Booking.com has neither supports photos / images uploaded.
Veracity valid and the right to use all photos / images are guaranteed by the person who upload photos / images, and is not the responsibility of Booking.com.
Booking.com rejects any liability resulting from the photo / pictures published.
Person upload photos / images guarantees that these do not contain virus, or infected, or pornographic material trojan file, illegal, offensive or obscene, bad taste, and that the pictures / images inappropriate do not infringe any intellectual property rights, copyright or privacy of third parties.
Photos / images that do not meet the criteria listed above will not be used and / or can be removed at any time and removed from Booking.com / unannounced.
10.
Intellectual property rights
Where not otherwise specified, the software required for our services or available on our platform or used by it and the intellectual property rights (including copyright) content, information and material on our platform are owned by b.v., of its suppliers of travel Booking.com or suppliers.
Booking.com has sole all rights, titles and interests involved in the and against all intellectual property rights concerning the artwork and the interface (including the general infrastructure) to platform through which the service is made available (including ratings guest and content of them).
Nobody is allowed to copy, be state through links, publish promote or complement, use, combine in any other way to use the content (translations and assessments of our guests included) or mark if our express written.
If an entity uses or (partly or fully) combines our content (including ratings guest and translations) or otherwise take possession of any intellectual property rights of the platform or any content (or translation), it must come, transfer and give all these intellectual property rights to Booking.com.
Any lawfully use or any of the actions or behaviour referred to above constitute a material breach of our intellectual property rights (including the rights to copyright and the protection of databases).
11.
Governing law, jurisdiction of membership and dispute settlement
These terms and conditions and the supply of our services, shall be documented and interpreted according to the dutch law.
Despite said about jurisdiction, a natural person who is using any of our services to use that can be considered irrelevant to his occupation (hereinafter also referred to as " consumer ") may invoke the laws in force in the country where has his habitual residence (i.e. laws which apply in any case, regardless of whether a person chooses to use the laws or less of their country of residence, and from now on known as " mandatory provisions.
Any dispute arising from these general terms and conditions and by our services should be subject only to amsterdam, the netherlands competent courts.
Clause despite the competence referred to above, a consumer can also appeal for the implementation of mandatory provisions relating to the case in a court in the country where he is domiciled, while an appeal against a consumer may be submitted only in the courts of the country where he is domiciled.
For consumers in the european economic area: in case of complaints, advise contact first our customer care.
When the question is not resolved, you can send the complaint by the european commission on the platform of online dispute resolution present at this address: http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr.
The original text in english of these terms and conditions may have been translated into other languages.
Translated version is unofficial and purposes only package, so worthless legal.
If dispute or inconsistencies or discrepancies between the english text and translations into other languages of these terms and conditions, the english text and will be the final version will prevail.
The english text is available on our platform (by selecting the english) or will be sent upon written request.
Where any of the provisions of these terms and conditions is not valid, lose validity, being or becoming non-binding, you'll continue to all other clauses laid down there attenerti.
In that case we will replace that clause with a clause which is valid, and binding, which has an effect as far as possible similar replaced and you to accept in accordance with the commitments and objectives content of these terms and conditions.
12.
Booking.com information on companies and support
Service journeys is provided by a private limited liability company b.v., Booking.com subject to the laws of the netherlands and headquartered in 597, ec, amsterdam, Herengracht 1017 netherlands, and recorded the chamber of commerce of amsterdam with the registration number 31047344.
Our vat is Nl805734958b01.
Booking.com has its headquarters in amsterdam, netherlands, and is supported at international level by various groups of companies affiliated companies ") (the ' support, who play a supporting role internal for Booking.com.
Companies designated provide limited services customer care (only via phone).
Companies support do not have any platform (and in no way control, manage, maintenance or cure hosted the platform).
Airlines support shall not be authorised and do not have the legal power to provide the service, travel to represent or enter into any contract instead Booking.com of, or on behalf of Booking.com.
In any case you create a relationship (legal or contractual) with companies support.
Companies support do not operate nor are authorised to operate as official representatives or service providers Booking.com.
Booking.com neither recognises nor considers the home anywhere, position or office in the world (including the offices of its companies backing) not the office registered in amsterdam.
