Https: / / www.dropbox.com /? terms2018
Translation is provided for information only and the english version will faith in case of disputes.
Service of dropbox
Published: 17 april 2018
Validity date: 25 may 2018 our service before you can see here.
Dropbox thank you for taking used.
These service (" ") covered the use and access to our services, our client software and our websites (" services ").
If they live outside of the united states of america, canada and mexico (" north america "), the contract is with international unlimited companies, while if you dropbox resides in north america, the contract is with dropbox, inc.
Privacy explain how our rules and use your harvest data and the rules on use acceptable your responsibilities arising from the use of our services.
Using our services, user agree to be bound by these terms and to examine the rules on privacy and the rules on use acceptable.
If the user is using our services to an organisation, is accepting the present on behalf of that terms organization.
Your files and your authorisations
When using our services, we provide file contained, mail messages, contacts and more (" your files.
These files are owned by you.
These terms we grant no right on your file with the exception of limited rights to enable us to provide services.
We need your permission to carry out operations which manage the hosting files, make a backup and share them when we ask for it.
Our services are also functions such as miniatures photos preview documents, added comments and simple ways for ordering, modify share and try your files.
These and other functions may require access, storage and the scan of your file from our system.
Us give permission to carry out such operations and this permit extends to our staff members and third parties with which reliable cooperate.
Shared content
Our services permit you to share your files with other persons, for which you pay attention to what share.
Responsibility of the user
You responsible for your conduct, for your files and you have to respect our rules on use acceptable.
Content found in services could be protected by intellectual property rights of others.
Not copy, load, unload or sharing content if you are not entitled to do so.
We reserve the right to examine your conduct and your content to comply with the present terms and to our rules on the use acceptable.
Having said that, we are not obliged to do just said.
We are not responsible for the content in and shared by users through the services.
Help mantenerti informed on how to keep your file protected.
Protect your password for services and keep up-to-date information the account.
But share the account credentials or grant to others access.
You can use our services only as allowed by the legislation in force, including laws and regulations on export controls.
Finally, to use our services must have at least 13 years or, in some cases, an older.
If you live in france, germany or the netherlands, you must have at least 16 years.
Check laws to know the age of consent in local digital environment.
Unless will meet these requirements of age, you can't use the services.
Software
Some departments permit you to download the client software (" software ") that can automatically update.
Provided that these terms, a licence limited, not letting you dropbox exclusive, non-transferable and to use the software, the sole revocable purpose access to services.
Insofar as any component software may be offered with an open source license, we'll give you the availability of such licence and the provision of expressly itself can take precedence over some of the present terms.
Except where the following restrictions are prohibited by law, not to accept or services, or decode decompilare try to do so or help to another person to do so.
Beta services
Sometimes provide products and functions still test and evaluation.
These services are known as beta preview, access (or early or assessment words or phrases from similar significance and may not be as reliable) like other services, so keep in mind these points dropbox when using these services.
Our services
Services are protected by copyright, trademarks and other laws of the united states and other countries.
These terms you grant no rights, title or interest on services, on the content of other services, on trademarks and logos dropbox and other features of brand.
Welcome feedback from the users, but note that we could use comments or suggestions without any obligation towards them.
Copyright
Respect intellectual property of others and we ask you to do the same.
Respond notices relating to alleged infringement of copyright, if comply with the law and if there are communicated through the rules on copyright.
We reserve the right to remove or off contained representing to remove the account that alleged violations and consistently breach the copyright.
Our named for receiving alarm alleged violations of copyright services is:
Responsible copyright
Dropbox, inc.
333 Brannan street
San francisco, ca 94107
Copyright @ dropbox.com
Payment accounts
Invoicing.
Can increase your storage space and add functions payment to your account (in a " to " payment account modificandolo).
Invoice send you automatically after entering a accounts and payment at all until the periodic renewal cancellation.
Signed if you an annual plan, you send an email notification (within a reasonable period of time before the date of renewal) that your plan will be renewed to remember.
Six liable for all applicable taxes and these will be charged where necessary. you
Some countries provide for local laws on compulsory rights; these laws cancellation shall take precedence over as specified in this section.
No reimbursement.
Can undo your accounts payment dropbox at any time.
Repayments will be issued only if required by law.
E.g. users who live in the european union have the right to cancel subscriptions relating to their accounts to payment within 14 days of registration, upgrade or renewal of an account in payment.
Downgrade.
Your accounts payment will remain active until the elimination or cessation under the present terms.
If delays in paying for your account for payment, we reserve the right to stop or reduce your storage space at levels of space charge.
Changes.
We reserve the right to modify the tariffs in force, but you warned of these changes via a message before the email address associated with your account.
Team dropbox
Email address.
Records if you for an account with an email address provided by your dropbox organisation, the latter may be able to block access to your until does not make the transition dropbox to an account in a team (e.g. dropbox
Plans dropbox business or education) or associate your account dropbox to an email address. staff dropbox
Using team dropbox.
Go if you a team, you must use it in accordance with the terms and dropbox rules of your organization.
Note that the accounts of the team are under the control of your organization dropbox.
Your administrators may be able to access, disclose or remove information in or the account of your team dropbox.
Could also be able to restrict or eliminate access to your account. a team dropbox
If convert an account exists in a part of a team dropbox dropbox, your could administrators in the future the possibility of precluderti dissociate your account staff by team dropbox.
Resolution
You can stop using services at any time.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate, at your access to services if: (a) violates these terms.
(B) use services in a way that there is a risk of real damage or loss for us or other users or (c) do not have an account pay and have made access to our services for 12 consecutive months.
You beforehand in email address associated with you to your account to allow you to remedy the activity in question and give you the possibility to export your files by our services.
If following this opinion steps required, complete or sospenderemo go on your access to services.
Any prior to the termination if we do not believe: (a) have committed a serious breach of these terms, (b) sending this notice may mean that our legal responsibility or restrict the possibility of providing services to our other users or (c) is not permitted by law.
Interruption of services
Could decide to stop services in response to unforeseen circumstances outside the control of dropbox or according to a legal obligation.
When this condition, you will be notified a reasonable notice period for allow you to export your files from our systems.
Services if we cut off in this way, before the end of any terms fixed or minimum for which you've already paid, but for which the share paid already pay back you enjoyed services.
Services ' blindly "
Dropbox undertakes to provide services fantastic, but some things can not be guaranteed.
Within statutory, and its affiliated, dropbox suppliers and distributors do not recognise any guarantee, express or implied, services.
Services are provided to poke. "
We do not recognise no warranty of merchantability, suitable for a particular purpose and not violation.
States types of restrictions do not permit referred to in this section, so those restrictions may not be applicable.
Limitation of liability
Dropbox not exclude or limit its responsibilities vis-à-vis the user where this is against the law.
Includes any responsibility for fraud or false representation of or its affiliates in providing the dropbox services.
In countries where the following types of exclusions are not allowed, is responsible to the user only dropbox for losses and damage that are the result of reasonably foreseeable non-implementation of the normal diligence and skill or dropbox event of a breach of contract with the user committed by dropbox.
(This is not the rights of consumers who may not be revoked or limited by any contract or agreement.
Where exclusions or limitations of liability are permitted,, its affiliated parties, suppliers or dropbox distributors will not be held responsible for: the. special, indirect damage, punitive, exemplary or accidental or CONSEQUENZIALI ii.
Leak use, data, business or profits, regardless of the legal theory.
Such exclusions or restrictions will whether or any of its affiliated was dropbox warned whether or not the possibility of such damage.
If use services for any commercial purpose, holding or resale,, its affiliated parties, suppliers or dropbox distributors will have no responsibility toward you for any loss of profit, loss of business disruption of activities or losses of business opportunity.
Dropbox and its members are not responsible for the conduct, both online and offline, any user of services.
Excluding responsibilities that can not limit (as dropbox described in this section), only our responsibility towards the user to up to the higher amount between $ 20 or 100 % of any amount paid for the service with current dropbox plan.
Dispute resolution
First we try to fix things.
We want to tackle the problems without it being necessary legal recourse.
Before lodging a complaint against the user agrees to try and dropbox settle the dispute in an informal writing at dispute-notice @ dropbox.com.
Try to resolve the dispute informally contattandoti via email.
Should the case not be settled within 15 days of submission, the user or dropbox can make a case.
Forum judiciary in disputes.
User dropbox and accept that any judicial proceedings to resolve complaints relating to the present terms or services is subject to federal court or state responsible county san francisco, california, without prejudice to the application of legislation overriding below.
User dropbox is there and jurisdiction is accept particular such courts.
If risiedi in one country (e.g. in a member state of the european union) with laws grant consumers the right to present disputes in their local courts, this (does not concern those requirements.
Based in the us, if you accept also the following provisions mandatory arbitration:
Both parties agree to mediate.
User dropbox and agree to resolve any claims relating to these terms or services via final and binding arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator, except as provided for by the exceptions to the arbitration clause below.
Includes disputes caused or related to the interpretation or application of this section " provisions mandatory arbitration, " including their validity or enforceability, revocabilità.
Does not accept the arbitration clause.
Can refuse the arbitration clause by clicking here and sending the form not acceptance within 30 days of initial registration of your account.
However if you agreed to an earlier version of these terms that allowed not to accept arbitration, your previous choice acceptance or non-acceptance remains binding.
Arbitration.
American Arbitration association (aaa) will deal with the arbitration under regulation arbitration procedures for commercial and additional disputes relating to consumers.
Arbitration will take place in the united states in which you reside county, san francisco (ca) or works or anywhere else agreed.
Tariffs arbitration and facilities.
Aaa settlement of the payment of all the tariffs will determine the arbitration.
Dropbox pay all fees for arbitration to complaints by individual arbitration value is less than $ 75,000.
You receive an arbitration award which appears to be more profitable than any our offer of resolution of complaint, you will pay $ 1000 to additional ruling dropbox.
Dropbox will not ask expenditure relating to lawyers ' fees and costs of arbitration unless the referee that your complaint does not result in is unfounded.
Exceptions to the arbitration clause.
User dropbox or if suitable can claim their rights in the courts for small claims of san francisco (ca) or any county united states where he resides or works.
Both parties reserve the right to make a case only for measure in order to stop ingiuntivo unauthorised use or abuse of services or the violation of intellectual property (e.g. brand, trade secrets, copyright and patent rights), without first start arbitration or informal procedure for the settlement of disputes described above.
If agreement to resort to arbitration is considered not relevant for the user or his complaint, user agrees on the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the county of san francisco, california, for the resolution of the dispute.
No collective action.
The user can settle disputes with individually, and can not only dropbox lodging a complaint as an actor or a class of people in a state of collective action, reunited or representative.
Arbitration shall not be collective collective action, causes of general interest pursued by a single lawyer and meeting with other arbitration.
If this particular paragraph is considered inapplicable, the entire section provisions mandatory arbitration shall be deemed " anything.
Applicable law
These are to be governed by the laws of california except in the cases of conflict with other legislative principles.
The laws of some countries (including those of the european union) require all agreements to be regulated by local laws of the country of the consumer.
This paragraph does not prevails over these laws.
Contract indivisible
These terms are the contract between the user and indivisible in relation to the object of these terms dropbox and replace any other contract, terms and conditions applicable to the subject of previous or contemporary terms. these
These words do not create rights for beneficiaries of third parties.
Surrender clauses and transfer salvatorie
The lack of enforcement by a provision not decreases dropbox to apply it later.
If provision is inapplicable, the other provisions of the contract will continue to have full effect and it will introduce a new time limit applicable that reflects as closely as possible our intent.
User may not assign any of their rights set by terms and any attempt to present this direction will be null and void.
Dropbox may assign its rights to its affiliated or partner or any successor for the interest of the activities associated with the services.
Changes
We reserve the right to change regularly these reflect better terms: (a) the legislative changes, (b) new legal requirements or (c) improvements to our services.
If update concerns your using services or your legal rights as user of our services, you will be notified before the effective date of updating an email to email address associated with inviandoti your account or through a notification within the products.
Updated deadlines are effective not earlier than 30 days following the date of notification.
Unless accept updates, cancel your account before they become effective.
Where applicable, you offer a refund on the basis of amounts paid in advance proportional for services and the date of cancellation account.
Continuing access or use the services after updates become effective, agrees to be bound under modified.
