Agreement with user
Last updated: 17 may 2018
Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20180826015710 / https: / / tos.ea.com / / / us / en / legalapp WEBTERMS pc /
Welcome to ea.
This agreement regulates access and use by the user of software products, such as software game content on disc or unloaded, offered by ea or its subsidiaries (" ea ") and the updates, functions, as well as improvements and content, functions and services online and mobile and websites offered by ea and / or events directly submitted by ea or in relation to itself (services ' ea ' generally).
This agreement shall be concluded between the user and the entity specified below in article 14. ea
Services ea, are using these terms.
If these terms is not accepted or use the services do not install ea.
Users living in certain countries also accept the arbitration convention and the renunciation of class actions referred to in article 15 for the resolution of disputes with ea.
Summary
Account ea
Licence
Content and rights
The availability of services and release ea
The content generated by users
Rules of conduct
Products pc
Resolution and other sanctions
Use of the data
Other software, services and tools
Third parties
Exclusion of guarantees and limitation of liability
General conditions
Amendments to this agreement
Dispute resolution through binding arbitration
Additional terms for the playstation ®
1.
Account ea
Requires account for access and use ea many services, including ea online games.
To create an account ea, we must be in possession of a valid email address and providing truthful information and accurate.
The user must be fit for use of services for which it shall make an entry ea and established in a country in which may be using services ea.
The user must have made at least 16 years (or other minimum age required in the country of residence) in order to create an account ea.
If the user has aged 18 years and the required minimum (or age in the country of residence), we need to review this agreement with parents or legal guardians.
Parents and legal guardians are responsible for the actions of the age of 18 when using these services ea.
Ea recommends to parents and legal guardians to inform controls parental devices children.
User is responsible for activities on its account ea.
Account ea may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it for activities which violate this exercise agreement.
You can undo your account ea at any time.
May also be cancel a subscription to a specific service at any time. ea
Contact customer service at ea / en to cancel the ea help.ea.com account.
In order to complete the request, may require the payment of expenditure incurred ea, if the law says, and of sums due to third parties or content providers.
2.
Licence
Services ea are licensed, not sold.
Ea provide the user with a licence personal, non-transferable and limited non-esclusiva revocable for utilities ea, to which the user has access for non-commercial purposes, in accordance with this agreement.
User can not access, copy, modify or distribute services, content or rights (as defined below) ea unless specifically approved by ea or where required by law.
User can not decode or attempting to extract or use the source code or otherwise data from other services without the express authorisation of ea or the ea law.
Ea concessori licence or its own and reserve all other rights, including any right, title and involving interest services ea and the intellectual property rights associated.
3.
Content and rights
Services ea include the content and rights.
Includes software, technology, content text, forums and publications in chat, profiles, link, e-mail messages, widget, music, sound, graphics, photos, videos, code and all material or other material which appears, is audio-visual material sent to or comes from services, as well as the design and the ea aspect of our websites.
Content also includes the content generated by users (" "). on
Ugc comprises persons accounts ea, publications forums, the content of the profile and other content provided by users of services ea.
All contents are owned by ea and its licence or are licensed concessori to ea or its, as required by article 5 of concessori below.
Rights are licensed by ea users to ensure access or use of any item online and offline services ea.
Examples include access to digital content, or secret additional functionality or improved (including services multiplayer);; resources subscriptions; the codes and the keys to virtual release, codes serial or authentication; objectives; online game points currency or currencies virtual.
Coins these points are referred to as " virtual currency or currencies virtual ea. "
When user is virtual money, with us or ea by our partners authorised, receives a licence, non- exclusive, limited access and staff for access non-cedibile and the choice of rights ea makes available. specifically
The virtual currency has not monetary value and did not ea value outside of our products and services.
Sell trade is prohibited, transfer or exchange cash money virtual; this may be redeemed only for ea rights available for services ea.
Money virtual ea shall not be redeemable and the user is not entitled to any reimbursement for the currency which is not used virtual ea.
If money is reimbursed for law, a virtual ea this right is not, or refundable. restituibile exchangeable
User lives in japan, agrees to use any currency virtual within 180 days from the date of purchase ea.
Equipment, access the internet and debits needed to access services ea are entirely borne by the user.
4.
The availability of services and release ea
Not ensures the availability of any service, content or right at any time or place, or ea at a particular time and we shall ensure that a particular service, content or law for a certain period of time shall be offered.
Ea does not guarantee that services are accessible to all devices, ea through a specific provider internet connection or in all geographical areas.
Ea regularly update their services could, content and rights without giving any prior notice.
Such updates and changes may be necessary to continue to use services ea.
Ea may need to update or unset certain parameters for balance the game and use services ea.
Such updates or " reset " might cause user within the reality of retractions game in question and might affect characters, games, groups or other rights under the control of the user.
5.
The content generated by users
User is responsible for its own ugc.
Users are not allowed to send ugc intellectual property rights that violates the third party or the law, this agreement or a right to privacy of third parties or the right to advertising.
Ea at its own discretion, may remove, change or off ugc for whatever reason, including the case where ea result that this agreement reasonably ugc purple.
Ea assumes no responsibility for the removal of ugc, for his removal or other content.
Ea ugc does not control all beforehand and does not support or approve any services. this on ea
When given by the user, guarantees and its ugc ea and a licence, global transferable licenzianti licensees, transferable and for use, the perpetual non-esclusiva hosting, storage, reproduction, the amendment, the creation of derivative works, exhibition in public display in public or transmission or communication or a part thereof, ugc in any manner or form, by any means or forum, which is now known or future without warning, payment or any allocation user or third parties.
Also user gives all the others who have the right to access and use on or service ea, the right to use, copy, modify, view, run or create and distribute derivative works and communicate on or through the service otherwise ugc concerned, without any prior notice, ea allocation or compensation.
6.
Rules of conduct
When user access services ea or uses them, agrees to:
Not violate any laws rule or regulation.
Not interfere or impede services ea or servers or networks used to support or provide such services including activities or services ea hacking cracking.
Do not use software or programmes which can damage, or obstruct services or interfere computers or other property ea individuals, such as the denial of service attacks intended dispatch junk, hacking, loading computer viruses, spyware, trojan, worm, file, corrupt and time cancelbot bomb.
Not interfere or impede the use of a service ea from other players.
Includes hinder the normal this game, chat or dialogue within a service through, for example, recourse ea a language or vulgar, the offensive, molesto excessive use of the capital), posting (shouting junk, flooding or repeated use of the key back.
Not upset, threaten, embarrass, intimidate, send junk or taking any other action against unwanted another player, such as sending continuously junk or personal attacks and comments about the race, sexual orientation, religion, culture, etc. the incitement to hatred is not tolerated.
Not ugc or contribute to or participate in activities, organise groups or associations inappropriate,,,,, violent offensive nagging miners, using liars, rhetoric and hatred, vulgar, sexually explicit, obscene, unlawful which disregards the privacy of others diffamatoria or otherwise reasonably questionable.
Not publish send load or distribute or illegal content or for which ugc user does not have the authorisation to dissemination.
Not publish send load or any content, such as distributing a subject, name, username, person, or any other material avatar, or information (ea), acting reasonably and objectively inappropriate considers using offensive rhetoric of hatred, violent, mine, mine, sexually explicit diffamatori obscene, illegal, respect for privacy of vulgar, offensive, illegal or indecent.
Not send messages with purpose other than personal communication.
Messages prohibited include advertising (a chain, marketing pyramidal spam or other types of requests or business.
Not impersonate others or to suggest to be an employee or a representative ea.
Not misuse of after-sales service game or buttons complaint and not to carry out false staff communications ea.
Not try to acquire information on account password or illegally or other private information to other entities services ea.
Spider robot, do not use or other devices or automated processes to access this website for any reason or copy the material in this report.
Do not use or distribute programmes or software tools unauthorized which software programs " car ", software programs " macro ", " " utility software programs or applications, hotshot, cheat tricks, or other software or tool cheating, alter or make games hacking.
Not change any files or other parts of the service ea without permission of ea.
Exploit tricks, do not use, documented, errors or problems of characteristics not service design ea.
Do not use or distribute software or content, including the virtual currency ea counterfeit ea.
Not attempting to use services through other services not controlled or ea not authorised by ea.
Not sell, buy, sell or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer its account ea, services, or any personal access ea any content associated with the user account ea ea including the virtual money and other rights, both ea within a service or on a website ea third, or in connection with any transaction out of it, if not expressly authorized by ea.
Do not use the service in a country where ea ea is not authorised to provide such services, according to the laws for the control of exports.
If service requires the user to create a " ea username " or a " person " to represent the same user in the game and online, to these is not allowed to use his real name, nor a user name or a person already used in other or ea considers that violate the rights or vulgar offensive or of other entities.
Not engage in any activity that significantly the gaming environment peaceful disorders service ea correct and respectful.
Not to use information relating to users and that they are publicly available in any service (e.g. a classification) ea for purposes unrelated to the service.
This includes any attempts to identify these users in the real world.
Not promote, encourage and participate in these illegal activities.
User or another person who uses the account user violates those rules and ea not remedy the violation after a warning, can proceed towards the user, ea including the withdrawal of access to certain or all services, content or rights of, or close the account ea ea user as described in section 8.
In case of serious infringements, can proceed against user ea without any prior notice.
Examples serious infringements include, not be limited to: promote, encourage and engage in acts of hacking, sell account or rights (including virtual objects) and ea coins without the permission of ea, excessive injury, or threaten illegal activities.
Ea will inform the user if possible, action taken in response to violations of the rules or of this agreement.
Ea certain services may involve additional specific rules shall apply to the conduct of the user in relation to themselves.
If a user finds that another user is violating these rules, it is recommended to denounce this business to guide and functions using ea " indicates " service abuse involved, if available, ea or assistance at help.ea.com contacting customers / it.
At its own discretion, ea can monitor or recording the online activities or content of the services and may discard any content ea from any service ea.
Users should note that communications and services are public and ea ugc may be displayed by others.
Use ea services is subject to the policy on privacy and cookie, available at privacy.ea.com, which is included as / en reference in this agreement.
7.
Products pc
This article shall apply to services for the game on personal computers (ea " ea "). pc products
For access and use services ea associated with a product ea, may have to register with the pc code serial contained in the product ea pc:
Protective measures and technical content
Ea using certain protection measures or technical content for eliminating piracy and a copy or the unauthorised use of a product ea pc.
Products ea pc use the online activation and sometimes technology origin protection content of Denuvo sony dadc austria ag.
Games Denuvo visit, to see what use https: / / / / legal epiphany www.ea.com.
To authenticate the product ea and verify the user license cp when initial products on every car (" authenticate ea pc " or " "), are needed an account authentication ea, with the acceptance of this agreement and policy on privacy and cookie at privacy.ea.com, the installation of client application / en origin (https: / / / /), about epiphany www.origin.com acceptance of origin and an internet connection. in
Code serial provided with products will be verified during authentication pc ea.
Authentication is limited to an account for serial, which means ea code that the product ea is not transferable.
Ea validate the licence user can through online. next authentication
Although there are no limits to the total number of machines in which the products can be authenticated in pc ea over 24 hours the user can begin or access into no more than five product ea pc computer.
If user attempted to circumvent, or off these protection measures, the technical tampering with product ea may not be running and the pc will be cancelled due to licence material breach.
Should retain its code, which may be necessary to install serial service on other machines. ea pc
This technology might interfere with some applications, such as the debugger, which can be used to circumvent the technology of the access control.
Monitoring
Ea uses some technology to detect and prevent fraud in connection with the use of products ea pc.
These technologies are described below.
Visit https: / / / / legal to find out what www.ea.com epiphany technology is used with each product ea pc.
Punkbuster.
Ea uses technology Even balance, inc.'s anti-fraud Punkbuster
User may choose to install during the installation of the product ea Punkbuster pc.
If fitted, when the user logs in the online game server using Punkbuster, will check the random access memory (ram Punkbuster) computer to programmes unauthorised owned by others running simultaneously with the product ea pc and any changes to the files of the product which would allow or facilitate the ea pc scam.
Unauthorised owned a programme of third parties is a computer program or file (e. g. "
Addon ", " mod ", ", " " hack, " or " trainer ') that ea cheat, (s) or facilitates fraud all kinds allows; (ii) allows users to modify or carry out on the environment or hacking interface game and / or the experience of game in ways that are not expressly authorized by ea; or (iii), " extract ' or collects information intercept from or through the game.
User uninstall if the product pc, will remain in the computer Punkbuster ea dormant.
Uninstall Punkbuster for, which is in start executable at https: / / www.evenbalance.com / downloads / pbsvc / pbsvc.exe.
Technologies anti-fraud ea.
Ea can use their technology anti-fraud.
When user connects to a server online game, these technologies are activated and monitor the game, the game file associated with the product ea ram computer and pc.
Fraud programmes and these technologies are not authorised owned by others running simultaneously with the product ea pc and any changes to the files of the product which would allow or facilitate the ea pc scam.
If one of these technologies is a scam, ea is anti-fraud reserves the right to collect information about, including the name of account details about the programme unauthorised owned by third parties, changes recognised in file product and the date and time ea pc detection.
Scam if society reserves the right to revoke the licence user and close his account ea.
When disconnect from the server game, these technologies anti-fraud will be deactivated.
Uninstalling
Uninstall pc products is possible at any time of ea settings game client in origin.
Some saved files locally could remain in your computer after the removal.
Manually delete these files can be looking for the name of the game in your folder documents on file on a pc or using finder mac.
8.
Resolution and other sanctions
This agreement is valid until withdrawal from the user or ea.
Ea has the right to prevent the user access to services or to account and use ea ea ascertain a breach of the same if this agreement or an illicit use, improper or fraudulent services associated with the ea user account ea.
Where possible, notify user this withdrawal. ea
Where account ea is closed, the user might lose your username or person.
Where user has more than one account ea, depending on the type of violation or misuse, ea may close all accounts and to withdraw all the user ea rights.
Account ea is closed, if the user will no longer have access to the same and their rights and can be banned access to services and the use of these ea services in the future.
On termination of this agreement, will be revoked also licensed by it.
Instead withdraw from this arrangement and before any withdrawal, may warn the user, ea suspend or change your access to a particular service ea or his account ea, in relation to remove or withdraw account or device, or delete ea remove any content that violates the this agreement or prevent the device or to the machinery of the user to access specific services ea.
Where ea takes one of the actions described in this article, the user will not be entitled to any reimbursement (without prejudice to any rights of reimbursement provided for by law) and no law will be added to the user or will be converted into cash or other forms of reimbursement.
Ea may revoke any service at all times, ea with a notice period of at least 30 days sent via e-mail (if available), within the service in question, or published on page ea updates services website ea (https: / / / / service-updates. epiphany www.ea.com)
Upon cessation of online services, will not provide updates for their software ea securities and can not ensure that their games mobile devices should continue to be available through (or other services cloud icloud applicable).
Upon cessation of an online service, any game available through could be eliminated by icloud without prior notification to the user. icloud
Where user considers that action has been taken in respect of its account or device error, please contact the customer care to address / en / help.ea.com.
Articles 5, 8, 9 and 11 to 15 of this agreement would retain its worth even after the termination of the agreement.
9.
Use of the data
When user uses services ea, can collect and store data from ea computer or device in use, including information on the computer or device and operating system (such as ip address and device id), information on the use of service ea, and use game statistics, interactions and hardware (e.g. system peripheral
Gameplay statistics, to protect may place an identification number in ea storage device. random keychain
This identification will be eliminated when the device is reset).
User uses the service ea, these data will be stored offline on the device and forwarded to the device will connect to the internet when ea.
Ea uses this information to their activities, to improve its products and services, to provide services and to communicate with the user (also for promotional), to provide software updates, and support software and content generated dynamically to solve problems or otherwise improve user experience.
User participates in online services, may also collect, store, use ea, aired and published statistical data concerning the game (including scores, charts and results obtained) or identify the material created and shared by user with other players.
User data are collected, used and saved transmitted by ea inc.
The united states, in accordance with the policy on privacy and cookie ea at / en privacy.ea.com.
10.
Other software, services and tools
Services ea may require or allow the user to downloading software, updates or patches of software, or other resources or instruments or its ea licensing on computer user, concessori on digital devices or entertainment.
These technologies can vary from a platform to another and the performance of departments ea may change depending of computer or other equipment.
The customer is aware of the fact that it may take some updates of these technologies to continue to use services ea.
Such updates may sometimes include content, whose functions or blocked access will involve additional costs to the user.
User allows ea to install available updates to automatically services ea.
Failure installation updates available may prevent to use the services ea, including products ea pc:
11.
Third parties
Ea some services may provide the user the option to play on not owned or controlled server of ea.
Ea does not control these services and is not responsible for the use of the service through them. ea
Such third-party services may be subject to different terms and restrictions or more restrictive.
Services ea may include of internet hyperlink belonging to third parties.
These sites can gather information user or request personal information.
Ea is not monitoring these websites and is not responsible for their content and for the collection, the use or disclosure of personal information.
12.
Guarantees; limitation of liability
User european economic area (eea) lies in or in switzerland, the services are provided with reasonable care and professionalism ea, without taking any commitment or guarantee concerning services ea.
Lies outside the eea if the user and switzerland, services are licensed and supplied " ea as they are. "
User uses them at your peril.
Insofar maximum allowed by the applicable laws, ea provides no guarantees expressed, implicit or legal guarantees, including merchantability appropriate quality at a given purpose, compliance with the eligibility rights of third parties, or guarantees arising from negotiations, custom or practice.
Ea provides no guarantees against interference in the use of the product or service ea, that ea will meet the requirements of the user operation of the service will not be interrupted and ea will not occur errors, worms, corruption, losses, interference, or services or hacking virus will be compatible with each other and with other ea software.
Ea does not guarantee or guarantee a product or service offered by the third shop origin.
See https: / / / / help / account / help.ea.com epiphany electronic-arts-warranty-policy / for more information on legal guarantee or other consumer rights in the country of residence and https: / / / / help / account / help.ea.com en-au / for consumer rights electronic-arts-warranty-policy australian.
User lies in the eea or in switzerland, and its staff, of ea licences and trading partners will not be CONCESSORI responsible for any loss or damage arising from the actions of a user or the violation of this agreement, or which arise as a result of acts or omissions made by third parties (or other subjects) outside our control.
User outside the eea and switzerland, lies to the maximum extent permitted by existing laws ea and its staff, licensing and trading partners will not be CONCESSORI responsible against him for any loss not incurred by the violation by ea of this agreement or for indirect damage, incidental, resulting, or special punitive.
Types damage excluding include, for example, financial losses (such as losses of revenue or profit), replacement cost of goods or services, breakdown or activity, block data loss, loss of goodwill and failures or malfunction of the computer.
This limitation shall apply to any claim arising from or related to this license agreement or service, whether based on contract, ea illicit civil law, responsibility or else. OGGETTVA
Also applies where ea was informed or should have been informed of the possibility of such damage.
User may be paid only for the direct damage and in an amount not exceeding what was actually paid for the service ea concerned.
Ea does not limit its responsibility for fraud, serious negligence, wilful misconduct, death or personal injury.
In some jurisdictions are not permitted exclusions and restrictions referred to above, so some of them, or may not apply to all, some users.
User purchased a hardcopy service ea in a shop in the united states and physical not accept the terms of this agreement and did not installed or used the service, it is possible and a refund ea return it or change within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase at the place where the purchase was carried out following the instructions given at http: / / / / help / account / help.ea.com epiphany. / electronic-arts-warranty-policy
13.
General conditions
Full agreement
This agreement, together with any other condition in order to regulate ea by utilities ea, represents the full agreement between the user and ea.
The agreement can not be amended or modified if not in writing and signed by ea.
Failure exercise by ea under this agreement of any law is not a to sell this law or any other law.
Where a part of this agreement is all other parties to the agreement, is not applicable and in force will remain fully valid.
Applicable law
User lies in the eea, switzerland, brazil, hong kong, mexico or russia, (i) this agreement shall be between them and swiss company entered in the register, ea sarl firms with the geneva registration number and address at place du 8 Ch-660-2328005-8 Molard, geneva, switzerland (ii); 1204 this agreement and utilities ea are regulated by law in the country of residence of the user; and (iii) the user accepts explicitly that the exclusive competence on any claim or action arising from or relating to this agreement or services lies with the courts of his country of ea residence.
User lies in the republic of korea, (i) this agreement shall be between them and swiss company entered in the register, ea sarl business geneva with the registration number and address at place du 8 Ch-660-2328005-8 Molard, geneva, switzerland (ii); 1204 this agreement and utilities ea are regulated by the laws of the republic of korea, to the exclusion of rules on conflicts between legal systems; and (iii) the user accepts explicitly that the exclusive competence on any claim or action arising from or relating to this agreement or services is ea courts the republic of korea.
User live in the us, canada or japan, (i) this agreement shall be between them and electronic arts inc.,
209 redwood shores, redwood city, ca parkway, usa; (ii) the 94065 this agreement and utilities ea are regulated by the laws of the state of california, with the exception of rules on conflicts between legal systems; and (iii) the user accepts explicitly that the exclusive competence on any claim or action arising from or relating to this agreement or services lies with the federal courts or state of ea san mateo county, california, and expressly agrees the exercise of jurisdiction staff by these holes.
User reside in any other country, (i) this agreement shall be between them and swiss company entered in the register, ea sarl firms with the geneva registration number and address at place du 8 Ch-660-2328005-8 Molard, geneva, switzerland (ii); 1204 this agreement and utilities ea are regulated by laws of the state of california, with the exception of rules on conflicts between legal systems; and (iii) the user accepts explicitly that the exclusive competence on any claim or resulting from action or on to this agreement or services lies with the federal courts or state of ea san mateo county, california, and specifically agrees the exercise of jurisdiction by such personnel holes.
The parties agree not to apply to this agreement or to any dispute arising from this or related, the united nations convention on international sales contracts of goods (vienna, 1980).
Export
User agrees to comply with the laws and other laws applicable us on export controls and agrees not to transfer the service to a national or international ea destination taboo in these laws.
Also recognises can not be a subject with which ea trade is prohibited under those laws on export controls.
14.
Amendments to this agreement
Ea reserves the right to amend this agreement, please, regularly riesaminarlo frequently.
Ea agreed for players version of the agreement before being amended, a revisions will enter into force 30 days after the publication on terms.ea.com / en.
Continued use by the user services implies the acceptance of amendments. ea
Once user has accepted a version of the agreement, not substantial changes without his future make explicit consent.
If he's asked to accept substantial changes to this agreement and refuses to do so, the user may not be able to continue for service ea.
15.
Dispute resolution through binding arbitration
This article shall apply to all consumers and those who have agreed to the terms of this agreement.
Excludes residents in quebec, russia, switzerland, brazil, mexico, the eea member states and the republic of korea.
Accepting the terms of this agreement, the user and the right to apply ea expressly waive a trial by jury and the right to participate in a class action.
This article offers a way for the resolution of any simplified dispute between the parties.
Most problems users can be resolved quickly and comprehensively making access to interface assistance customers through its account at help.ea.com ea / en.
Where ea was not able to solve the problem of the user, and agree to be bound by the ea these procedure laid down in this article for the resolution of any dispute.
This is an agreement between the user and ea and apply to their servants, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assegnatari.
This arbitration agreement relates to a commercial transaction interstate, and so the interpretation and application of this article shall be settled by the federal Arbitration act.
This article is to be interpreted in a broad sense and remains valid even after the termination of this agreement.
Claims subject to arbitration.
All disputes, claims or disputes arising from or relating to this agreement, any service and marketing, or his / her ea the relationship between the user and ea (" ") are resolved disputes exclusively through binding arbitration.
This includes accrued before accession user demands to this agreement.
Disputes not the only covered by this article are claims (s) concerning the violation, protection or the validity of business secrets, copyright, rights marks or patents answerable to the user, or the licence to ea concessori; (ii) ea aimed at enforcing, if the user is resident in australia, a fee laws australian consumer protection; and (iii) brought before a court devoted to dispute resolution children.
Informal negotiations
User ea and must try to resolve any disputes through informal for at least 30 days prior to bringing the arbitration.
Informal negotiations will begin after the receipt of a written notification sent from one place to another (" notification "). dispute
Notification dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact details of the party who is injured; (b) describe the nature and the foundations of the claim or dispute; and (c) specify the specific remedies required.
Ea sending their notification in dispute or the billing address e-mail address of the user.
User should send its notification of dispute: electronic arts inc.,
209 redwood shores parkway, redwood city, ca: legal department. 94065 ATTENTION
Binding arbitration
Ea user and fail to resolving the dispute informally, may decide to resolve it permanently and exclusively through binding arbitration.
The adoption of arbitration part is final and binding on the other.
Arbitration will be managed by the american Arbitration association (" aaa ", american association in accordance with the rules of arbitration) and, where applicable, the commercial arbitration procedures for consumer Disputes of related supplementary aaa (" rules " aaa consumer disputes concerning the supplementary procedures for consumer), both available on the website www.adr.org.
Expenditure arbitration and the share of compensation payable to the user shall be governed by rules referee of and, where appropriate, limited by aaa aaa consumer rules.
If referee considers that these costs are excessive or if the user send to the address of the notification of ea dispute, a communication in which claims to be unable to pay the expenses needed to launch a arbitration will pay all the costs associated with the ea arbitration.
Arbitration may be conducted himself, through sending documents by telephone or online.
Referee will express its decision in writing and provide a declaration containing the motives of the verdict, if requested by one of the parties.
Referee must abide by the law in force, otherwise each can be contested verdict.
User ea and may bring actions to demand the arbitration proceedings pending suspend or confirm, amend, or subject to view the verdict established invalidate by referee.
Limits
User ea and agree that both to exercise in respect of other claims only within the limits of their individual capacity and not as civil parties or members of a class in a class action or a proceeding representative status.
Referee can not hold the demands of another individual with those of the user and will not lead to proceedings or class of representative nature any kind.
Referee may establish a measure declaration or solely for the individual applicant part ingiuntivo compensation and only to the extent necessary to satisfy the request that part of it.
Subsection if this specific, the entire arbitration agreement is inapplicable considered null and void will.
Place
If user live in the us, the arbitration will be held in a place reasonably achievable by the user.
For who is not in the united states, the arbitration is to be launched in san mateo county, california, united states of america; user and agree to submit to the exercise of jurisdiction ea staff of the court of arbitration for the implementation of the suspension of proceedings pending or confirmation, edit, cancellation or assessment established by referee sottoposizione compensation.
Compensation
If judgment the referee supports the demands of user against and establishes a higher compensation ea, as proposed in pecuniary value last offer trading signed by ea prior to dispatch of its written requests the final arbitrator should ea:
Pay user 150 % compensation established by referee, up to 5,000 over compensation; and that usd
Reimburse the costs of arbitration paid by the user aaa.
Amendments to this agreement arbitration
Ea it will not apply substantial changes to this arbitration agreement unless specifically accepted by the user.
16.
Additional terms for the playstation ®
For playstation store in europe ™ purchases
All content on a shop will be acquired by sony interactive entertainment in-game europe limited (" ") network will be subject to terms and SIENE service and conditions of use of the playstation network available on the playstation ™ ™ store.
Consult rights of use for any purchase made based on the content, since may differ.
Unless otherwise specified, the content available in stores have turned to users with the same in-game age recommended for the game.
