These terms and conditions of use were published on 20 january 2016 and apply to all new services users under armour from dates described below.
Other important notes on this information:
User eea-based will apply further terms and conditions as indicated in chapter specific information for each country.
We users based in wishing to send a request for eea account-deletion, a request for removal of data or any other request relating to data, to use one or more of the following resources.
For further information
Are users of indonesia, malaysia, philippines, singapore and thailand to can be found here for options of the language and websites of the respective countries.
For further information
User turkish our distributors in turkey operate a website separate: http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
For further information
User japanese, our distributors in japan operate a website separate: http: / / www.underarmour.co.jp.
For further information
Terms and conditions of use
Previous under armour terms 2016 download pdf
Date of entry into force: 20 may 2018
Welcome to under armour.
Our passion is to create innovative products and services to strengthen the potential users around the world and we are delighted about whether you part of our team.
These terms and conditions of use are the rules of the game: are designed to create a community of users law-abiding.
Using products and services under armour, you undertaken to comply with all the conditions described below.
Under armour, inc.
Armour b.v and the europe and under subsidiaries and associates, including au Connected fitness, llc (collectively referred to as " under armour, " " we " or " us ', offers a variety of products and services, including websites and applications relating to the fitness and welfare under the brand under armour (" " etc.), the devices Mapmyfitness, devices and other hardware and indossabili content; our websites and applications for electronic commerce " under armour shopping "); and all offers of products and services digital current and future that we make available, including the products, services and content provided in collaboration with our partners (collectively, the " services ').
These conditions shall include a clause to binding arbitration and a renunciation of the collective action in section 15.
This provision affect your rights to resolve disputes with under armour, therefore we suggest you read it carefully.
Your retains an account access or use the services (regardless of whether you have created an account) is your acceptance of these conditions and of our policy on privacy, which is incorporated in the conditions.
If you don't agree with any part of the conditions, then there will be permitted to use our services.
Bear in mind that, by going or using our services, personal data (according to the definition described in our policy on privacy and the content created by the user (defined below), that you share a part of the services may be shared by under armour, in its entirety, and their services.
Bear in mind that the summaries in the top of the shaded boxes most sections are provided to facilitate the understanding of the conditions.
In case of conflict between any summary and any section of the conditions, it is the conditions.
In case of applications or suggestions, please contact us through our support team.
1.
Using services and of your account
1.1 who may use the services under armour
Under armour welcomes users of all ages, but it must have at least 13 years to be able to use the most services, and at least 18 years for use under armour shopping.
Making should be at least 18 years for use under armour unless otherwise compulsive (specified in section conditions applicable to specific). international courts
If there is in the age bracket, you can use our 13-18 years other services (excluding under armour supervision and only with shopping) consensus a parent or of a tutor.
No one with age may use the services, provide their personal data to, or otherwise send under armour personal data through the services (e.g. name, address, telephone number or e-mail address).
1.2 your account
Could creating an account under armour for having access to services, and it is important that the information associated with this account is accurate and up-to-date (in particular your e-mail address, where the password, an e-mail address dimentichiate working often is the only way we can verify your identity and help you to access).
To access and use some services, you could create an account to under armour.
Your account may also provide access to automatic and the means to be able to use all the new services.
If created an account for one of our services, must provide us with accurate and complete information needed when creation account and the process of registration, and keep them up to date.
If the information provided is not accurate, some of our services may not work properly and not be able to contact you for communications important.
Are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all actions that occur when using this account and must immediately notify our support team loss, theft or unauthorised use of your account and password, suspected and actual.
We won't be held responsible for any loss was as a result of unauthorised use of your username and password.
If user lies in the european union: the user has the right to delete account contacting our support team.
If choose to permanently eliminate your account, personal data not public we associated with your account will also be removed.
1.3 updates, changes and restrictions services
Our services is constantly evolving.
With the introduction of new products, services and features, we need flexibility for changes, impose restrictions and, sometimes, suspend or terminate certain services.
Can also update our services, which may submit operational problems if not installed updates.
Modified services are often, and the format and the function can be changed without any prior notice.
Can provide updates (including automatic updates) for certain services, such as and when we like.
This may include updates, amendments, elimination of bugs, correction of patches and more kind of errors and / or new functions (collectively, " ") updates.
Installed all amendments, if you have no parts of our services may not work properly.
Take act and accepted that the service may not work properly unless permitted such updates and not the automatic updates. acconsentite expressly
Also accepted that the conditions (and any subsequent amendments thereto) apply to all updates of services.
Can amend, suspend or discontinue services in whole or in part, including the availability of any product, function, database or content.
Also, we have no obligation to provide updates or to continue to provide, or enable, functions and special services function.
We some restrictions on certain services or restrict your access to services, in whole or in part, without any prior notice or obligation.
1.4 monitoring and suspension of services
We reserve the right to refuse the provision of services for everyone, and we can monitor, stop or suspend your account or access to services at any time.
We reserve the right, but we have no obligation to monitor any account and / or activities conducted by, or otherwise related services (including the invitation of a user to join a community or a group), and any use or access to personal data and the profiles other users by users.
Deactivate can also, end or suspend your account or access to certain services at any time: (1) if, at our sole discretion, the user has breached violet or make these conditions or their substance (as shown in our guidelines for the community), (2) if, at our sole discretion, the user has created a risk that we will establish or a possible legal responsibility for under armour, the general public, any third party or any user of our services, (3) in response to requests by the police or other government bodies, (4) in the event of termination or substantial modification of services, or (5) due to unforeseen technical problems.
Will warn the user via e-mail or as soon as the same tries to get access to the account after that decommissioning cessation or postponement.
1.5 security
Please inform us immediately if you think your account has been breached or compromise.
The safety of our users to us is very important.
Although do our utmost to protect the security of your personal data content that user, and your account, we can not guarantee that a third party, unauthorized is unable to overcome our security measures.
Please immediately notify our support team any violation access or unauthorised use of your account, actual and suspected.
2.
Properties and use of content
Definitions 2.1
Content are materials that are shown on your screen when used our services.
User relate to the content created by any sort of content created by you or by other users, while the content refer to all other au content.
For these conditions (i) the " content " refers to any form of information, data, including creative expression, for information purposes only, all video, audio, pictures, pictures, diagrams, animations, tools, the texts, ideas, communications, responses, the likes, the comments, the software, scripts, the executable files, graphs, maps paths, the geographical data, training and their data, biometric data and the data elements thereof, programmes of training, sleep, records, the nutrition information, recipes, interactive functions, the design, copyright, trademarks registered, marks relating to services, trademarks, logos and other similar items, patents, sounds, applications and any other type of intellectual property contained therein, each of which can be created, supplied or otherwise made
2.2 properties
You owners of content that created and at the same time we are those created by us.
All contents au and all copyrights, trademarks registered, the rights to the design, patents and any other type of intellectual property rights (recorded and unrecorded) contained in the under armour and / or services belong to its partners or third parties.
Every user ownership, responsibility and maintain / or other type of applicable law for the content, but grants under created yourself a licence for content, such as armour explained in section 2.5.
Under armour and / or its partners or third parties retain ownership, responsibility and / or other type of law applicable to all content au.
Except as expressly provided for by these conditions, no provision is designed to give a law or licence to use the contents au, including any type of content owned or controlled by our partners or other third parties.
User undertakes not to duplicate, publish, distribute, view, modify or create works derived from material submitted by services, unless it is expressly authorised in writing by under armour.
2.3 license that you give
Are invited to access and use the content and services au.
We strive to provide optimal experience for our consumers, please therefore respect our intellectual property rights and use only the content and services au as intended.
E.g. should not use our services or content au for commercial purposes without our permission.
We bees and other instruments that you can use to create your applications and your product.
For further information, contact us.
Osserviate provided that these conditions, there we grant a limited right, personal, non-transferable and not revocable exclusive and a license to access and use services and content au for personal non-commercial, provided that no (and not a third effettuiate consentiate either of the following:) to copy, modify, create a derivative work processes, perform decoding, selling, transferring, grant in a right in rem guarantee, grant a sub-licence in case, transfer or commercially exploit otherwise any rights included in the content or the services au.
2.4 guidelines for using acceptable
2.4.1 contained au.
Prejudice expressly permitted by the law applicable and authorised by under armour, not to change accepted, rent, rent paid, sell, supply or create work based on services, software derived services, or the contents au offered as part of services (different content from content that user), in whole or in part.
There pledged not to grant download, save the copy or content au except (s) for cases expressly allowed by the function of certain services (e.g. printed maps) as required by the specific guidelines and / or additional conditions applicable to such services, or (ii) only for your personal use or your files.
2.4.2 commercial use of services.
Services except for certain products and services supplied via the websites of the under armour and certain widgets that are available as instruments for owners of websites (collectively, the " trade instruments "), are exclusively intended for your personal use and not trade.
Shall not be used services (unlike some trade instruments) to sell a product or service, increase visits to your website or the website of a third party for commercial reasons, such as sales of advertising, or to take any action aimed at profit.
E.g. can't take the results of a survey on services, and show them, or copy exactly the riformattarli our home page or the pages containing the results on your website.
It is not allowed to perform our services. " " meta-search
If you want to use commercial services, otherwise than through trade tools, you must sign an agreement with us in advance.
For more information about the instruments trade, visit our portal developers.
Using trade tools, take note and accepted these conditions and any other term and additional conditions applicable to services selected.
2.4.3 creation of link services.
If you want to create a link to our services on your website or on your application, please follow these rules: (i) any type of link services should be a link text identified " under armour " (without using any other trademark logo, subject to copyright or any other good proprietary, owned or controlled by under armour) or other format type established by under armour, (ii) the aspect, the position and other elements of the links should not harm or weaken the good reputation of our marks; (iii) the link must " show " the domain name main services and not other pages within them, (iv) the appearance, position and other characteristics of the links should not give the impression that your organisation erroneously or body is sponsored by, or affiliated associated with under armour, (v) if checked, the link must show services full screen and not within a " box " on
2.5 license that we give
When published in relation to services, the content will be your property, however, we are authorized to use such material in relation to our services and make them available to the other.
Can edit or remove your content by our services at any time and for any reason.
Not published or that you are not content not your allowed to publish.
When content created by the user provided under through services, to give armour armour and our users a right under, irrevocable, royalty-free non-exclusive, in universal, and a licence transferable sublicenza for using the hosting, storage, storage in the cache, reproduction, the publication, the performance (public or otherwise), the representation (public or otherwise), distribution, transmission, the change, adaptation (including, not be limited to, adaptation to meet the requirements of any network device, service or through which the services are available average), marketing and the creation of derivative works and exploitation otherwise those contained in respect of services created by the user.
Take act and accepted that: (a) have the right to organise the publication of content created by the user in any way want; (b) under armour has no obligation to provide any kind of credit when using your content created by user, but if under armour chose, the amount and the placing of refuse credit are our total discretion; and you have no right to compensation © or other form of payment resulting from the use of your content created yourself.
Rights that give through this licence have only the order to enable under armour to manage and allow other users to use the services according to their function, improve services and develop new services.
Notwithstanding the above, we do not use your content created by the user in a manner not in accordance with the privacy settings you established within our services.
For information on how to handle your privacy settings for services, consulted the privacy policy
We reserve the right to monitor, remove or edit the content created by user for any reason and at any time, including the content created by user think constitute a breach of these conditions, the guidelines of the community and / or of our policies.
Accepted respect for intellectual property rights of others.
Guaranteed declared and have the necessary rights to grant this licence under armour for all content created by the user in respect of services and we invierete for any breach of this declaration and indennizzerete guarantee.
2.6 canvas
If share personal information to someone else, you first have to secure their support.
We hope that you will use to our services and encourage you to share your enthusiasm with your friends.
If choose to use the functions contained in our services to inform your friend on services, ask you to provide an e-mail address or the profile of social media of your friend, that we can use contact on services.
Can store information that we provided for a period of time, but not the public will.
You declared and guaranteed that are authorised to provide any information contact third-party there for us and for any indennizzerete fornirete reference to that return and guarantee violation.
2.7 conservation content
Bear in mind that when you material publicly available on the internet, it is virtually impossible to remove all copies in the future.
Following the closure of your account, or in case of removal of your content that user services, we can store for a reasonable period of time such material from the perspective for the backup, storage or commercial for any checks, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Also under armour and its users may retain and continue to use, storing, show, play, share, to create and distribute derivative works, represent any part of your content that user which have been stored or shared services through otherwise.
Similarly, please note that this licence on your user content that is still valid even if stop using the services.
If make public material, others may choose to with your comments content as part of a conversation on social networks.
For more information, see our privacy policy
2.8 content that user and fitness to participate in certain sports organisations
What is happening online may have an impact in the real world.
Certain sports organisations have rules about the amateur and suitability that could potentially be involved if published content created within the user services, even if you think a non-commercial nature.
Have responsibility to determine whether the publication of such contained within services may impair your ability to participate in any kind of sport, in accordance with the applicable rules of sports organisations.
2.9 your feedback
We value your feedback and we can use your suggestions to improve under armour and users throughout the world.
Thank you, keep your ideas send us!
If choose to send comments, ideas or feedback, through our website you send submission and we allowed to use idea these ideas without any restrictions and any remuneration for you.
Accepting material which sent under armour does not make the right to use their feedback or similar relevant under armour was aware before, developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
Must certify and declare that the information or the services are not feedback sent through confidential information or owners.
3.
Community guidelines
3.1 areas interactive
Our services often contain functions for the community.
Published content, through that, if such material may become public functions.
Can, though not always, monitor our community functions, and will be the main actors of your interactions with other users.
Please therefore to use common sense and act with integrity.
Some departments may include reviews, discussion forum, pages for the conversation, or other areas blog or allowing you interactive social functions and to other users to publish the content created by the user and interact among yourselves (" areas. " interactive
You guilty of how used areas content created by the user that interactive and published, including liability for transmission, accuracy and completeness of content created by the user.
Because very often these areas are public areas, know that interactive your content created by user can be made and remain public.
We suggest you therefore not to disclose any personal data in the area interactive.
We have the right, but we are obliged to monitor, functions of our community.
You guilty of your interactions with other users, both online and in person, including, for information purposes only, the responsibility for their comments, the challenges and competitions friendly.
We do not assume any obligation or liability for loss or damage resulting from the interaction with other users using services, with individuals who know, or through the services of individuals who are in contact with you because of what you published on services.
Under armour has no obligation to become involved and excludes any liability relating to disputes between its users and raised under armour from any liability arising or related to such disputes.
3.2 community guidelines
Our services are intended to provide a safe environment and support to help you reach your goals fitness and welfare.
Users shall not be used our services to publish material, for people, send inappropriate molest spam, violating the rights of intellectual property or act inappropriately.
Try and be sensible and to act responsibly.
Our services are intended to create a community safe and support for all users.
To maintain a safe environment and positive demand to accept and comply with certain rules (" the guidelines of the community ') when the content that are published by the user and where using the services.
Our guidelines of the community are based in many cases on the principles of applicable law.
Infringements of the guidelines of the community can therefore expose yourself to complaints and civil liability.
Using services, accepted that your content created by the user and your using services including, not be limited to areas interactive, do not constitute a breach of the community guidelines.
Infringements guidelines of the community, we reserve the right to suspend your access to services.
Nothing inappropriate.
Published content that can be persecutors not threatening, insulting, vanity, or for other members of the insulting embarrassing.
Not allowed any reference offensive to sex, gender, age, weight, the size, disability, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation, or any approval on the violence against individuals or groups, although expressed with humor.
This includes, for example, use stereotypes about a group or a community of people.
Content diffamatori, not published, offensive, pornographic, indecent incitement to hatred, bombs, or promoting material sexually explicit.
You disagree with respect to a message, a publication or an argument, but please do not attack other users or deridendoli insultandoli.
Where you to be attacked by another user, and answer the provocation, you could be under the same consequences.
No hijacking, or trolling. flame-baiting
If related to our forum, the subject of intervention, existing stand firmly and published interventions in appropriate forum.
Publish action not relating to the subject of the forum is considered " hijacking. "
This includes publications designed to encourage or provocative protests.
No promotion of techniques for the loss of weight or risky eating disorders.
Is not allowed to use the services to promote or enhance levels nutritional dangerously low.
Similarly please do not give your role in the following content, which could be removed without any prior notice:
Content designed to promote products or procedures for weight loss risky, including food supplements or questionable without a prescription or of the sector of marketing (marketing). multi-level multi-level MLM
Profiles groups, messages, publications or the comments that encourage anorexia, bulimia or restricted diet.
This includes positive references on anorexia, bulimia / substances or starvation. purgative car
Photographs aimed at optimizing the extreme. magrezza
Not harm children.
Unused services in any way that could harm children (or anyone else.
Interruption exploitation or abuse of resources.
You must not interfere or cause harm to the functioning of the service, including through unauthorised use, switching attacks automated, exploitation or abuse of our resources
Sending spam or not junk.
Not sent through publications, replies or spam messages.
Nothing illegal.
Should not support any action to promote or facilitate fraudulent or illegal (e.g. violence, fiction or the misuse of computer).
Not require personal data.
Please not to publish or require personal data about or by a third party, including data such as photographs, phone numbers, addresses, surname, e-mail address and password within the areas interactive.
Not to publish queries.
Publish messages must not private or contained in e-mails receive by other users, by the moderator or by the administrator.
Any violation of the legal obligations.
Publish content that you must not constitute a violation of legal or contractual obligations vis-à-vis third parties.
No misleading or fraudulent link.
Publish misleading or fraudulent must not link.
This includes, for example, to provide misleading descriptions, enter the link " source " in a wrong publication, set on images, or external link misleading integrate the link on announcements or interstitial pop-up.
Any violation of intellectual property.
Must respect the intellectual property of others.
If there is permitted to use works protected by intellectual property rights, third or similar works, (both due to the licence or exceptions and limitations as the fair use), no legal publish it.
In particular, if you have reason to believe that some content created by user who within our services displayed constitute a violation of your intellectual property rights and those of other individuals, please refer to section intellectual property / of our conditions. dmca
Not pretend to be under armour or other persons.
Published deceive people could not content, or used to pretend to be other people, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with other people, including under armour.
Create an account with a view to deceive other users or to circumvent the suspension is not allowed and will be reason for the permanent ban to use the services.
No query automatic.
Not sent query whatsoever systems and automatic networks that we use to deliver services without having received our consent in writing.
Various.
Published content not contain aspects which might be considered, for absolute discretion under armour, or to prevent other people the questionable use of services, or that may constitute a damage or a responsibility of any kind for under armour or for our users.
Not published content which could harm or weaken the good reputation under armour or of our marks.
If let been violating the guidelines of the community, or has otherwise violated these conditions, we can take action to deal with the issue, including, for information, the withdrawal of your right to use the services, the removal of your content created by the user, to take legal action for you (in which case we can recover reasonable costs and lawyers ' fees) or the dissemination of information to the judicial authorities.
We reserve the right to apply or not these guidelines at community discretion, and these guidelines we alone do not constitute a duty or a contractual obligation whereby we are expected to act in a particular way.
3.3 reporting of content created by user questionable
People protest-related content inappropriate content sites on created by users.
We do our best to ensure that the community is a secure, protected environment (users comply with our guidelines from the community shall help), but you might encounter content of this kind before we had the opportunity to eliminate them.
If you notice anything that you please inform us questionable.
While demand for all our users to comply with the guidelines of the community and we reserve the right to monitor any breaches, we are able to ensure continuous observance by users of the guidelines of the community or of these conditions.
If you think the substance on our services constitute a breach of the guidelines for the community, or whether you are aware, or suspected that someone is abusing your content created by the user, please report it to support team.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to review and take action or remove any content generated by users from you reported.
Recognize and take note that when services or used in any other them accedete way, you can be exposed to content created by the user from different sources, and that we do not have any responsibility in the accuracy, the usefulness, security, the law, the appropriateness or the intellectual property rights of, or for such content created yourself.
We responsible for any injury or damage resulting from content created by the user nature or fail to respect of questionable, other users of our community guidelines.
4.
Intellectual property / dmca
Comply with the laws on intellectual property.
If you notice something wrong, please send an e-mail with details to Connectedfitnessip @ ua.com
If you think the content created by the user, or the contents au, breach of the laws on copyright or the national mark or the united states, please inform us using the contact information contained in these conditions.
Our policy is to examine any alleged breach segnalataci.
If identified a possible breach, please provide:
Identification of the material of the infringement.
Material information to identify the user considers constitute an infringement, including its position, in sufficient detail to enable us to verify their existence and reperirlo.
Contact details of the notifying party (the " "), including notifying party name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.
A statement that the notifying party believes in good faith, that the publication of the material is not authorised by the holder, its agent or by law.
Declaration subject to a charge of perjury that the information provided in the communication are accurate and that the notifying party is authorized to submit a complaint on behalf of the holder.
Physical or electronic signature of a person authorised to act on behalf of the holder of material which was allegedly breached.
Communication user has to be signed with physical or electronic signature () and should be sent to the following address:
Copyright agent
C / o under armour, inc.
1020 hull street
Baltimore, md 21230
Connectedfitnessip @ ua.com
User notes that the failure to comply with all the requirements of this section may make its communication invalid.
Some information provided in the communication on an infringement may be forwarded to the user that published the content that is presumably a violation.
The united states, according to article 512 (f), an individual who dmca that a material or activity is deliberately breach, may be subject to responsibility.
For more information on how to prepare or to respond to a communication in the dmca, consulted and / or www.copyright.gov / for more information on www.uspto.gov trademark trademark rights.
5.
Link and services third-party
Our services can connect, or be available on interact services or products from third parties, such as social media and the devices of third parties.
If accedete a service or to a product third-party, you must realise that what your use of such services may apply conditions and policies on privacy different.
5.1 social networking and login
Can be enabled or access to services via different services third-party, e.g. social media and services social networks like facebook or twitter (" services ") social networks.
So that you may take advantage of these functions and function, we can ask you to, or access to services autenticarvi registrarvi social networking sites of their provider.
Under this integration services social networks give us access to some information you provided, and these information will be used, stored and disseminated by our privacy policy.
Please remember that the conditions under which those services third-party (including services social networking) use, store, and your information is governed exclusively by disclose policies services and we have no obligation or third-party liability for privacy practices or for other actions services and websites for third parties that may be licensed within our services.
Also we are not responsible with regard to the accuracy, the availability or the reliability of information, content, products, data, the views, advice or allegations made available in relation to the services social networks.
Therefore we are not responsible for any damage or loss, real or alleged, resulting from or in connection with the use of, or the reliability of these services of social networks.
5.2 third-party applications
You may be able to access to some link, applications, contents, services, promotion, special offers or other events or activities of third parties (" third-party applications ") through our services.
Choose if access to such third-party applications, there may be required to access and sync your account with those applications.
You do not have in no way to use the third-party applications, your access and use of these applications is entirely at your peril and we ourselves have no responsibility.
Also we are not responsible with regard to the accuracy, the availability, or the reliability of information, content, products, data, the views, advice or allegations made available by third-party applications.
Therefore, we are not responsible for any damage or loss, real or alleged, resulting from or related to the use of, or the reliability of these third-party applications.
5.3 products third-party
Is access to our services on devices or other products of third parties (" products '), and third parties the possibility of using some of the functions of services may require the purchase of products for third parties (e.g. detectors for fitness).
While can advise, promote products or market of some partners, we do not have any responsibility for your purchase or use of the products of third parties, and we do not ensure that these products will work together with the services or will be free from error.
Therefore rule out any responsibility for third-party products, including products third-party offered by our partners.
5.4 services, activities and events third-party
Our services may include the possibility to discover, have access or participate in some services, activities or events (" activities third-party ").
Examples and non-exhaustive, you can use the under armour we will for access to information and the opportunities for voluntary third registrarvi parties.
Activities third-party offered and provided by third parties, under armour.
Your presence and participation in the activities of third parties is exclusively at your peril.
Under armour shall not assume any responsibility for actions, errors or omissions from third parties, including, for information purposes only, those arising from, or otherwise related to the presence of a user, the use or the participation in the activities third-party discoveries taken through the services, or or recorded by performance or loss performance of any third party in relation to the services.
Under armour is not a providers ' representative activities from third parties.
6.
Mobile services
Although we seek to make our applications available on many, can not guarantee that those applications platforms are compatible with your device (though you can alert the in case of applications or customer care problems; we want to help.
If used our applications, will apply your standard rates for data and message, in addition to the rules of the app store where discharged those applications.
6.1 considerations on the device and the phone provider wireless
To use or access to our applications, you need a compatible device.
We can not guarantee that applications will compatible with, or available for your device.
Not effettuiamo charge for the use of some basic applications, but you could pay committees to use some applications and functions premium.
Also applies charges and commissions of your telephone company for messages and data.
6.2's explicit consent for text messages and furniture
Downloading or using our applications, agreed that we can communicate expressly on the transactions that you started on our services, or answering your communications you sent through services in sms, mms, message text, or other type of electronic tool, directly on your device, and that there may be disclosed information about your use of applications, automatically from the device.
There send messages of direct marketing without your prior explicit written consent and you can refuse explicitly receive messages marketing on our part at any time.
6.3 licence for the mobile applications
There bestow a licence limited staff non-exclusive, non-transferable basis non-assignable in, to use our sublicenza revocable discharged directly from a market authorized applications only in format code, for your personal use for legitimate.
In relation to codes open source or third parties which may be incorporated in applications, such codes are licensed in open source or third parties, if applicable, authorising the use of these codes.
6.4 app store
If discharged our applications from an app store third-party (the " supplier "), take the application and accepted that act:
These conditions are an agreement with us and not with the supplier of the application.
Under armour and as agreed between the supplier of the application, under armour is responsible only with their own applications;
Supplier applying has no obligation to provide maintenance services and support relating to applications under armour.
If non-compliance applications under armour any guarantee (s) applicable, which you can convey this to the supplier of the application may the purchase price applications rimborsarvi (if applicable), (ii) insofar as is permitted by the law applicable, the supplier of the application will have no other obligation concerning the applications, and (iii) any other complaint, loss, damage, responsibility, cost or non-compliance to guarantee expenditure attributable to, will be the responsibility of under armour, as agreed between under armour and the supplier of the application;
Supplier application is not required to treat any complaints about the applications or your possession and use of applications;
If a third party claims that an application is a violation of intellectual property rights of another party, under armour of surveys, shall be deemed responsible for defence, of the resolution and the discharge of the complaint to the extent required under these conditions, as agreed between under armour and the supplier of the application;
The supplier of the application and the related companies are considered third parties in receipt of these conditions, since they are connected to your licence for applications.
Upon acceptance of these conditions, the supplier of the application will have the right (and shall be deemed to have accepted this law) to enforce these conditions in relation to your licence for applications, as the third part of the same beneficiary; and
When used applications, you also have to respect all service conditions applicable to third party.
7.
Payment services
If you choose to register to one of our payment services apply payment deadlines and billing:
Services payment and billing itself automatically unless may be erased.
You can delete at any time.
7.1 payment terms
Some services are offered in the premium (the " premium ") to services payment.
Added premium, and using the services expressyour and any consensus on our terms term and additional condition described here.
Agreed also to give your right of withdrawal of 14 days when there services as much as premium iscrivete permitted by the law applicable, so that you will be able to access it immediately.
Services premium will provide access to certain products, services, functions and function (for example, improved graphs and analyses premium and the possibility of sailing advertisements).
Registrandovi premium and using the services, including registration for tests free services, accepted to pay any premium or applying to commission expenditure premium (as expenditure on the services subscription).
Recorded if you services providing information on the premium, you have your method of payment (" method of payment ') preferred.
This information must be complete and accurate, and you will be guilty of keep them up to date.
We authorised to collect by automatic debiting or ach, from your method of payment, charges for services premium and appropriate for any other purchase to through services. you will be choosing
You choose to pay for services premium on an annual or monthly.
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees due for services shall be payable in advance and premium will be invoiced automatically on the method of payment at the beginning of each month or every year, where applicable.
Unless otherwise indicated, services premium is automatically until you decide will renew to cancel your access to services premium.
All purchases services premium are considered ineligible and final except for our discretion and according to the rules governing each service premium.
7.2 termination and cancellation of services premium
If unpaid fees or charges payable for the use of services, we can take any reasonable action for premium and solve this question; however, comunicarvelo we reserve the right to disable or stop your access to services premium (and can do this without notice).
Can cancel services premium at any time.
You can find more information about the way in which erase it here.
Once you have removed your services premium and you have received confirmation, you can not make any changes to your account.
The cancellation of a service premium will enter into force at the end of your current cycle of invoicing and shall have the same level of access to services premium during the period that residual cycle billing.
For example, if you get every month and made the cancellation during billing a month, there will be charged the whole month and you can keep access to services premium until the end of this month.
For termination or cancellation of your services, there are no premium.
More abbonarvi to a service if you do not, you will be held responsible for the premium cancellation of that service in due time, regardless of whether or not actively used this service premium.
7.3 amendments to the tariffs
As much as permitted by the law applicable, we can change our prices for services premium at any time.
Will give you a reasonable notice of such changes prices publishing prices on, or through new services premium and / or a notification by e-mail. inviandovi
If you do not pay the new prices, you can erase the services before the entry into force of the amendment premium.
7.4 codes for discounts, good or gifts
If you have received a code for a discount, a good or a tribute on a service premium, in addition to the terms and conditions of the code shall apply the specific terms and conditions:
Collect code a discount or a good, service and entered the code premium accedete to benefit from the promotion.
All codes of discounts, gifts and good may only be used when there with a services account in premium and which have not yet subscribers services premium.
Codes discounts, gifts and good may not be combined with other discount, sales promotion, or can not be changed, good and reimbursed or replaced collected to receive cash or for the payment of account.
Collect code a discount or a good, may be required method of payment.
Are required to use a code of a discount, a good or a tribute before the end, and the codes expired may not be repaid or their validity extended.
Also you should close the premium service before the end of a period free or subject to discount, if you do not continue to use the service premium to the normal price.
The terms and conditions of a code of a discount, a good or a tribute may include further restrictions on the specific use, including, for information purposes only, the type of plan, the duration of the service charge or dates, premium granted voucher, and / or the quantities bought.
Under armour reserves the right to cancel the promotion on discounts and good at any time.
7.5 tests free
Sometimes offer free evidence of our services or other promotional offers premium (called " free "). individually test
Proof free provides access to services there for a certain period of time, premium and details will be specified at the time when the tender there. iscrivete
In order to sign up to a free, you will give us your test method of payment preferred.
As soon as you sent your details payment, your test will begin. free
Objections will not be made until the end of test period free of charge.
Unless annulliate subscription before the end of the test, or free unless otherwise stated, your access to the service premium is automatically and there will be charged will renew the tariffs applicable for that service premium using the method of payment provided.
All expenditure incurred shall be considered as final and ineligible except for our discretion and according to the rules governing each service premium.
Can send a reminder when the test period free is running out, but these notifications are not guaranteed.
Are deemed to be aware when it expires proof, if you decide not to pay free services premium after expiry of the test period free of charge.
If you do not want to pay the premium, you must delete your subscription services before the end of the probationary period free of charge.
Depending on the particular premium applicable, you will have no access to the service premium as soon as the end of the probationary period cancelled or free of charge.
Once you have removed your evidence free and you have received confirmation, you can't restore the trial period, even if you haven't used for the entire duration of the offer.
Functions content and services premium may be changed in any time, and we can not guarantee that a function or a specific content will be available throughout the trial period free of charge.
The fare when there will be the same for the test free iscrivete at maturity, unless there is informed otherwise.
We reserve the right to our sole discretion, to change or cease any evidence offered in free, your access to services premium during the test, or free these conditions without notice and compulsory.
Can not register to more than one test free a service premium at the same time and we reserve the right to restrict your eligibility for free. multiple tests
8.
Purchases and e-commerce
Under shopping can be applied to armour further terms and conditions relating to electronic commerce.
See such terms and conditions below... we would also with regard to our policies relating to give you any information, of foreign exchange, stores, refunds taxes, shipments and other policies that apply to the time of purchase.
If applications under armour, please contact the shopping our team support please consult these policies before making purchases through under armour shopping.
9.
Physical activity and indications dietary
Us is very important for the health of users and reach its goals of fitness.
Be responsible and used your good judgment and common sense.
Provide our services only for information purposes, and we can not be held liable in the event of injury or if something goes wrong.
In particular, while most of the content in by other users of our community are useful, it should be realised that the contents come from strangers and must never take precedence over your judgment or with the opinions real doctors.
9.1 safety first
Under armour for your own safety is important.
Should always consult with your health care providers and take into consideration the risks before using our services in relation to any exercise programme, fitness or welfare or any programmes or dietary indications.
Using our services, accepted and declared have received the consent of the guaranteed your doctor to take part in programmes and prosperity, to training, fitness for years and any exercise made available in relation to the services, and consulting your doctor prior to making any changes to your diet according to the information available through the services.
The conditions and the capacity of each of us are different, and participate in the activities promoted by our services is at your peril.
If chose to participate in such activities, you do for your free choice and initiative, and knowing all the risks associated with these assumendovi voluntarily activities.
Activities promoted by services may involve risks even for those who have a good state of health.
Understand and accept that, and we will not be responsible for will not run, physical examinations, monitor, to perform or preparations to perform any activity relating to, or you have access or showed through services (e.g. challenges presented or created by the community; routes, officially competitions or similar activities; activities of any friendly training individual or group activities; third parties, or other events and activities using our services).
Maps directions, and other gps data or navigation, including data related to your position, may not be available, inaccurate and incomplete.
Encourage you to put safety first, to follow the traffic regulations, not to change the settings on your device while you're moving or in danger zones and to be constantly vigilant and examine this around you when you fit.
Expressly accepted that your physical activities, which could result the content created by user who published or try to publish on or through services (e.g., run, walk, cycling, trekking) and that some activities third-party involve certain risks of material damage, injury or death, and that there all the known risks and not voluntarily assumente associated with these activities, even though, in whole or in part, caused by the action, the lack of action, or neglect of armour, or the action under inaction or negligence by others.
Unless otherwise indicated in these conditions, and as much as permitted by the law applicable, we are not responsible, either directly or indirectly, any injury or damage resulting from your physical activities or the inability to use, or use of services or functions of services, including the content or activities to which you have access or services (e.g. apprendete through our activity third-party as a yoga class), even if, in whole or in part, caused by the action, the lack of action, or the behaviour of manslaughter or other under armour.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, accepted that we do not assume any responsibility specifically about the activities of third parties or other asset on the race, in invitations to lessons, physical activity or event using or is promoted by, or to which it has access through the services.
9.2 being on the accuracy and reliability of content
Not rilasciamo no statement concerning the accuracy, reliability or guarantee, the completeness and timeliness of the content made available through services, and we do not assume any commitment to update of that content.
Also content created by the user, including councils, declarations, or other type of information, including, not be limited to, information about food, food, indications, indications for years or dietary training, activities and records on databases for years athletic, are not created by and we can not under armour rely without an independent review.
Created yourself for the content and made public that sent privately, will take responsibility the user who created these exclusive content created yourself.
All information is given as " are " without statements, guarantees or conditions of any kind with regard to their accuracy or reliability.
Not all users can identify as coaches professionals or are trained to practise in all authorised dieticians jurisdictions.
Under armour has not and is not meeting any obligation to ensure that users who identify as coaches authorised or are actually authorised this
Now if you think a coach or a declared to be guaranteed and authorised diet doctor actually authorised to provide the services offered in the jurisdiction in which offer these services.
Users should also bear in mind that even if a user is authorised in another jurisdiction, a coach that does not mean that user coach is authorised in which jurisdiction other users access councils that user.
So if you rely on advice from other users, you do at your peril.
To the extent permitted by the law applicable under any circumstances under armour will be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from rely on the information or the advice provided by any users of our services.
9.3 no advice
We aim to provide useful information of a general nature for our community, not a medical opinion.
Services are not medical devices, and the data provided that they are not intended to be used for medical purposes or to diagnose, treat, treating or preventing diseases, disorders or injuries.
As much as permitted by the law applicable, that we do not provide any medical opinion expressly accepted through the services.
All content provided via the services is provided by us that other users or third parties (even if someone could claim to be a doctor.)
Will not and should not replace (a) the opinion of your doctor or other health professionals, (b) a visit or consultation with your doctor, called or other health professionals or (c) information on packaging or labels of the products.
To the extent permitted by the law applicable, we're not responsible regarding any health problems that could result from training programmes, by recommendations from, products or dietary advice by events referred to come to their knowledge through services.
If applications for your health, please call or consult your doctor or other healthcare provider immediately.
Emergency calls, to your doctor or your local medical emergency services immediately.
Your using services does not constitute or create patient-physician relationship, or other relationship with terapista-paziente nurse under armour and between you.
9.4 success stories not typical
The success stories published by users or under armour on our services could not represent results obtained from a particular or even typical accurate activities fitness or diet.
Insofar permitted by the law applicable under armour has not and is not meeting any obligation or liability associated with accuracy, reliability or the effectiveness of any activity fitness or dietary recommendation given in success stories of any users.
9.5 accuracy
Services are intended to provide information to encourage you to support your activities fitness and welfare.
Some services are targeted to detect your movements and your sleep (" services for detection activities ').
These services for the detection of activities rely on sensors and / or compromised gps your movement and your showing off.
The data and information supplied by the services for detection activities will provide your business, but may not be entirely accurate, including as regards the steps, sleep, the speed, distance or data on calories.
Using services for the detection of activities, take note and accepted that under armour is not responsible for any inaccuracies in the data.
Residents if you're in new jersey and the netherlands:
Notwithstanding established in this document, no provision in these conditions limit or exclude any responsibility for under armour for loss or damage resulting from fraud or gross negligence, recklessness wilful misconduct.
10.
Modifications to the conditions and the specific conditions for product
As under armour and improves, we may have to amend grows to these conditions or include additional conditions that are specific to certain products.
10.1 updates of these conditions
Under armour reserves the right to amend these conditions (i) publishing and / or through the amended conditions on services, and / or (ii) in advance the substantial changes in the conditions notificandovi, usually via e-mail, as far as possible, and in some other way through services (e.g. through a notification on the home page of websites under armour or on our applications).
Unless it is required by law, the changes are not backward.
Sometimes we can ask you to review and to accept or refuse a modified version of these conditions.
In such cases, the amendments will effect since accepted the amended conditions.
If has not yet given your approval to new terms, there will be allowed to use the services.
Where request you not to accept specifically an amended version of conditions, the amended will take effect from the date specified in the conditions.
If choose to keep an account of access or use the services (regardless of whether you have created an account) after this date, accepted the terms and conditions of the conditions, as amended.
Unless accepted the amendments, there will be allowed to use the services must discontinue and use.
10.2 specific conditions for product
Richiedervi can also accept conditions, rules, policies, guidelines or other additional conditions (collectively, " specific conditions for product " which are specific to certain services (e.g. trade tools).
In such cases, there may be required to give your assent to these specific conditions for the product.
E.g. might have a check box, or click a button marked with " i accept. "
Where specific conditions for the product are different from the conditions, the specific conditions for product, or change the conditions, will replace but only as regards the subject of specific conditions for the product.
11.
No guarantee
Unless prohibited by law, under specifically excludes any guarantee, declaration or armour insurance of any kind, both verbal and written, expressed, legal implied, or other factors, including, not be limited to the implicit guarantees of merchantability, suitability for specific purposes and not to breach to the maximum extent permitted by the law.
Services and all will be provided ' as they are, " " second " availability and with all the gaps.
Without restriction to as above, recognize that as much as permitted by the law applicable, we do not provide any guarantee concerning quality, accuracy, timeliness, accuracy, completeness, reliability of services and the availability or content.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, we do not ensure that (i) services will meet your requirements or provide specific results, (ii) the operation of services will not be interrupted, without virus or errors, or other evidence harmful, or (iii) any errors will be corrected.
Any council minutes or written provided by our representatives or from us is not, and will not, any guarantees.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, also give no statement or guarantee whatsoever concerning the content, in particular the content created by the user shall be supplied by users and exclusive responsibility lies with the users who provide such content.
No council and oral, written or information obtained from users or through services, will be no guarantee issued.
So take note and accepted that the use of services is at your peril and there the whole risk as regards the quality, you get the performance, the accuracy and tested.
12.
Limitation of liability
Are creating better services for you, but we can not promise you that will be perfect.
Not are responsible for everything that could go wrong following your using services.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable under any circumstances (including, for information purposes only, the cases of guilt) companies under armour related, partners and telephone operators will be responsible for you or against third parties for (a) any direct damage, indirect special custody exemplary punishment, or of any kind consequential; (b) loss of profit, profit data, reputation or other intangible damage relating to your loss; © access, use, inability to access and use services; (d) damage relating to conduct or the content of third parties or by people who use the services, including, for information purposes only, the conduct or content, offensive or defamatory illegal; and / or (e) otherwise damage linked to content third-party, products from third parties or activities third-party to which it has access through the services.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, this limitation applies to all complaints, is based on the guarantee contract, on facts or on any other illegal legal theory, whether under armour was informed of the possibility of such damage, and if it turns out that a remedy that has been described in this fails.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, the total liability of armour, with respect to any complaint submitted under according to these conditions, including the implicit guarantees, is limited to the sum of $ 1,000 more () or the amount you 1.000,00 $ paid to use services during the past 12 months.
In particular, to the extent permitted by the law applicable, we are not responsible for the complaints arising from (a) your using services (including, for information purposes only, your participation in activities promoted or which you had access through services), (b) the use, dissemination, display or maintenance of personal data, (c) any other type of a user interaction with us or with the people who use the services, even though we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, or (d) other content, information services and goods received through the, or advertised on services, or received through the link provided within their services.
To the extent permitted by the law applicable, take note and we accepted services and set the prices of services on the basis of exclusions guarantee and liability restrictions laid down in these liberatorie conditions that guarantee such exclusions and limitations of liability reflect a liberatorie risk-sharing reasonable and equitable between us and you, and that these exclusions guarantee and liability restrictions constitute a basis liberatorie essential of our agreement.
Without such exclusions guarantee and limitations of liability, we will not be liberatorie able to give you the services on a reasonable basis by economically.
Residents california: if you give up your rights under article 1542 of the civil code of california, where it is stated that " a free-for-all general does not extend to the complaints which the creditor is not aware of or not suspected the existence in favour of the time of enforcement of being that if this were aware, could have influenced materially on its agreement with the debtor.
Residents if you're in new jersey: notwithstanding as set out in this document, no provision in these conditions limit or exclude any liability au for loss or damage resulting from fraud or gross negligence, recklessness wilful misconduct.
13.
Compensation
User live in the us or in any country other than france or germany: as much as permitted by the law applicable to indemnify and accepted under armour, companies to it manlevare related suppliers and other partners from any complaint or claim, including lawyers ' fees and accounting, made by a third party because of, or resulting from (a) the use of content created by the user to which you have access and share through services; (b) your using services; your physical activities related to © services (including, for information purposes only, the physical activities relating to games, racing, group activities, the activities of third parties or other event type that can sponsor, participate, or organise, which they are used services); (d) your connection services; (e) your breach of these conditions; (f) your use, or use of personal data of users, wrong; (g) any breach
We reserve the right, at the expense of the user, to take the defence and control of any matter for which the user is required to these conditions, and the second indennizzarci user agrees to cooperate with us defence of such requests.
User lies in france or germany: despite the above, accepted to indemnify companies and armour to it under manlevare related suppliers and other partners of any complaint, including lawyers ' fees or claim and accounting, made by a third party because of, or resulting from (a) the use of content created by the user to which you have access through services; (b) your breach of these conditions, your use, or use © mistaken, of personal data of users, (d) any violation of the rights of other persons or bodies from you, o (e) your using services to meet another user to identify a person or place and take part in an event offline.
We reserve the right, at the expense of the user, to take the defence and control of any matter for which the user is required to these conditions, and the second indennizzarci user agrees to cooperate with us defence of such requests.
Residents if you're in new jersey: notwithstanding as set out in this document, no provision in these conditions it imposes an obligation to for complaints arising from fraud, reckless indennizzarci, gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
14.
Applicable law
User live in the us or another country outside the european union: these conditions will be governed and interpreted according to the laws of the state of maryland and the federal law of the united states, where applicable, irrespective of the provisions on conflict of laws.
If user lies in the european union: these conditions will be governed and interpreted according to the laws of the state of the netherlands, without regard to the application of the rules on conflict of laws.
15.
Disputes and arbitration court and jurisdiction
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, user and under armour agree that any dispute settlement procedure will be carried out only on an individual basis and not through collective action, unified or representative.
Unless forbidden us and you we agree to refer any dispute relating to your use general services to arbitration staff and, according to the rules of Arbitration exclusive american association.
For more information on arbitration, visit the site www.adr.org.
Any arbitration between the user and we, as necessary, will be conducted in baltimore, maryland, and the user renunciation of any right to complain that there is a hole inadequate.
User citarci agrees not to before the courts or to submit a dispute to arbitration in another forum.
Arbitration will be conducted in english.
Appointed an arbitrator is independent and impartial according to the rules of the american Arbitration association.
User and we are ready to comply with the following rules, which are intended to simplify the process of dispute resolution and to reduce costs and the burden on individuals involved:
Procedure arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online, and / or will be based only on written documents, and specific arrangements should be chosen by the party which starts the procedure;
Arbitration does not require the appearance of the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise agreed in writing by both parties;
Any judgment on the ruling may be presented in any court the referee competent court.
Save in exceptional circumstances, the referee will issue its decision within 120 days from the date on which he was appointed.
Referee may extend that time limit for additional 30 days in the interests of justice.
All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential, and all the records are sealed permanently, except in the case is deemed necessary to obtain confirmation of the court of arbitration award.
The ruling of the referee will writing and will include a statement describing the reasons for the final agreement.
Also take note and understand that, compared to any dispute against us or linked to the resulting retains an account, your access or use the services:
Give up your right to trial before a grand jury.
Give up your right to act as representative, prosecutor general or any other private or representative capacity participate as member of a group of claimants, any legal action on this dispute; and
You complain within a (1) year since the complaint showed, or excluded.
If this provision regarding the arbitration is considered null and void value, then any dispute emerged between us pursuant to these conditions will be under the jurisdiction of the courts state and federal based in baltimore, maryland, and you and we accept the jurisdiction staff and the forum for such courts.
This arbitration agreement does not prevent you or under armour to request a court of competent jurisdiction remedies in support of the provisional, including, without limitation, arbitration orders suspend legal action, force to arbitration or confirm an arbitration award.
Also this arbitration agreement does not prevent you or under armour of (i) require the appropriate court of competent jurisdiction a restraining order temporary, an injunction or other interim measures or precautionary preliminary as appropriate, or (ii) applies in any court federal or state for disputes concerning an infringement or possible violation of intellectual property rights of under armour.
If dispute or arising from, or related to arbitration these conditions or with the services provided, the party that prevails shall be entitled to require the other party reimbursement of all reasonable costs incurred, including the time staff, the litigation costs, lawyers ' fees and any other type of expenditure on such litigation or arbitration.
If you are resident within the eu: save provision to the contrary in these terms, if any is a dispute that you and you can not resolve under armour, you have the right to submit a complaint via http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
Except as provided for in these conditions, we do not participate in no schema adr.
Also no provision in these conditions restrict the rights of user to promote legal action against under armour in local courts of their place of residence.
Disputes emerged pursuant to these conditions between the user and under armour will be under the jurisdiction of the courts non-exclusive based in place of domicile of the user or in the courts sites in holland, and the user and we accept the jurisdiction staff and the forum for such courts.
Residents if you are in finland, in derogation from in these conditions, if there was controversy you under armour and you can not resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint to the committee for the consumer disputes or other local body concerned.
If are resident in denmark: notwithstanding as laid down in these conditions, if there was controversy that you and you can not resolve, under armour you have the right to submit a complaint to the authority danish competition and consumer protection (Konkurrence- og forbrugerstyrelsen, center for Klageløsning, carl 35 2500; jacobsens vej valby e-mail: @ kfst.dk cfk)
If residents are in south korea, in derogation from in these conditions, no provision conditions restrict the rights of user to promote legal action against under armour in local courts of their place of residence.
16.
Terms of international
If you're not resident in the united states and have access to services outside the united states, accepted to transfer some information outside of your nation and to follow all the applicable law.
Our services are provided by a community of users global.
However, our server and our activities are based mainly in the united states and our policies and procedures shall be based mainly on the us law.
Therefore, the following provisions apply specifically users who reside outside of the united states: (i) given by the user consent to the transfer, storage and handling of his information, including, for example, the content created by the user and personal data, the united states and / or in other countries; (ii) if the user uses the services in a country subject to embargo by the united states, or is in the list of the treasury department of the united states of Specially designated " (nationals organisations or special designation), citizens is not allowed to access or use the services; and (iii) the user agrees to comply with all the laws, regulations and local requirements, including, for example, all the laws, regulations and the regulations in force in the country where the user is and where access to services.
Services are not intended for distribution or use by individuals or bodies in any jurisdiction or where the distribution or use would nation against the law and the regulation, or under armour or affiliated with the sottoporrebbero registration requirements within that jurisdiction or nation.
Names used for countries and regions in these conditions, the policy on privacy and any other function or associated documents are based on terminology database of the un.
If user lies in the european union, in hong kong, in russia, in new zealand or in south korea: notwithstanding as set out in these conditions, certain jurisdictions may not allow the waiver or the restriction of certain guarantees, responsibility or damage under law war, therefore, some exclusions and restrictions contained in these conditions may not be applicable to the user.
Any provision in these conditions limit or exclude our responsibility for (1) statements made by us, (2) fraudulent death or personal injury caused by our fault or wilful misconduct, or (3) non-enforcement of contractual obligations materials.
Residents if you're in new zealand, in derogation from in these conditions, no provision contained in conditions limit or exclude our responsibility or the rights of the user (as consumer) for the purposes of consumer Guarantees act of 1993 or of fair trading act of 1986.
If residents are in germany, france, austria or finland: in derogation from in these conditions, the expression " as much as permitted by the law, " and other expressions of similar effect will be considered deleted at any point conditions and have no value and effectiveness.
, Living in japan: if you are in derogation from in these conditions, no provision conditions limit or exclude our responsibility or rights user (as consumer) for the purposes of consumer contract act.
If residents are in south korea, in derogation from in these conditions, any changes to these conditions will be announced on the website before the effective date, unless the user delivers its intention to refuse this amendment or change after a reasonable period of time following the announcement, it is considered that the user has given its agreement to this amendment or change.
17.
Survival
If our relationship or these conditions cease, that all other rights will not limit or, and any provision in these remedies available terms which can survive to ensure proper implementation of the purpose and the intention of these conditions, will survive even after the termination, including, for information purposes only, section 2 (properties and use of content), section 9 (physical activity and indications, section 11 (dietary) no guarantee), section 12 (limitations of liability), section 13 (compensation), section 15 (disputes and arbitration court and jurisdiction) and section 17 (survival).
18.
Miscellaneous
Know that between us there is no joint venture, partnership, working or agency, in relation to conditions or your use of services.
Conditions and specific conditions for product constitute the agreement between us and you, as regards your using services.
Failure operation or application of a law or a provision conditions on our part is not a law or to sell this provision.
If one of the provisions of these conditions is invalid according to a court of competent jurisdiction, the parties agree that the tribunal should endeavour to give effect to the intentions of the parties as indicated in the provision, while all the other provisions of these conditions will continue to be fully valid and enforceable.
Assign delegate, you can't or otherwise your account or transfer your obligations under the present conditions in the absence of our prior written consent.
Have the right to transfer or assign to our all or bias discretion of our rights under the present conditions and we will have the right to delegate or use third contracting parties in order to fulfil our duties, our obligations under these conditions and in relation to the services.
Our notification received by e-mail, ordinary mail, or notifications and links services are displayed a notification in accordance with the appropriate these conditions.
Not are responsible for the failure receiving notifications if our e-mail are subject to an entry into the quarantine from your security system (e.g. in folder " junk " or " spam "), or if not adjust your e-mail address.
Notifications will be considered as received spent 48 hours after sending them, if transmitted via e-mail or by ordinary mail.
If notification is provided via a link displayed in services, will be regarded as received 24 hours spent by his first view.
19.
Contact us
Feedback questions, or if you send comments on services, please contact our support team via e-mail, telephone number, or for ordinary mail to 1-888-727-6687 to address: under armour, 1020 street, baltimore, md 21230 hull (usa), and include as subject to the attention of:-" legal terms and conditions of use.
Please assure you to include in any e-mail or ordinary mail your full name, address, e-mail address, and any ordinary mail message.
Appendix a: under armour shopping
Shopping using under armour these shopping, accepted the terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions shall apply to all tenders and agreements in relation to the sale and dispatch online clothing, shoes and accessories (" au ") under armour Apparel, except for products and digital services (e.g. subscriptions) outlined in section 8 expressly premium, the conditions given above.
Accordingly, the specific terms and conditions set out below are applicable orders any article au ordered (s) on the Apparel, or any Ua.com underarmour.com or extension of other countries; (ii) from all sites directly linked to; or (iii) by any Ua.com application of electronic commerce or shopping (collectively, " under armour under armour shopping).
(A) registration account
For shop on shopping is not required under armour an account.
However, to make purchases online quicker and easier, you can create an account in one of our websites or on our applications.
If created an account, please confirm your e-mail address, as we use e-mail address in archive for contact.
If you have an account, you will have the opportunity to draw shipments, orders, and with a view previous username and a password, you can have a quick access to information for shipping and billing.
Unless you want to create an account, you can continue to make purchases on under armour as " guest " shopping.
(B) available online
Purchases when you, once you have selected the article you choose buy, you can see what colors / are in the warehouse, size by selecting the color (1.
Selects the color), and then the size (2.
Select size).
, If the size you choose is not available for the selected color, means that is not available.
Although shopping is designed to show under armour stock levels in " real time ', so that they are visible and available for purchase only articles in storage, can we have shortcomings in storage due to the increasing popularity of a model, a color or a special measure, and we can not guarantee that the articles listed in storage are actually available.
Whether article that you want to buy is not in us time warehouse, apologize for the inconvenience and we suggest that you call its own customer care that can help you find a like product.
© find frame
If you're trying code model of a product, you'll find him inside the garment written on a small white label.
For example, there will be written or patterns older Fw060375 Fw081100200.
The first four letters refer to the season of the model (e.g.
Fw06 = fall / winter 2006) (although, depending on the region, the model number for certain products may not include the first four characters) and the bottom seven (about new models), or four (patterns older) refer to the frame.
You can search this frame on our services to find exactly what you're looking for.
Unless displaying any result, that model may no longer be produced by under armour.
Please contact our team assistance for customers to receive help to find a replacement.
(D) orders and changes orders
If carried out an order, we'll send him a confirmation e-mail at the address you supplied.
Using e-mail address if you of your work, you remember that many companies use filters for mail ' spam ' to ban the reception of e-mail automatic, and that could prevent the delivery of our confirmation e-mail, or send them to box the junk.
This stage " " sets out the final details of confirms your order.
Then we'll send him an e-mail of acceptance of the order in which they given in the details products you ordered.
Please note that this is not an e-mail order confirmation or an acceptance by under armour.
Acceptance of your order and the conclusion of the contract between us will occur when you products have ordered, to send it unless there we announced that we do not accept your order or you cancelled.
Due to the short period of time between the order and the expedition, it is difficult changes once you have carried out the order.
However, if we contacted since you within the hour carried out the order, will facilitate the changes.
(E) taxes
The sales tax and other taxes similar, such as the value added tax (vat) shall be calculated using the rates local and national depending on where you reside.
If applying vat, there will be charged at the rate local and will be included in price of the product.
(F) payments
Under armour reserves the right to updated the list of forms of payment accepted by under armour shopping.
Can require credit cards and debt issued by an institution of jurisdiction where you reside, and these forms of payment must be linked to a billing address in the same jurisdiction.
Most jurisdictions, you have to assure you that the billing address in archive, together with the credit or debit card issued by the bank, is the same billing address you have entered at the time of ordering.
We personal allowances postal orders or cash payments online.
Since armour does not charge prices under articles before sending them, we have a process for ordering products for dispatch pre-authorisation.
Fees related to avoid unnecessary short banking is often used by a method known as " banks " to verify that the pre-authorisation credit card debt / used is good, and has sufficient funds.
Please note that the description of the transaction on your statement will be referred to as " under armour. "
Most authorisations shall expire within five and up to seven days; however will determine the duration of authorisation issuing bank.
Charging credit or debit card on final reflects only the value of the goods sent more taxes applicable expedition.
In case of further questions, contact with our team for the customer care.
If you have problems with the payment contacted our team for the customer care: a member of the team will be happy to attend.
(G) delivery and dispatch
Some places where we are not allowed, and not send consignments to mailboxes, therefore we please confirm that we can send products before carrying out an order.
Time delivery estimated and costs for the shipment for each order will be given in verifying the order.
Even if we do our best to deliver the goods within the delivery times estimated occur occasionally delays.
Under armour will not be held liable for any delay or failure to dispatch of the goods within the delivery time estimated.
Under armour reserves the right to request that the order of goods will be signed by a person with an older than adult 18 years before or at the outset.
Is not always possible that customers of a jurisdiction to shop from shopping in another jurisdiction under armour.
Please visit our website local to see what goods are currently available for you.
Generally, you will receive an identification code just your goods are sent by e-mail.
You can find your id even if access to your account, filling in the order number found in your e-mail confirms the order.
Please to spend at least two working days from the time that made the order to manipulate the tool of identification.
Path if you have your order on our website, and you got the message that your order is ' in transit ', means that your order was prepared for shipment, or that the information regarding the identification of the order have not yet been updated with the carrier.
Generally should spend four working days before that the carrier has received our information for the identification of the consignment.
We send all articles in a single order, but we reserve the right to send your products if one or more separate shipments articles are not available at the time of initial shipment.
Where suddividiamo your order in more than one shipment, there will be charged costs for dispatch separated.
In addition, each shipment will have its confirmation e-mail / identification.
In case of problems during evasion part of your order, these problems will not constitute a basis for the cancellation of any other article included in that order.
Any order has delivered will become your property at the time of receipt provided under armour received the total payment order.
(H) cancellation, change and reimbursements
Policies and procedures relating to the deletion, at a rate of goods and redemptions applicable to your order, may vary depending on where you have access to under armour shopping.
For further information about the policies applicable to a particular order, please consult the policies listed within the section of the conditions on the customer service and additional conditions for electronic commerce the website that you used to carry out the order.
(I) conflicts with these conditions applicable law;
Insofar as these conditions under armour in conflict with the conditions are compulsive under these conditions under armour, shopping and with regard to orders replace armour prevail and the use of under armour shopping.
If these conditions are in conflict with the shopping under armour conditions of website used to carry out your order, will be the outcome of that website to replace and about orders and the use of prevail under armour shopping.
Residents if you're in south korea: the contracting party under armour for under armour is under korea ltd., shopping amour
You must have completed at least 14 years of age for use under armour shopping.
If age between 14 and 18 years, the user or its legal representative may cancel the contract of sale applicable created under under shopping if the legal representative has not 'amour gave their consent to the contract of sale.
Residents if you in turkey: some of the terms and conditions for electronic commerce set out in appendix a: au shopping does not apply to residents in turkey who buy products from our turkish FDOĞUŞ PERAKENDE (distributor ict. you Doğuş Perakende Satış Giyim Aksesuar
A.ş.) at http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
User turkish which make purchases on the website http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr applies only the terms and conditions agreed by these users are valid under turkish law.
In case of conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of appendix a: au and the terms and conditions of shopping guide transactions, the distance contract or the form (as appropriate) replace prior information and shall prevail over the terms and conditions in conflict or inconsistent in appendix a: au shopping.
There send confirmation order will carry details of products ua upon completion of the ordered Apparel from you.
Can maintain a billing address different archive for the issuing bank credit card in relation to the billing address that included made an order on the website when http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
If we can not send a product at your house, you au Apparel (by e-mail the impossibility of expedition in your house.
Under contract, the shipment of products shall be carried out by your au Apparel thirty (30) days.
Guide transactions, according to the distance contract and form prior information, you fourteen (14) days to cancel a contract and avoid criminal.
Goods advertised or we do not change offered for sale prices or specifications of such goods and any offers in relation to any promotional purchases and / or already completed transactions course on the websites http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr.
Residents if you are in the state of canada: in derogation from in these conditions or in the terms and conditions set out in appendix a, in respect of any purchases of products through a credit card visa Apparel au on website under armour in canada, any dispute relating to the purchase is governed and interpreted as laws of the state of canada, without regard to the application of the rules on conflict of laws.
If you're living in malaysia, philippines, singapore, thailand or indonesia: notwithstanding as laid down in these conditions or in the terms and conditions set out in appendix a, in respect of any purchases of products through a credit card au Apparel visa or mastercard the websites of the under armour in malaysia, the philippines, singapore, thailand or indonesia, any dispute relating to these purchases will be governed and interpreted as laws of the state of singapore, without regard to the application of the rules on conflict of laws.
(J) descriptions of the product and prices
Under armour aims to be a service shopping as accurate as possible.
Not, however, ensure that the descriptions, photographs, videos and other type of content for the products under armour shopping are completely accurate, complete, current and reliable, free from error.
If a product offered by under armour not fulfilling the description, your only remedy is to return it to receive a rebate. unused
Despite our efforts, the price of a small number of items may be wrong.
Correct if the price of an article sold by under is greater than that declared in armour our discretion, can receive instructions before dispatch, for contact or cancel your order and the waiver. notificarvi
Prices shown under armour may be mentioned in shopping on local currency.
(K) changes
Please note that, in accordance with the applicable law, we reserve the right to change the goods or offered for sale through under publicised, prices or the special shopping armour of such goods and any promotional supply available on shopping at any time and under armour from time to time without any prior notice or obligation for you or against another person.
