Let me be clear, gives the purchaser the service (as lpg is defined in terms of service given below) in relation to the purchasers on purchases of google and in relation to the marketplace to charity donations vendors are expend charities.
A list of the marketplace google using the service is available here.
Google may update the marketplace but all transactions on marketplace regularly in accordance with the terms of service will be elaborated below.
Consult the terms and conditions of the product if you wish to check whether a particular product whether or not a marketplace.
Service
28 march 2018
All present service for the buyer (") is a binding contract between contract " payment limited, a company incorporated in google england (company), headquartered at 5 05903713 new street square, london, united kingdom (" 3tw Ec4a ") and user (lpg " buyer ").
Lpg email you can contact in central assistance at https: / / support.google.com / payments.
Lpg is authorised and regulated by financial conduct authority (" fca ') as electronic money issuer (" electronic money ") and is entered in the register of the number. with fca 900008
Lpg is an associated company of google, llc (" google) " international.
This agreement provides for the access to and use of that google payments by the user.
Services described below are provided by software.
Read this agreement before deciding to accept or less and continue with the registration procedure.
Payment instruments saved on google account payments could be submitted to the user with the brand, but continue to be pay google covered by this contract if used in relation to the services described below.
By this contract, the user has at least 18 years and to conclude a contract legally binding.
Before continuing, we ask the user to print or save a copy of this contract to be kept as a reference.
The user can accept this contract in specified in clause 3.
The contract shall enter into force at the time of date of acceptance of the agreement by the user (" date of entry into force.
1.
Defined terms
For the purposes of this agreement, the following words they meanings below:
" Account ' means an account in electronic money managed by for user. lpg
" Contract ' means the present service for the consumer.
" AISP " (" account information service provider ' means a service provider data account, or a service provider for payment (other than lpg) offering services data account, or an online service which provides the user consolidated data on one or more account payments user, including could be included the account of the user.
" Working day ' means a day which is not a saturday, sunday or public holiday in britain.
" Invoicing with an operator " (if the user is offered the procedure for payment) indicates where a payment transaction the gpl sends to the account operator with the operator fatturi billing the buyer.
" Operator ' means a mobile phone operator approved by offering an account invoicing with lpg the operator.
Billing account " with the " indicates the account for billing operator or otherwise supplied to the user monthly periodic by its user has service operator to provide funds for certain payment transactions.
" Content " means advice, opinions, offers proposals, claims, data or other information displayed, distributed or paid through the service. purchased
" Customer ' means a person or entity that is recorded in the service as a buyer or seller.
" Disputes ' means any disagreement, disputes, composition and / or any other disputes which may arise between customers or other third parties in relation to the use of the service and that it is still different from disputes on the service.
" Electronic money " means the value electronic issued by once received funds by user lpg.
E-money lies in the system computer lpg and represents a claim against riscattabile gpl.
Electronic money isn't a warehouse.
" Payment instrument " means a credit card, debt, account invoicing with the operator or other payment instrument that the user has recorded for the service and that will be used by lpg to pick the funds required for issuing electronic money through the service in order to process payment transactions and for other purposes.
" Payment transaction ' means the transaction whereby lpg (i) start the transfer of an amount of purchase by payment instrument user lpg, (ii) provide the user with an amount equivalent to the amount of e-money purchase and (iii) shall transfer the amount in electronic money user to a seller from which the user has acquired a product.
" Google ' means google, and its subsidiaries international llc and subsidiaries.
" Lpg ' means a website website lpg or its subsidiaries and subsidiaries.
" Lpg ', " us " or " our " google indicate payment limited.
" Data access ' means the username and password supplied by lpg user to allow him to get access to the accounts.
" Payment order ' means (i) the provision given by the seller for the execution of lpg a payment transaction authorised user, which also serves as a communication lpg authorisation user to open the purchase of a currency by electronic equivalent to the amount of purchase of lpg payment transaction, or (ii) the provision by the seller to date for the execution of a transaction lpg repayment, depending on the context.
" Product ' means any goods, goods or services with physical form or digital user may acquire by a seller using the service.
" Amount ' means an amount equivalent to purchase price of a product, including fees, taxes or postage related that may be applicable.
" Transaction ' means the transaction through which repayment transfers e-money from the seller to account lpg user and then start the transfer of an amount and reimburse corresponding on payment instrument user using the function under the reimbursement service.
" Vendor ' means any person or entity using the service to sell products and receive the charges of the amounts of acquisition through payment transactions.
" Service ' means the payment service in electronic money provided by software.
" Services " means all services offered by under this contract, including lpg service.
" Disputes on service ' means any disagreement, complaint, disputes, and / or any other compromise can dispute arise between customers solely by lpg and resulting from lpg their alleged failure obligations under the contract or of any existing law and any related dysfunction in providing the service.
" Subsidiaries and subsidiaries ' means legal persons and affiliated subsidiaries of worldwide to google.
Service unregulated ' means a service provided by lpg which is not a service of e-money payment service, as described in clause 10.1 (c).
" User " and " buyer ' means a person applying for inclusion in the service, there is for the use of service or using the service to carry out payment transactions in order to buy a product.
" Email address user ' means the email address provided by user during the recording.
2.
Report user with lpg
2.1 using the service by the user is subject to the contract.
2.2 using the service user is purchasing from electronic money that is used for lpg immediately payments to sellers.
2.3 non-settled also services may be provided by lpg as stipulated in the contract.
3.
Acceptance of contract
3.1 in order to use the services under this contract, the user must accept the contract.
Otherwise can not use the services.
3.2 contract constitutes a legally binding agreement between user and lpg in relation to the use of services by the user; it is therefore important that the user read it carefully.
Accepting contract, user agrees to use services in accordance with the requirements.
3.3 user may accept the contract by: (a) clicking on the option to acceptance of the contract made available to the user from lpg in user interface; or (b) the actual use of services.
Here user agrees and accepts that, from that moment on, will its use of services such as lpg acceptance of the contract.
3.4 user can not use the services and accept the contract if:
(A) does not have the statutory age to enter into a binding contract with lpg and use the payment instrument recorded for services; or
(B) the is prohibited to receive services in accordance with the laws of the united states or other countries, including the country of residence of the user or the country from which uses the services.
4.
Supply and language of the contraa
4.1 a copy of the contract will be supplied to the consumer in printable format during the registration procedure.
A copy of the contract, as amended from time to time, is available to the user on the website of lpg.
4.2 throughout the duration of the contract, the user is entitled to ask for a copy.
Following this request, the user will be without additional costs to your email address a link that see the contract.
4.3 contracts will be provided to the user in english or translated into another language.
4.4 lpg where provides the user a translation of the english version of the contract, the user acknowledges that the translation is only available for your convenience and that his relationship with lpg is governed by english version of the contract.
4.5 a discrepancy between the english version of the contract and a translation prevails the english version.
5.
Registration serving
5.1 to use the services, the user must include all information required in web pages to register in google payments.
5.2 user is required to maintain a payment instrument that will be used for the purchase of valid electronic money through the service.
5.3 should the payment instrument is associated with a billing address in a country in which the service is available.
5.4 user is required to provide updated information, complete and accurate and keep them up-to-date, accurate during his use of services.
Lpg could ask user to provide further information in order to continue to use the services, to enable the user start using a new service or in order to decide whether to allow the user to continue to use the services.
User agrees to provide this information where this is required by in this regard, including information lpg necessary to confirm the identity of the user or the authenticity of the payment instrument recorded by the user for lpg.
6.
Provision of the service by lpg
6.1 in certain cases, the services will be provided to the user, in whole or in part, on behalf of subsidiaries by subsidiaries and lpg.
User recognises and accepts that subsidiaries and subsidiaries have the right to provide services to the user.
6.2 lpg makes constant innovations in offer the best experience as possible to its users.
User recognises and accepts that lpg can from time to time provide occasionally a new service, without prior notification to the user.
Following the introduction of a new service, we shall provide the user the contract revised email or by providing a link to the updated version of the contract at the time of registration.
The user can accept the new version of the contract in specified in clause 3.
6.3 user recognises and accepts that can stop the supply of services lpg pursuant to the contract.
The user can stop using services at any time.
In this case is not necessary to tell gpl.
6.4 user recognises and accepts that lpg can establish and limitations on the use of general practice services without prior notification to the user, including, without limitation, limits to the value or the number of payment transactions, considered individually or together, comprehensible during one or more specified times.
6.5 lpg may refuse to carry out any payment transaction, payment order or any other use of services where it has reasonable grounds to suspect the presence of fraudulent activity, a breach of contract by the user or seller or a breach of law.
Transactions could also be delayed because of the obligation lpg comply with existing legislation, as well as when lpg anti-money laundering suspicions that the transaction involves a fraudulent activity.
If lpg refuses to perform a payment transaction, a payment order or any other use of services, the user will receive a notification, except in cases where this constitutes a violation of the law by lpg or adversely affect the appropriate security measures.
6.6 user recognises and accepts that, if access to your account should lpg off interrupting use of the data access user, could be denied access to the service within the account data or any data or other contained in its own account.
7.
Use of the service user
7.1 user agrees to use the services only to the extent permitted by:
(A) the contract;
(B) rules and limits on the services, as well as published and updated from time to time by its subsidiaries and lpg and;
(C) any act or legislation, practices or guideline generally accepted in the jurisdictions competence (including any laws on the export of data or software to and from the united states or other countries relevant).
7.2 still above user recognises and accepts that the statement and the payment of taxes applicable arising from its use of services are under his responsibility.
User agrees to comply with all the current tax laws, including those relating to the declaration and the payment of taxes relating to payment transactions.
7.3 user agrees not to access (or seek accession) services with any other means which is not the interface provided by lpg, unless specifically authorised by other agreement with lpg.
User acknowledges that this limitation will be valid for the use of services by any means automated.
This does not affect the user's right to use the services of a AISP.
7.4 user agrees not to take any activity that may interfere with services (or with the server and networks related services) or harm.
7.5 unless expressly authorised by other agreement with lpg, user agrees not to play, duplicate, copy, sell or resell services market for any purpose.
7.6 user accepts being solely (and exempt from any liability towards its or lpg third-party) for any non-compliance with their obligations under the contract and the consequences arising from such default (including any damage or loss suffered by license.
8.
Data access user and safety account
8.1 user agrees to use the data access associated with his account only in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down in this agreement governing use.
8.2 user recognises and accepts being responsible for the confidentiality of the data access associated with their accounts, and the adoption of all appropriate measures to keep confidential information.
8.3 if the consumer uses services within the framework of his professional activity, user stated that all the managers, employees, officials, representatives and other persons who may access his data access are allowed to do so and have the authority to legally constraining the company, the partnership or other legal person concerned.
8.4 responsibility user on the use of the service is specified in clause 17 below.
8.5 user shall immediately inform the section " can't get through lpg access to your google account " in the centre assistance for the buyer in the event of loss, theft or misappropriation of its data access or his account, and through the section " objections " in the centre report unauthorised assistance for the buyer in the case of unauthorised use of its data access or his account.
User undertakes to inform lpg and with the same rules for any other breach of security on the service of which it becomes aware.
8.6 if the user believes that his account was opened or used without permission, may consult the section on the reporting of abuse.
Furthermore to read our questions frequently asked for additional information on the protective measures taken by fraud gpl.
8.7 for repayment of payment transactions unauthorised or incorrectly executed, the user must inform lpg through the centre assistance for the buyer, and in any case within 13 (13) months debit (that coincides with the date on which the funds were taken from the user's payment instrument), as soon as it becomes aware of payment transactions unauthorised or incorrectly produced (see also the clause 17).
8.8 lpg could suspend the use of data access or the user account where it is suspected that their security may have been compromised or that there has been a unauthorised use or fraudulent thereof.
8.9 lpg will inform the or, if it was not possible before user, immediately after the suspension of the use of data access or the user account specifying the reasons for the suspension, unless the communication of such information affects the appropriate security measures or violate the law.
Lpg riattiverà data access or the user, or the user account will new data access substances or a new account, as soon as possible following the cessation of the reasons for the suspension.
9.
Privacy and personal information user
9.1 rules on privacy google described the process of processing of personal data when used products and services google.
Also rules on privacy lpg available at https: / / payments.google.com / files / explain how your personal information is privacy.html lpg user and safeguards the privacy when using a service.
User may require the sending of an electronic copy of the rules on privacy of lpg in pdf format via the centre assistance to address contattandoci https: / / support.google.com / payments.
9.2 user allows the use of its data in accordance with the rules on privacy referred to in clause 9.1.
9.3 verification of the identity of the purchaser; requirements against money laundering.
Lpg acknowledges that (a) the purchaser and continues to offer services offers to the purchaser on condition that the latter exceed all controls relating to due diligence and identity possibly made by lpg and complies with the requirements lpg, companies card issuing payment and any legislation on money laundering.
Verifications identity checks could include credit checks required by the applicable legislation, checks required anti-money laundering associations of issuing banks card and checks relating to compliance with the requirements of the regulations.
The acquirer shall provide all the assistance requested by lpg in carrying out these checks and in determining compliance with the requirements anti-money laundering, including the communication of additional information concerning the registration or the verification of the identity that lpg may request.
Allows lpg (b) the buyer to share with and obtained from third parties, both inside and outside the european economic area and to the extent permitted by law, the information relating to the buyer, including personal data as defined under the law for the protection of existing data in order to ensure the necessary checks on due diligence and identity.
Purchasers accepts that the third parties can store information shared in this way.
(C) the non-compliance with the conditions set out in this clause, even if the buyer 9.3 provides the information requested by lpg to carry out the verification of the identity or to determine compliance with the requirements anti-money laundering, could lead to the immediate suspension of the use of services by the purchaser and the withdrawal from this agreement.
10.
Payment instrument
10.1 user accepts that the details of his payment instrument are used by lpg:
Charge user (a) the amount of purchase, including all fees, taxes or postage related that may be applicable;
((B) develop all payments necessary for user charge any other committees and expenditure arising from the use of the service by the user.
(C) be submitted, if requested by the user, to a third party for the debiting of goods or services provided by this user.
This service unregulated offered to user from gpl.
In such cases, having communicated the data of the payment instrument to the third part, lpg will not be involved in further with the transaction user third party.
It is not a payment transaction.
User should contact directly the third part or the supplier of his payment instrument (e.g. the supplier credit card or debt) for any problems relating to transactions with the third part, including repayments and disputes.
10.2 user to ask for confirmation that his lpg authorises payment instrument enjoying good reputation among the operator or the financial institution issuing.
Such confirmation may be obtained, for example, not exhaustive, by sending a request for authorisation for payment and / or credit debit and / or a small amount on the payment instrument, in accordance with the rules of the company issuing card.
10.3 user allows to obtain a credit relationship lpg and / or to otherwise verify information credit or the user's past when lpg deems it appropriate to assess the registration of the user services or to allow the continued use.
11.
Processing payments with electronic money; the purchases of subscriptions operator; invoicing / transactions regular
11.1 lpg agrees to provide a service to the user to facilitate payment transactions.
11.2 user must consent to the execution of a payment transaction so that it can be authorised.
User recognises that using the service for the purchase of a product by a seller, allows the development of payment transaction; also accepts that, once given its approval, is no longer possible to revoke the payment transaction authorised.
User recognises also that vendors may refuse to process the order of a product for any reason and that until dispatch by the seller of the payment order lpg in accordance with the clause 11.4, is not required in any way lpg execute a payment transaction.
11.3 using the service, the user will provide information that will be stored, such as the gpl details of the payment instrument and data expedition.
Lpg also payment transactions and repayment will through the appropriate circuit credit card or debt, operator or banking system.
11.4 once the user allow any a payment transaction, the seller may send the payment order lpg, in accordance with the rules of lpg.
After receiving the payment order by the seller, the transfer of the amount of purchase lpg begins by payment instrument user lpg.
Lpg gives the user an amount in electronic money equivalent to the amount of purchase, at the latest when lpg receives the relevant funds by valid payment instrument user.
Following lpg moved immediately the amount issued to the seller.
Lpg is not responsible for, and can not determine the time when it receives funds from the instrument for payment of the user.
Once seller has sent the payment order lpg, the user will be informed through the information contained in the history of its transactions account.
11.5 payment transactions may be rejected or delayed, according to the clause 6.5.
11.6 user authorizes a (or ask expressly lpg a third party):
Objections facility (a) carry out user's payment as required for the purchase of electronic money in order to complete the development of a payment transaction;
((B) credit these amounts on payment instrument user through the service as necessary to carry out any transfer of a payment transaction or refunds or the amount of purchase. adjustments
11.7 user recognised and accepted:
(A) the sales of products by the seller are transactions that disputes between the seller and the user and not with google or its subsidiaries, lpg, unless these are not specified elsewhere in the transaction as buyer or seller; and
(B) or lpg, or any of its subsidiaries or google is a buyer, a seller or a party in relation to any payment transaction, unless it has been expressly designated as such in the product fiche on a website google or on its own terms of service;
(C) a seller and the seller may send acts on behalf of, back to the payment circuit, one or more times, a payment transaction on the purchase of a product where the payment transaction previous has been refused or rejected by the circuit payment.
11.8 electronic money, and so the service, are not subject to the financial services compensation scheme (compensation for the programme, FSCS financial services in the united kingdom) or any other public or private insurance schemes.
11.9 invoicing with the operator.
Some sellers who accept payments may enable the user charge google shopping on your account invoicing with the operator.
These terms shall be valid when the user uses the additional invoicing with an operator via google payments:
11.9.1 invoicing in order to record the account with the operator as payment option, google requires the user indicate payments cell number, name and address on the invoices, including postcode, account invoicing with the operator associated with the number indicated.
User will allow the operator to provide such information to google and will examine the information during the payments with the operator and register the billing correct any inaccuracies.
This information will be used by google payments to set the account invoicing with the operator as a means of payment in google account payments of the user and for the operation of the service.
User also accepts that his lpg and can exchange information on the business operator invoicing with the operator of the user to make objections or credits on account billing with the operator of the user and still to complete payments relating to purchases, transfers, refunds or adjustments payment transactions, settling disputes, provide assistance to customers and for any other purpose linked to invoicing with the operator.
11.9.2 decides to pay a transaction with the operator user through billing authorises the seller and lpg to send objections and to the operator and the latter to make credits such objections or credits on account billing with the operator of the user, as necessary, to complete the payment transaction or to complete the transfer, repayment or correcting the payment transaction.
11.9.3 user can use the invoicing with an operator to buy applications (e.g. applications or network downloadable ringtones, games and instruments, wallpapers, collectively referred to as " applications ') productivity and devices for compatible by certain traders on google play.
These applications are not sold by the operator, or by google or lpg google play.
User can identify the seller of the application at the time of purchase.
11.9.4 purchases made by the operator shall also be subject to invoicing with terms and conditions of account billing with the operator of the user.
User is responsible for any objections and relevant committees that could be imposed in accordance with the terms and conditions of account invoicing with the operator as a result of using the invoicing with the user's operator.
11.9.5 user may contact the customer care by the operator where had questions on the follow-up committees or to the objections on its accounts with the invoiced invoicing operator.
In case of applications concerning issues payments, the user can contact the google customer care google payments.
User is required to address requests for assistance relating to products (such as applications) purchased through with the android billing operator to which the seller bought applications.
11.9.6 operators, google, google play are not responsible for lpg and any product (including applications) purchased through the operator, including invoices in errors in the interruption or delay in download, in use or installation and redemptions, transmission in third-party user announcements could be during the use of the product or of the application, any changes made by any application to function of the device in use, including any changes which might affect the plan, the service or billing of the operator, or any content or websites to which the user might be able to access by applying.
11.10 regarding the purchase of subscription / transactions periodical
(A) where the service offers the user the possibility of paying subscriptions, will begin when the subscription, during the purchase, user click " accept " (or an equivalent mention and buys).
This transaction and the automatic billing recurring debit will be on a regular basis.
Unless otherwise stated, the subscription user and its authorisation invoicing will be valid until the annulment by the user.
(B) by clicking on " accept " (or an equivalent mention and buys), the user in question to issue a seller authorises the payment order for a payment transaction, financed by a payment instrument selected by the user, for each billing period specified for the subscription and for the amount of purchase.
User also allows the seller concerned the amount to charge purchase on payment instrument, the user had selected alternative if one in their google account payments where, for any reason, the seller failed to charge this amount on the payment instrument selected by the user.
Amount purchase will continue to be charged on the payment instrument selected by the user, or on the payment instrument alternative (if any) for each billing period until the cancellation of the subscription, unless otherwise specified in the terms and conditions.
During the period of subscription, the amount of purchase may be amended by the seller.
(C) the amount of purchase will be charged on payment instrument of user for each billing period from the date of purchase of the subscription.
(D) user has the power to cancel a subscription at any time following the procedure described here, but the cancellation becomes effective until the end of the period of invoicing current.
User will not receive any reimbursement for the billing period current.
User can continue to enter the service concerned for the rest of the subscription billing period current.
(S) we reserve the right to issue refunds or at our sole discretion credits.
If emettessimo repayment or credit we would not have any obligation to issue the same repayment or reimbursement similar in the future.
(F) the user is entitled to reimbursement of a payment transaction eligible is part of a subscription if: (i) the user requires reimbursement within eight (8) weeks after debiting of the payment transaction; (ii) the order did not specify the amount of purchase purchase at the time of authorisation of payment transaction; and (iii) the amount of purchase charged exceeded the amount the user could reasonably have expected considering his profile of expenditure previous this contract and the circumstances of the case.
Lpg could ask the user to provide further information reasonably required to consider the request for reimbursement.
User will receive any refund or motivating refusal of such reimbursement within 10 working days following referral) for reimbursement or, if the user had asked further information lpg within 10 working days of receipt of such information.
12.
Reserved 13.
Payment transactions permitted
13.1 user may use the service only to produce a payment transaction related to a product that is purchased by a seller through sale legitimate and in good faith of the product, or charity donations for a seller that defines its product category as primary not for profit and which has been verified by lpg as a nonprofit organization recorded and certified.
Service can not be used to produce a payment transaction or a transfer of electronic money or monetary value for a seller which is not related to the purchase of a product or for donations for a charity not seller defines its primary product category as not for profit and which has not been verified by lpg as a nonprofit organization recorded and certified.
13.2 service can not be used to receive cash advances by sellers or to facilitate the purchase of means of payment equivalent to cash (e.g. prepaid cards, travellers cheques and money orders etc.).
User does not use the service:
((A) prepare payment transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of goods or services whose sale or purchase of which is illegal in iran where user resides or from which uses the service;
((B) develop payment transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of goods or services whose sale or purchase of which is illegal in the country of residence of the seller or by which the latter uses the service; or
(C) use the service in relation to other illegal transactions.
13.3 user agrees not to use the service to process payment transactions relating to any product which violates the contract, other standards or rules applicable to service (which could be observed) or the updated existing law.
The current rule specifying the products and other transactions which can not be paid through the service is available here.
Non-compliance with these restrictions could result in the suspension or termination of the use of the service by the user.
14.
Service charges; foreign currency interest;
14.1 lpg not any commission for using the user addebiterà service.
However for the use of the service could be applied other costs or taxes established by third parties.
E.g. user recognises and accepts that the financial institution or an operator issuing his payment instrument may a commission on the objections to the instrument charge him for payment resulting from the transaction payment.
For further information on those committees invite user to consult the terms and conditions governing his payment instrument.
14.2 lpg will not any exchange transaction in foreign currency within the service.
14.3 lpg not the user any interest in his addebiterà use of the service.
15.
Disputes and disputes service
15.1 lpg various instruments to help the user to provide contact in order to resolve a sellers disputes which may arise in relation to a transaction drawn up through the service.
Where user will not be able to resolve a dispute, lpg can be a mediator in the dispute between the user and a salesman at the request of one or both sides.
Lpg here, if it sees fit, will examine the dispute and propose a solution non-binding. conciliatoria
For more detailed information, read our frequently asked questions (faq).
15.2 lpg could provide a service feedback or other means of evaluation within the service to help the user to assess his experience of use of the service.
User acknowledges that this feedback system or the opinion of other assessment is only service users and does not constitute an opinion, a statement or a guarantee due to lpg in relation to other users of the service.
15.3 any complaint or dispute arising in relation to this contract, including disputes on service, or following the provision of the service by lpg should be produced in the first place to customer service lpg through the centre assistance for the buyer.
Further information on the internal procedures for handling complaints are available here.
User may submit any complaints not resolved according to our expectations in the financial ombudsman service.
To this end, you can send a communication at exchange tower by post, london e14, united kingdom 9sr; telephone: 0800 or 123 123; 9 023 0300 4567 website: http: / /; and email to address: www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk complaint.info @ financial-ombudsman.org.uk.
User may also submit any complaints not resolved according to our expectations in financial ombudsman service using the online platform for the settlement of disputes of the european commission available at http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr / main / event = main.adr.show.?
16.
Repayments and use
16.1 as user will through the service and the electronic money immediately for the purchase of products, will will not use that electronic money.
If transaction reimbursement by a seller or lpg, electronic money is repaid and money will be accredited again on payment instrument of user.
16.2 if after the termination of the contract is present in the user's account an amount of e-money unused, will promptly the full amount of lpg electronic money is not used once completed the appropriate checks, fraudulent activity or anti-money laundering other illegal activities, and start the transfer of the amount in the bank account of the user.
16.3 e-money unused if the amount can not be repaid in accordance with the clause, the user will have six (6 16.2) years from the termination of the contract to demand repayment of the full amount unused date which any electronic money remaining in the account user becomes property of lpg.
For the purposes of this clause 16.3, the contract when ceases user is no longer able to use their electronic money to make payment transactions, including, for example, where the account is suspended in accordance with the user this contract.
If within six years, the user's right to use their electronic money is restored, the termination of the contract does not become effective.
Lpg could restore, at its own discretion, the account of the user and any related to electronic money after the expiry of six years.
Each use made under this clause is subject to successful completion of 16.3 proper controls, and other fraudulent activity anti-money laundering illegal activities, and the user agrees to provide the information requested by lpg for the completion of these checks.
16.4 nothing in clause 16.3 restricts the right of lpg to withdraw from the contract in accordance with clause 19.4 and / or to make repayments in accordance with clause 16.2.
17.
Responsibility of the user
17.1 where payment transaction unauthorised or incorrectly executed, in accordance with this clause 17 the user has the right to compensation only where the payment transaction shall promptly inform lpg unauthorised or incorrectly executed, as soon as it becomes aware of the transaction, and in any case within 13 (13) months of debit (which will coincide with the date on which the funds were taken from the user's payment instrument).
However, this time limit is not valid if lpg did not provide or made available to the user relevant information about transaction, as required by law (e.g. in the history of his online accounts) transactions.
17.2 where in the case of payment transaction unauthorised user is entitled to compensation, the amount of the payment transaction lpg will reimburse unauthorised as soon as possible, but not later than the end of the working day on which it becomes aware of this transaction and lpg, where necessary, restore the user to the state in which they account would have been if not occurred the payment transaction unauthorised.
This means in practice that the user's account is to be credited in an amount equivalent to the value of the transaction e-money payment amount will be repaid and immediately on the payment instrument user. riaccreditato
If lpg has reasonable grounds to suspect a fraudulent behaviour by the user in relation to its declaration transaction unauthorised lpg will conduct an investigation before deciding to repay the amount of this transaction and, as soon as possible, notify the user the outcome of this investigation.
17.3 lpg had performed incorrectly where a payment transaction, the amount of the transaction will readily lpg payment well-conducted and, where necessary, restore the account user to the state in which they would have been if not occurred the payment transaction incorrectly executed.
Lpg will work without delay, at the request of the user, to draw any payment transactions not correctly implemented and notify the user of the outcome.
17.4 if the user had acted fraudulently or had not fulfilled, intentionally or with serious negligence, the terms of the contract relating to his account, the user will be responsible for all losses on unauthorised transactions, and if in such cases had already been made a refund, will have the right to charge lpg on account user the amount of the refund.
Lpg could carry out an investigation before or after the conduct of a refund for a transaction unauthorised.
18.
No product approval
18.1 lpg, not and will not be adopted not declared responsible for: (a) safety, quality, accuracy, reliability, integrity or any product, truth or legality of description of goods or accuracy of content or distributed, purchased or paid by displayed the service; or (b) the user's ability to buy products or the possibility of sellers to offer products to the user.
18.2 lpg reserves the right, but will have no responsibility to amend or refuse the publication removal of any content, in part or in full, lpg, believed to be its exclusive and absolute discretion, questionable incorrect, illegal or fraudulent anyway breach of contract.
19.
Termination of the user with lpg
19.1 contracts will continue to be valid until the termination by the user or lpg, in accordance with the terms set out below.
19.2 user may terminate his contract concluded with legal immediately and without incurring no cost lpg at any time by:
Communication lpg (a) in accordance with the clause provided below; and 23.5
(B) closure of its account associated with the service.
Law user to withdraw from the contract in accordance with this clause 19.2 includes the right of law user to withdraw from the contract under the legislation applicable in implementation of directive 2002/65 / ec.
19.3 lpg can withdraw at any time by his contract concluded with legal user without notice if: (a) the user has violated substantive rules of contract (or has acted in such a way to show clearly that they will not or is unable to comply with the provisions of the contract); or (b) lpg is obliged by law to act in this way (for example if the provision of the service to the consumer is, or becomes, illegal.
19.4 lpg may cancel the contract at any time by providing the user advance two months, unless a shorter period provided for in this agreement in accordance with the provisions of the law.
19.5 termination of this agreement, all the rights, obligations and the legal responsibilities of which the user and lpg benefited to which they are subjects (or are accrued over time during the period of validity of the contract) or which have been specifically declared as rights, obligations and accountability intended to last indefinitely, will not be less, and the provisions referred to in clause will continue to apply to such rights, 24.6 obligations and responsibilities indefinitely.
20.
Exclusion of guarantees
20.1 lpg, its subsidiaries and subsidiaries (and related licences) do not recognise any guarantee concessori expressed in relation to the provision of services or declaration.
20.2 in particular, its subsidiaries and subsidiaries (lpg, and their licences) are or shall ensure concessori user:
(A) the use of services meets the needs of users.
(B) the use of services by the user is continuous, timely, safe and free of errors; and
(C) information obtained from the user using services are accurate and reliable.
20.3 any conditions, guarantee or other term (including any terms on the quality, the suitability implicit for a particular purpose or to compliance with the description) shall apply to services, if not conditions, guarantees and the deadlines expressly in the contract.
20.4 nothing in contract shall take effect on legal rights in any case approved the user as consumer and user can not agree to amend or refuse contractually.
21.
Limitation of liability
21.1 anything as stipulated in the contract or exclude will limit the responsibility of lpg insofar as this is not permitted under the existing law.
21.2 under clause, lpg, its previous 21.1 subsidiaries and subsidiaries (and related licences) will not be concessori accountable to the user for: (a) any indirect losses incurred by the user. or consequenziali
Included losses profits (performed directly or indirectly), trade or business or any loss of reputation suffered by user data; (b) any loss or damage suffered by the user as a result of: (i) designation of user on the completeness, accuracy or on on the existence of advertisements, or as a result of any reports or transactions between the user and a sponsor or referred to are shown inserzionista announcements on the website of lpg; (ii) any changes from lpg services or termination or temporary supply services (or any service functions); (iii) malfunctioning services; (iv) cancellation, damage or failure data storage communications managed or forwarded by when using services or services; (v) negligence user in providing lpg precise information on the account; and (vi) any fraudulent use of services by the user.
21.3 anyway, the user will any interest or lpg costs incurred for failure or incorrect implementation by lpg a payment transaction.
22.
Amendments to the contract
22.1 user accepts that lpg will from time to time changes to the contract.
On those occasions, communicate changes to user via a gpl sent mail in email address user with two (2) months notice from the date proposed for the entry into force of the amendments in question, unless a shorter period provided for in this agreement in accordance with applicable law.
22.2 user recognises and accepts that the changes will be deemed to be accepted from him, unless the user tell otherwise lpg as provided for in clause 23.5 through communication before the date of entry into force of the amendments.
In this case the contract is resolved immediately without incurring any cost before the date of entry into force of the amendments.
User also has the right to withdraw immediately from the contract without incurring any costs at any time before the date of entry into force of the amendments.
22.3 nothing in clause 22: (a) the right to limit lpg to update and adapt from time to time and without notice their own rules or add new functions, which may be accepted by the user using the same functions.
Such changes may take place using a mechanism chosen at the discretion of lpg and these procedures may include sending a communication via email or the publication on a website google.
(B) the parties ' right to amend the terms of this clause if the change is not prohibited by law and is accepted by both sides.
22.4 changes made to this service is not regulated shall be communicated by e-mail with prior notice of fourteen (14) days.
23.
Communications and notifications
23.1 all information will be made available or provided to the user so that they are easily accessible, in a language easily understood, in a clear format and understandable and in english, unless it is provided a translation to facilitate the user in accordance with the clause 4 given above.
23.2 declarations, notifications and other communications user could be provided by ordinary mail, mail, publications on the website of lpg or by other means reasonable.
23.3 lpg can communicate with the user for services by means of communications in electronic format, including: (a) send email to email address of the user or (b) publication of notifications or on communications website lpg.
User accepts that lpg can send on any matter relating to the electronic communications using services user, including the contract (and any revisions or adjustments of the contract), or disclosure regarding the services and notifications payment appropriations.
Special types of communications will be managed in the following ways:
User contracts will be provided at the time of registration in printable format;
Possible amendments to this agreement made after registration will be made available through an email message sent to the email address of the user;
Except in cases where this agreement provides otherwise, the notification of withdrawal from this agreement will be provided through a mail message sent to the email address of user;
Information transaction payment and reimbursement will be made available in history transactions account online user within the centre google payments;
Information relating to a suspension of the service will be made available in history transactions account user online; and
Information relating to the refusal of payment transactions and reimbursement will be made available online user account transactions in history.
23.4 user is required to keep a copy of all communications received electronically stampandone a paper copy or a copy in electronic format; all salvandone information supplied to the user in electronic form shall be notified of the user is capable of assuming stamparne or a copy. save
23.5 lpg any notification under this contract must be sent by registered to: payment limited, 5 new street lpg square, london Ec4a, united kingdom, indicating " for 3tw the attention of google payments team, except for:
Notifications loss, theft, unauthorised use or breach of security, which must be sent as soon as possible to the centre assistance for the buyer.
Notifications of withdrawal from this contract, which must be sent via the centre assistance for the buyer.
Notifications in accordance with the clause, which must be sent via the 22.2 centre assistance for the buyer.
23.6 user can consult free their transactions history of transactions, which is updated its online accounts at least every month.
User agrees not to receive paper reports.
From 13 july 2018, lpg, email, the user will on a monthly basis and free of charge, a link to its history online transactions, unless the user does not require separately not to receive the monthly statement email and ask instead of information related to its transactions are made available only in the history of its transactions online accounts.
On application by the user could provide at our discretion communications, other documentation or additional information relating to transactions but, in this case, we could charge to the user a management committee reasonable.
23.7 lpg had need to contact the user where in case of fraud or suspected or actual threat to security, send a email to email address primary lpg user to urge it to make contact with the gpl.
Lpg could also send an email to email address secondary user or a text message to telephone number of the user, if available.
24.
Legal terms general
24.1 licences clauses of this contract are only designed to facilitate consultation and not influence the interpretation or the structure of the contract.
24.2 reference to any law or legislative provisions includes the reference to the law or to this bill as from time to time as, or extended again issued.
24.3 save where otherwise provided in such a way as in the contract, all amounts specified in the contract shall be in euro.
24.4 contract represents the full legal agreement concluded between the user and lpg, provides for the use of services by the user (excluding any services provided by lpg user with a written agreement separate) and replace any previous contract between the user completely in respect of services and lpg.
24.5 user accepts that, if not exercised or to assert a right lpg or legal remedy contained in the contract (or lpg benefits under a law), this will not be considered an act of surrender formal rights lpg and that can still enjoy these rights or lpg remedies.
24.6 where a court having jurisdiction in an issue concerning the contract decrees that a provision of the contract is not valid, this will be removed without any effect on other provisions of the contract.
The remaining provisions of the contract will continue to be valid and applicable.
24.7 user may not assign the benefits of the contract or subcontract or transfer otherwise none of their rights or obligations arising from the contract without the prior written consent of lpg.
Lpg may attribute benefit, or to subcontract or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations arising from this contract to any third party without notice and without the consent of the user, except in cases where this leads to a change in the rights of user relating to payment services and rules on electronic money contained in this contract.
Lpg will in this case, in accordance with the user a notification set out in clause 22.
24.8 user recognises and accepts that each member of the group of companies which is the ultimate beneficiary third of lpg will contract and that such other companies will have the right to apply directly, and rely on any such arrangement of the contract which gives them an advantage or rights in their favour.
Except these companies, any other person or company will be beneficiary third of the contract.
24.9 contracts and the ratio of user with pursuant to the contract will be regulated by the gpl english law, except for the fact that will apply any additional rights recognised by the consumer.
User lpg and agree to have the jurisdiction of the italian courts to resolve any legal issue arising under this contract.
Despite 24.9 user this clause is still entitled to request accepts that lpg precautionary measures (or an equivalent type of) in any legal remedy urgent jurisdiction.
24.10 under the italian civil code, user declare that i have read this document and approve the terms: specifically in clauses
3.
Acceptance of the contract;
4.
Supply and language of the contraa;
6.
Provision of the service by lpg;
9.
Privacy and personal information user;
10.
Payment instrument;
11.
Processing of payments in electronic money;
13.
Payment transactions permitted;
18.
No product approval;
19.
Termination of the user with lpg;
20.
Exclusion guarantees;
21.
Limitation of liability;
22.
Amendments to the contract;
23.
Communications and notifications;
24.7.
Ban management of the contract; and
24.9.
Applicable law and competent court.
