Policies.google.com https: / / / / archive / terms? hl = en 20140430
Service google
Last modified: 30 april 2014 (view versions of archive)
Welcome to google.
Thanks for the use of our products and services (" services ").
The services are provided by google inc. ("
Google "), based in 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, united states.
Using our services, user accepts the present terms.
Please read them carefully.
Our services are highly heterogeneous, therefore sometimes could be other words additional requirements or application to specific products (including requirements for age).
Additional deadlines will be available in the services and will be part of the contract with us by user when using these services.
Use of services
We need to keep all the rules made available to the user within services.
Our services should not be used improperly.
E.g. forbidden to interfere with our services or try to access it using a different method from interface and the instructions that we provided.
Our services may be used only as allowed by law, including laws and regulations on export controls and re-exports.
Suspend could or to halt the provision of our services to the user if they did not respect our terms or our standards or where we were carrying out an investigation of a case of alleged unlawful conduct.
Using our services, the user is holding any intellectual property right on our services or the substance it accesses.
Shall not be used the contents from our services without having received authorization by the owner or which are not permitted by law.
These terms shall not grant the user the right to use any label or logo used in our services.
Remove obscure, is prohibited or alter any disclaimer displayed in our services or together with them.
Display content in our services are not are owned by google.
Such will be sole responsibility of the person who makes them available.
We reserve the right to examine the contents to establish any illegality or opposition to our rules, and we can also remove or refuse to display of content if we reasonable-grounds indication for believing in breach of our rules. or the law
Does not necessarily mean that we look at the content, and it will assume.
As regards the use of services by the user, we could send it service announcements, administrative and other information messages.
Sending communications can be off.
Some of our services are available on mobile devices.
Such services should not be used where they can cause distraction and violations of the code or the road safety legislation.
The google account user
To use some of our services may need a google account.
The google account may be created by user itself or assigned by an administrator, for example an employer or an educational establishment.
Where user use a google account assigned by a director, could be applied different terms or additional and the administrator may be able to access your account or turn it off.
To protect the google account, we must maintain the password confidential.
User is responsible for the work on or through their google account.
You should not password for google account for reuse third-party applications.
If you were aware of any unauthorised use of its or their google account password, please follow these instructions.
Protection of privacy and copyright
Rules privacy illustrate our methods of google processing of personal data and privacy of the user when he uses our services.
Using our services, user accepts that google can use such data in accordance with our rules on privacy.
Respond notifications of alleged violation of copyright and we close our account of offenders in accordance with the procedure laid down in the habitual digital millennium copyright act (us law copyright).
Provide information to help holders of copyright to manage their intellectual property online.
If user thinks that someone is violating its copyright and wished, you can find information on the deployment of segnalarcelo notifications and standards google on responses to notifications in our centre assistance.
The contents of the user in our services
Some of our services can load, forward, store, send or receive content.
User retains any intellectual property rights held on such content.
In short, what belongs to the user remains his property.
When user charge, sends store, send or receive content from or through our services gives google (and partners with which we cooperate) a licence to use global, host, store, play, edit, to create derivative works (such as those arising from translations or other changes, adjustments in such a way that the contents to work better with our services report, to publish, and distribute the publicly run publicly display these elements.
Rights granting with this limited purpose of using licence to encourage and improve our services and to develop them.
This licence remains even if the user stops using our services (e.g. in the case of a sheet business addition to google maps).
Some services could provide access modes and removal of content to that service. provided
In some of our services are present terms or settings that restrict the part of our use of content sent to them.
We must be sure to have rights necessary for us this license than any content sent to our services.
Our automated systems analyse the contents of the user (including the email) in order to provide functionality of relevant products on a personal level, as research results custom, tailor-made and detection of spam advertising and malware.
This analysis occurs when the contents are sent, received, and stored.
If the user has a google account, the name and the profile picture and transactions on google or through third-party applications related to the google account (as do + 1, write and publish) may be displayed reviews comments by google within its own services, including the view in announcements and in other contexts.
We respect the choices made by the user in order to limit settings sharing or within its visibility google account.
For example, the user can choose its settings so that your name and image will not be displayed in a advertisement.
For more information on how to use and storage of content taken by google can be consulted the rules on privacy or the terms of additional specific services.
Where user feedback or suggestions on our services, send such feedback or suggestions we could use against the user without any obligation agreement.
Information on software in our services
When service or requires that includes software downloadable could on the provisions of software update automatically when user a new version available or function.
Some services, it may be possible to modify the settings automatic update.
Google gives the user a licence staff, world, non-assignable, but not exclusive royalty-free to use the software provided by google within their services.
The sole purpose of this license is to enable the user to use the services provided by google and to use its benefits, in the manner permitted by these terms.
Are not allowed to copy, modify, distribute, sell or rent parts of our services or software included or try to extract the source code or decode from such software, unless the law prohibits such restrictions or where we have of our written consent.
Open-source software, is important for us.
Some software programs used in our services could be offered with an open source license which we will be available to the user.
The open source license could include some of these provisions prevailing expressly terms.
Edit interruption in the supply and services
We are constantly to modify and improve our services.
Could add or remove function or characteristics and we could withhold or terminate completely the provision of a service.
The user can stop using our services at any time, even though we mind. go see
Google might also stop the supply of services user or to establish new limits access to services at any time.
We think that the data user are his property and retain its access to such data is important.
If disrupting the supply of a service, where reasonably practicable, offer the user a reasonable notice and the possibility of removing the information to the service.
Guarantees and limitations of liability
For our services we set a level of competence and commercially responsible attention, and this hope that their use is welcome to users.
But we can not make promises about certain aspects of our services.
Except in the cases expressly laid down in these terms or in terms, nor its suppliers or google additional or distributors in relation to services issue specific guarantees.
For example, not any guarantees contained in services, we put on specific function services and on their reliability, availability or capacity to meet the needs of the user.
These services are supplied " as they are. "
Certain jurisdictions provide certain guarantees, as the implied warranty of merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose and the evizione.
To the extent permitted by law, let us exclude all the collateral.
The responsibility of our services
When allowed by law, google, and its suppliers and distributors are not responsible for loss of earnings, revenue or data, financial losses or indirect damage, special, or punitive. consequenziali)
Insofar permitted by the law, the total liability of google and its suppliers and distributors of any complaint under the present terms, including complaints for any implied guarantee, is limited to the amount paid by the user to us for the use of services, or in our discretion, to a new supply of services).
In any case, google, and its suppliers and distributors are not responsible for any loss or damage was not reasonably foreseeable.
We are aware that in some countries, the user might enjoy legal rights as consumers.
If user use services for a purpose staff, nothing in these or in any terms additional terms will restrict the rights of consumers to which legal is essentially by contract.
Business use of our services
If our services were used on behalf of a company, the company must accept these terms.
The company should be free and protect and its subsidiaries, google officials agents and employees from any complaint, because action arising from or relating to the use or services or the violation of these terms, including any responsibility or expenditure resulting from complaints, loss, damage, legal action, judgments, and legal costs of the proceedings.
Information on these terms
We could change the present terms or any terms additional applicable to a service, for example to reflect changes in the law or to our services.
Deadlines should be consulted regularly.
Will communications relating to variations to the terms on this page.
Notifications on any changes to terms will be published on the additional service.
Changes will not be retrospectively and enter into force not earlier than fourteen days after the date of publication.
But changes related to the new functions of a service or any modifications for legal reasons come immediately into force.
If the user does not accept the terms of a service, is invited to modified stop to use it.
In case of conflict between the present terms and the terms additional will the terms additional.
Terms governing the relationship between these user and not google and give rise to any right of a third party beneficiaries.
Where user does not comply with these words, the lack of action by our early adoption can not be seen as abandonment of our rights (e.g. the right to take action in the future.
Should specific estimates were inapplicable, this will not extend to other inapplicability forecasts.
Courts in some countries do not apply the laws of california for certain types of disputes.
User resiedesse if in one of those countries, whereas there is no application of the laws of california for such disputes relating to these terms will apply the laws of the country of the user.
Otherwise, in case of any disputes arising from the present terms or services or related to them, the user accepts that the laws are applied, california, excluding rules of private international law of california.
When courts in the country not to recognise the user should allow the jurisdiction and competence of the courts of the county of santa clara, california, usa, for such disputes related to these terms may be deemed exist jurisdiction and the competence of the user forum.
Otherwise all complaints arising from these terms or services, or related should be presented only in the federal courts or state of the county of santa clara, california, usa, and google and user agree jurisdiction in such personal courts.
For information on how to contact our contact google page.
