Groupon international limited terms and conditions of use
This page gives the terms governing the use of the site of international limited and services that offer Groupon.
1.
Some useful information on the terms and conditions of use
1.1.
What is this document and who are we: what you're reading is a document with legal value, which is the agreement between you, the customer (which in this document we will refer with them " you " or the client) and us.
You called to adhere to the terms and conditions of use of following overall referred to as " agreement. "
We Groupon international limited, managers this site, as well as providers of a number of services related to it.
Groupon international limited is a company incorporated in ireland, headquartered in lower ground floor, connaught house, 1 road, dublin 4, burlington, p. vat. 216410 ireland 182.898.064
Throughout this document, we will refer to ourselves with the expressions " international, " " we, " Groupon " the company ' and we shall for us and the other companies in the group, including our related Groupon controlling and controlled as " group. ' Groupon
Groupon international limited may take contracts, rights, bonds, under these responsibilities terms and conditions of use to limited by means of notified for novation Mycitydeal writing (posted on this site or communicated by other means) with the result that only the international limited rights and remains Groupon tiolare obligations arising from these terms and conditions of use and, therefore, you listen here and the transfer of the award all the rights, obligations and responsibilities of the contract.
1.2.
What we do.
Society provides a platform (including this site, the mobile applications, etc.) where we, our affiliated and other local vendors, collectively, the salesmen) may include tenders for coupon, business, goods, travel and other products (collectively, the " articles.
As suppliers of the platform, and we support helping agreements relating to articles that occur on our platform.
Ever we do not act as customers nor, normally, sellers.
We indeed have a place where sellers and you can negotiate and conclude agreements.
This means that during your interaction within the site, in addition to this agreement, you will be bound by other contractual relations with different legal entities.
1.3.
What are these legal relations?
Any article purchases through our website, be subject to the terms and conditions on the seller.
Since Groupon not normally takes the as seller international, this means that, probably your contract of sale is concluded with different subject (often a group company). Groupon
We remind you that all the contracts for the sale of articles are concluded exclusively between the client and the seller of the article in question (and not by international unless Groupon international Groupon take the quality of seller).
The seller is responsible for the sale and the management of complaints or any other issue arising from or related to the contract concluded between you and the seller.
Also when buying a coupon, in addition to the sales contract you with the vendor coupon, will also be concluded a contract between you and the company which from time to time provides products when your coupon at one company (purchase " partners ").
Coupon or as regards the us or the seller take responsibility on the contracts relating to the redemption of your partner with coupon.
Also we never act as an agent of the seller or partner.
1.4.
What else we are talking about: we could offer to take part in a forum post content or user, send you and other communications t newsletter.
For e-mails, however, we could send some information needs about you.
Lanostra please consult privacy policy for information about how we collect and treat the personal data.
1.5.
Field use: our site and our services are provided to exclusively personal use and non-commercial except as permitted separately for writing.
Accessible site only through our app through web browser standards and mobile and the similar applications.
Is allowed access by robots, spider, research applications / offline, readers retrieving information from sites or other devices, instruments or processes manual or automatic useful to recover, index or by our website, including by extrapolating data scraping, or anything else. spidering
Developing exception, mode at any time by the company, revocable operators of search engines may use public spider to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose, and only to the extent necessary for the creation of indices of materials research publicly available, but not for copies or files such materials. cache
1.6.
Licence limited.
Notwithstanding any other view of present terms of use, you can use web crawler, index, or be cached the contents of the show this website the sole purpose of (s) show the site as a result of research through engine, and (ii) optimize (through, or otherwise pages mobile accelerated) access to other users at the site.
Groupon reserves all rights, including the copyright of code and content (including html code that is optimized for mobile pages) and no clause of these accelerated terms of use may be interpreted as an explicit or implicit renunciation of any of his rights, or to Groupon its may operate every clause of these terms of use.
1.7.
Prohibition on the use, we reserve the right to use the services of the site and rays (or part of them).
1.8.
Definitions: in this agreement are used different definitions recognize because indicated with capital letter.
All definitions will be specified within or at the end of this agreement in sezione13).
2.
Register with us and create their own account
2.1.
Because register?
Depending on the particular function which are within our site by going at a given time, you may need to register for the use of much of the functionality and for having access to many of the services available.
E.g. you register in order to make a purchase necessarily unless you choose to use the function " as a guest on the checkout.
If you make a purchase using the function of " guest " and did not already checkout an account with us, we will create an account for you on the basis of the information that we have provided for the transaction (for example, your name, address, e-mail address and other information relating to the transaction).
Later can claim that creating a password for the same account.
Your account will offer you easy access to the press of your, to display purchases previously made coupon, the accumulation of your credit and change your preferences. Groupon
We reserve the right to reject a new registration or delete an account at any time.
Also recording on the allows you not to reinstate information whenever a new proceed.
2.2.
As register: it is necessary for you to register provides your name, address, e-mail address, and additional personal information as required.
2.3.
Password: during the period of registration, you will also provide us with a password.
We need to maintain the password confidential and immediately if any unauthorised warned us they have knowledge or where is done any unauthorised use of your e-mail address or even whether there is any breach of security standards which you may be aware.
Accepts also that we will be responsible in any way where one person to whom your password has been disclosed, uses (and / or end through our services and transactions) our website.
Please bear in mind that responsibility for preserving the confidentiality of password is entirely at your load.
2.4.
E-mail valid: all accounts must be recorded in an e-mail address, good staff you regularly access.
Accounts which have been registered with the e-mail address of someone else or e-mail addresses will have closed temporary without any prior notice.
We reserve the right to ask you to revalidate where your account is that you have used an e-mail address is invalid.
2.5.
Groupon e-mail: international can send you to administrative and promotional. e-mail content
We can also send you any information concerning the activities of your account your purchases, updates on our website edai, our services and other promotional offers.
Could send you information on purchases (you made.
Picking at any time have our e-mail by clicking on the link cancellation to get promotion at the end of each of the e-mail receive).
2.6 push ": if you agreed, notifications international can send you " push " notifications Groupon of an advertising nature on its your device (mobile devices for tenders general or based on location.
Picking at any time not to receive our " push " changing your preferences on notifications promotional mobile device.
3.
Content of the user
3.1.
Content user: within our site may be offered to holders of accounts and visitors the possibility of sending or publish opinions, reviews, assessments, comments, advice, discussions, messages, replies to surveys and other communications and files, images, photos, videos, audio recordings, musical works and other content (collectively, the " contained user ").
Content user may be sent or published through forum, bulletin boards, newsgroups, chat, surveys or other media, blogs that can be from time to time offered on or through or in connection with our website or our services.
May still be necessary to have an account in order to send successfully the contents of the user.
3.2.
Owner content of user: in providing the contents of the user, and to be the owner of state guarantee such material or, if you act on behalf of others, have expressed their prior authorization to send and publication of these elements and all rights relating to the granting of licences and permits any kind in relation to these contents of the user.
Also declares and guarantee (or, if in the name of the owner of the contents of the agissi user, have you made sure it declares) and ensuring content sharing user, for the purposes specified, does not violate or copyright, trademarks leda or any other intellectual property right or industrial third, including the rights advertising or rights to privacy.
3.3.
Restrictions: you really not transmitting, publishing or otherwise make available on our website any copyrighted material, trademark or other intellectual property rights or industrial third without the express permission of the holder of copyright of trademark or any other intellectual property right or industrial.
Groupon fails to take any explicit obligation to provide information, or related responsibilities, reporting or any other element aimed at determining if the material in question is protected by copyright or is a registered trademark.
You sole responsibility for any damage arising from any breach of copyright, trademarks, of intellectual property rights or industrial or any other damage resulting from the transmission of material on the site.
Further restrictions and the prohibited activities required to be aware that you are listed in section 5 below.
3.4.
Use content of user: international has the right and only absolute Groupon, but not the obligation, to amend, publish, to publish and monitor the remove refuse user content.
To Groupon international also has the right, but not the obligation to disclose the contents of the user and the circumstances of their transmission to third parties, at any time and for any reason, also in order to assess compliance with this agreement and any other provision established by international, and in order to meet Groupon to any law, regulation or request government authorised.
Prejudice above, has the right to remove any Groupon international material from the site, to your sole and absolute discretion.
Groupon international bears no responsibility for any user or for other information content appear or are removed from the site or elsewhere.
Groupon international nor has no obligation to make use of these elements and can opt out altogether from using them.
3.5.
Modification or removal of content of user: in some circumstances, it is possible that the contents of the user you sent or released via your account are modified or removed.
Groupon international does not in any way that the contents of the user you alter or remove are modified or removed from the site or elsewhere, or that the content of the user on the internet, cease to appear in search engines, on the websites of social media, or in any other form, average or technology.
3.6.
Public nature of content of user: the customer recognised and accepted that the content of the user are public.
Any person (user or not services international) can read your content Groupon user without your realizing it.
It is therefore recommended not to include personal information additional or any information contained in your user not become public wishes.
Groupon international is not responsible for the use or disclosure of personal information or any other information you provide with the contents of the user.
3.7.
Special user: any content of any kind made by you or by a third party is the work of their author (s) or distributor (s) and not Groupon international.
Other users may publish the contents of the user which are inaccurate, misleading or misleading.
Groupon international does not approve the contents of the user, nor is responsible and will not be liable to the client or any other entity for any loss or damage caused by reliance on these user. put content
Content user reflect the views of the person who public and may not reflect the views of Groupon international.
Groupon international does not control the content of the user or adopted, and in particular declines all responsibility on or in relation to your contribution, use of or rely on any content of the user and any action that arises from your participation in any part of the site or services, including any content of user regrettable.
3.8.
Concession some content user you transmit to international can be viewed or you can Groupon choose that with your personal data are transmitted or a part thereof, including, for example but not exhaustive, your name, your initials, your username, username of social media site using, your image, portraits, preferences, voice and location.
Concedia Groupon international and group rights free of fees, perpetual Groupon, irrevocable, absolute non-exclusive permissible in sublicenza, transferable, right around the world to use, offer for sale and display, distribute surrender your personal information concerning the content user, regardless of whether they appear content alone or as part of other work, and in any form, medium or technology, and subsequently developed currently known or grant in such rights to the more sublicenza without the payment to all sublicenziatari your for begins.
International Groupon however, will have no obligation to use your personal information in relation to the content of the user.
3.9.
Against Groupon international license: property rights on content all conserverai user that you send or pubblicherai.
But providing the contents of the user or other information on or through the site, make international and group a right Groupon and a licence free from Groupon fees, world, in perpetual, irrevocable, absolute, not exclusive concedibili sublicenza, transferable to use play, create work derived from, publish, distribute, run, correct translate show, offer for sale and to give the contents of the user, alone or as part of other work, and in any form, average or technology, now known to, or after developed and such rights to the more sublicenza without the payment to all sublicenziatari your for begins.
Under this agreement also abandon any law relating to paternity or integrity of materials covered by the user you can be contained recognised under any existing law.
License accruing to international and the group about the Groupon contents of the user or the Groupon personal data provided their use for promotions, includes advertising, marketing, market research, feedback from partner, quality control or for any other purpose can.
3.10.
Procedures copyright: Groupon reserves the right to suspend the right of the user or third parties to use the site, where such use infringes the intellectual property rights of others.
In certain circumstances and at his sole discretion, has the power to suspend the right Groupon user or third parties to enter the site, where are aware of the repeated violations of Groupon such users or third parties.
If user considers that, through our website, have been published by third parties which constitute a violation of copyright material and wishes aware of user him Groupon is required here or to provide its reporting adinviare agent for the copyright, mentioned below, the following Groupon information: (a) an electronic signature or handwritten of the person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of works protected by copyright; (b) the identification of the work protected by copyright and the location within the site, opera violated; (c) a supposedly written declaration user claims to believe in good faith that use contested has not been authorised by the owner, its agent or by law; (d) his name and contact details, including, for example, the telephone number and email address; and (e) a declaration stating that the above information is accurate and true and that the consignor is the owner of copyright or a person authorised to act
Contact details for the agent for the copyright to notify the reporting of violation of Groupon copyright are:
Groupon, inc.
Att copyright agent
And / or the risk management department
Floors 11-12, kent tower
2 leman, street, london, united kingdom 8fa e1
E-mail: @ emearisklegal groupon.com
Procedures for the reporting of violations: if the consumer holds the copyright, the trade mark, the patent or other intellectual property rights (" ip ") or where the rights owner user is a staff member authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the rights (" ip ") and is authorised agent in good faith that materials or products on the site might constitute a breach of copyright of trademark or other intellectual property rights owner of the rights and you want to take him aware of ip, you can send their alert Groupon here.
3.11.
Suggestions unsolicited: please bear in mind that we can not accept unsolicited suggestions of any kind received directly or through employees or agents or group, including international Groupon Groupon proposals for new products or improvements in names or technologies, to advertising campaigns and marketing plans or other promotions.
Please not even through the us (our employees) any material not required, suggestion, or in any form (image other work equipment not required ").
Otherwise recognize and accept as follows, irrespective of any letter or other words accompanying you can do:
Groupon international has no obligation to evaluate materials not requested and to keep them confidential, and
Groupon international reserves the right to hold, use and redistribute materials that are required for any purpose, without any restrictions or requirement for approval or compensation.
4.
Standard used and limitation GROUPON international
4.1.
Our Groupon international standard: every effort required adopts in the performance of its activities and shall ensure that:
4.1.1.
Will care and expertise that is reasonable to expect in the fulfilment of any obligation under this agreement;
4.1.2.
Not breaks fee of professional diligence place to garrison of its business.
4.2.
Section 4: it is important.
Section 4 shall apply with priority over all other sections of this agreement and lays down the limits of our responsibility for failure failure to or delayed implementation of this agreement, services, site or any purchase (or part thereof), or in any case in relation to this agreement or the conclusion or performance of the contraa.
4.3.
For what we are responsible: nothing in this agreement or will exclude our responsibility for (i) fraud; (ii) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (iii) gross negligence on our part; or (iv) any responsibility that can not be excluded or limited by law.
The customer is in any case take reasonable steps to prevent or limit any damage.
4.4.
For what we are not responsible: prejudice the clause, as our 4.3 activity consists in providing our website and related services for a non-commercial use the same by the client, we will never be responsible for: 4.4.1.
Loss of income or revenue; 4.4.2.
Loss of income current or foreseen; 4.4.3.
Lost opportunity; 4.4.4.
Loss consequential (for " indirect or loss ' means losses than consequential notes laid down or otherwise) predictable.
5.
Your obligations
5.1.
Accuracy of the information: you guarantee that all the information provided at the time of recording and contained within your account are true, complete and accurate and where such information changes, you are changing the timely data communication your account.
5.2.
Content of the site: it is your responsibility verify that all items or information (or products) made available on the meet the your specific needs.
5.3.
What: you can't do without restrictions, you really do not use and not to allow other services or use the site:
5.3.1.
To load, send or receive any material, including the content of the user which they may harm of good taste.
5.3.2.
To load, send or receive any material, including the content of the user, which is illegal, harmful, harmful, improper, racist minatorio molesto, pornographic, violent, misleading homophobe seriously, whether indecent, obscene, offensive or defamatory or blasphemous which infringes the rights of injurious or another natural or legal person, in contempt of court or in breach of trust, including copyright, trademarks, patents, the rights of personality, advertising or confidentiality or other rights of third parties;
5.3.3.
To load, send or receive any material, including the content of the user, for whom you haven't received all the necessary licences and / or approvals (by us or by a third party) or which are conducted that could be considered, or encourage, from which crime and / or civil, criminal liability would be derived or would still conflict with the law or would violate the rights of third parties, in every country in the world;
5.3.4.
To load, send or receive materials that are technically (including computer viruses, harmful logic bomb, trojan horses, worm, components, corrupt data or harmful, damaging or anything that can software interrupt, interfere with, or otherwise cause loss, damage, corrupt destruction or restrictions functionalities any software or computer equipment);
5.3.5.
To cause disorder, accidents or undue disturbances;
5.3.6.
To intercept or try to intercept communications transmitted by telecommunications systems;
5.3.7.
For purposes of use other than that for which we have designed or which we intended.
5.3.8.
For any purpose fraudulent; or
5.3.9.
Whatever aimed at inciting hatred against any kind of minority ethnic, religious and other or prejudicial to any person, whether natural or legal person or group.
5.4.
Prohibited uses: the following uses of the site and services are expressly prohibited and you really (or not to allow other) to carry out any of the following:
5.4.1.
Sell services or site;
5.4.2.
Provide false data including names, addresses and contact false, credit card numbers fraudulently use / debt;
5.4.3.
Our attempts to circumvent security measures or violate our network, for example while accessing data not intended for you, making log in with a server or an account to which you are not expressly authorised to access or explore the safety of other networks (for example by port scanning);
5.4.4.
Access service (or) or carry out any other activities at the site so as to put our infrastructure to an unreasonable or disproportionate workload or in any case we stop or interfere with the function, efficiency and the operation;
5.4.5.
To carry out any form of monitoring network data not intended for you; interceptions
5.4.6.
Send unsolicited e-mails, including sending " junk mail ' or other advertising material in people who did not demanded.
Pointed ban sending you mass large amounts of mail is not required (" "), including bulk mail sending bulk mail on commercial advertising, information and promotional advertisements or censuses political or religious.
These materials can be sent only to those who have demanded.
If a person requests not to receive any e-mail of this nature, you'll never send any e-mail to that entity;
5.4.7.
Create continue or " chains or other " patterns " letters " of any kind to pyramidal regardless of whether the recipient wishes or not receive these messages;
5.4.8.
E-mail disturbance, even sending to a user e-mail quantitatively high;
5.4.9.
Interact or conclude agreements with us, with fraudulently a seller or with a partner (including interact and conclude agreements to do so in saying and on behalf of a third party when you have no authority to place this third part or as a third party); presentandoti ingannevolmente
5.4.10.
Use services or site (or any functionality), one of the two relevant in breach of this agreement;
5.4.11.
To use the information contained in its header of e-mails so unauthorised or falsifying such information;
5.4.12.
Take any illegal activity in connection with the use of services and / or site or a coupon; or
5.4.13.
Copy or use the contents of the user for commercial purposes.
5.5.
Devices services and the use of the site does not include the provision of a computer or any other device necessary to access the website or services.
To use website or services, you need an internet connection problem.
We responsible for telephone costs, expenditure on telecommunications or other costs where you can run.
6.
Rules for using the services and site
6.1.
Errors and omissions: we are not responsible for any errors or omissions (e.g.
Publish a coupon at a price of € instead €!) 199 1.99
If we respected the standards listed in section 4 of this agreement.
Use reasonable efforts to correct any errors or omissions as soon as possible after having received communication.
We reserve the right to change, vary, replace, suspend or remove without notice any coupon, article, service or information on the present or parts of services from time to time.
6.2.
Viruses and the like: we do not ensure that the services or website are no virus or any other damaging element that can have an adverse effect on any technological device.
6.3.
Interruption access: although we will try to allow access to the site, the services and uninterrupted access to services and site may be suspended or discontinued, limited at any time.
Access to the site and / or services may also be limited to enable the repair occasionally, maintenance or introduction of new structures or services.
Try to restore access as quickly as possible.
Also reserve the right to block access to any material and / or edit or remove any material which, in our view, a reasonable may result in violation of this agreement.
6.4.
Closure accounts: we reserve the right to close the account of each user that violates our terms and conditions of use, even in cases where it is found that a user is using ip addresses (internet protocol) proxy type to try to hide the use of multiple news accounts, or if a user pretend to be located in a country other than that in which he resides, or actually cause in any way disorder operating site or service.
6.5.
Multiple accounts: if more than one account use, if we decide to act against you, these actions will cover all your account.
7.
Suspension and resolution 7.1.
If you use (or anyone else in your place and with your permission to use) services or site in breach of this agreement, we can suspend, in whole or in part, the use of services and / or of the site.
7.2.
If sospendiamo services or the site, we refuse to provide new resources until we get reassurance from your in a form which we considered to be acceptable, that there will be no further infringements of the provisions of this agreement.
7.3.
Groupon cooperates fully with international all competent authorities requiring or to revealing the identity of international order Groupon or identification of anyone can violating this agreement.
7.4.
Save any other provisions contained in this section 7, we are entitled at any time (in whole or in part) to: (i) suspend the services and / or the site; (ii) suspend your use of services and / or of the site; (iii) suspend the use of services and / or premises by people who we believe to be linked in any way (to you); and / or (iv) immediately resolve this agreement if: 7.4.1.
Commit any breach of this agreement; 7.4.2.
Arise reasonable grounds to believe that you've done, you could commit a breach of this agreement; or commit or 7.4.3.
Are reasonable grounds to believe that you've done, you could commit or fraud to our damage or commit against any third party.
7.5.
Save any other provisions contained in this section 7 we can resolve this agreement at any time.
7.6.
Termination of this agreement is without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to us in relation to any breach, or in relation to any rights, bonds or prior to the termination accrued responsibility.
8.
Protection of personal data
8.1.
We expect you to consult our privacy policy privacy policy and policy on cookie policy (cookies forming an integral part of this agreement.
9.
Advertisements
9.1.
Advertisements may be published on our behalf by an advertising agency third may, on our own, place or a single " in his " recognise cookie browser.
If you want more information about this practice and want to know what you can do not to allow the use of such information by any company, consult the cookie and the privacy policy nostrapolitica.
10.
Links to and from other sites
10.1.
If site contains links to sites and resources provided by third parties (" other sites '), collectively links to these sites are inserted exclusively to provide information and exclusively for your benefit.
We have no control over other sites, and we do not assume any liability for other sites or for the content or the products of other sites (including in relation to social media sites like facebook) and we do not assume any liability for any loss or damage that could arise from their use.
If you decide to access to one of the sites of third parties connected by link to the website, i assume its risk.
11.
Intellectual property rights or industrial
11.1.
Groupon letting you a licence limited, international staff, non-transferable non-exclusive, and for access and use the site access under this agreement and all the other conditions and policies laid down by international. Groupon
All intellectual property rights or industrial (including copyright, patents, trade marks, trade names, the domain names, the identification of social media, drawings, registered or not) of the site and services (section 11.4) save materials, information and following the content on the site or take within the service, operated by us, the whole any database design, the text, graphics, software, photos, videos, music, sounds, data, and all the compilations software, the source code and the underlying software (including applet) and the script and selection, coordination, organisation and improving related are our property (or that of our licensees).
You can't get, and you won't try to obtain any claim on this property.
All existing rights reserved.
11.2.
No material listed in the previous section 11.1, in whole or in part, may be reproduced, distributed, amended published downloaded, copied see run or sent in any form, posted and by any means, sold, rented, resold, licensed or sublicenza, used to create derivative works, or in any way exploited without prior express written authorisation of the group or its owner, except as Groupon expressly stipulated by law applicable there.
You, however, be recovered and to display the contents of the site on the computer screen, store in an electronic format (but not the content on a server or other device storage linked to a network).
You can't play, edit, to copy, distribute, view, carried out or use for commercial purposes of materials, any information or content of the site without our permission.
If download, the copy, redistribution, transmission or publication of copyrighted material are permitted by law, you can not give yourself the paternity of equipment and / or you can't make change or cancellation of any allocation of paternity.
You recognize not acquire any ownership rights downloading copyrighted material.
All violations of these restrictions may result in a copyright violation of trademark or other intellectual property right or industrial exports which could sanctions calendar and / or criminal.
Also you can't do any use exceeds or infringing the provisions of this agreement.
11.3.
Groupon holds trademarks, registered and unregistered, in many countries and ", " the logos and Groupon Groupon the variations on the present trade marks are owned by Groupon, inc.
Entity or its related and any use of these trademarks will benefit Groupon. "
GROUPON " is a registered trademark in the following countries: algeria, antigua, saudi arabia, argentina, australia, bahamas, armenia, bahrain, belarus, brazil, canada, chile, colombia, south korea, costa rica, dominican republic, ecuador, egypt, united arab emirates, russian federation, philippines, france, germany, hong kong, india, indonesia, iceland, israel, jamaica, japan, jordan, lebanon, kenya, macedonia, morocco, mexico, Liechtenstain moldova, nigeria, norway, new zealand, O.a.p.i., panama, paraguay, peru, singapore, qatar, united states of america, south africa, switzerland, taiwan, thailand, tunisia, turkey, turkmenistan, ukraine, the european union, uruguay, venezuela and vietnam.
A non-exhaustive list of marks Groupon is available here.
11.4.
Ownership, property rights and the intellectual property rights or industrial relating to content accessible through the website and services are owned by its holder of content and can be protected by the laws on copyright, on copyright protection or other applicable law.
This agreement doesn't recognise you any rights in relation to these contents with the exception of licences granted in this document.
11.5.
Except content of user, the authors of literary and artistic works in the pages of the site claimed their right to be identified as the perpetrators of these works.
11.6.
Any material that you transmit or placed on the site (or by submitting or otherwise to us) will be considered (and we can treat it) and not as non-confidential your property, notwithstanding the application of section 3, our obligations under the legislation on the protection of personal data and sound data that you provide in order to make a payment.
If for some reason, any part of that statement does not work for reasons of law, then for what you give, from whatever source, (e.g.
Email site, or any other) we guarantee the case free forever irrevocable, to third parties, total allowable transferable, and the right not exclusive to copy, modify make translate, publish, distribute, state, and be anywhere in the world such materials, and in any form, average or technology, or developed in the future, note now and those rights through multiple levels of sublicenziare sublicenziatari, all without compensation toward you, in order to operate the site and provide services.
12.
General provisions
12.1.
Interpretation: in this agreement:
12.1.1.
Deadlines describing people include individuals, partnerships, limited liability companies and legal persons in general.
12.1.2.
The titles of sections which (" 12.
General provisions ' at the beginning of this section) and subtitles (such as " interpretation " at the beginning of this section 12.1).
Are present in order to facilitate the reference in this document and do not constitute an integral part or affect the interpretation of this agreement; and
1.25.
References to terms ' includes " and " including " respectively " includes / ono to show not be limited " and " included not be limited to. "
12.2.
Exclusion relations company / agency: nothing in this agreement may be interpreted so as to create a joint venture, a company or a agency-style relationship between the client and us and no party may take any obligation or liability in name or on behalf of the other party.
12.3.
Exclusion other conditions: except as explicitly defined in this agreement, all the guarantees, conditions and other terms provided for by law shall be excluded as much as permitted by the law itself.
12.4.
Transfer: you can't give or otherwise dispose of all or part of its rights stemming from this agreement.
Groupon will have the right to sell or provide for any third party of their rights or obligations arising from this agreement.
12.5.
Events beyond the reasonable control: it will not be responsible for the failure to respect Groupon obligations stemming from this agreement where this has happened because of that is outside of its reasonable control.
12.6.
Exclusion derogation: no tolerance by relating to any default of the client can Groupon be considered or interpreted as a renunciation of to assert their rights and Groupon remedies in relation to any future violation, whether it be similar or different nature.
No respite, or other form of behaviour that is kept by against tolerant of customer, it can be Groupon an abdication of to assert their rights and Groupon its nor can be assessed, however, remedies within the establishment of your responsibility for failure.
12.7.
Communications unless otherwise defined in this agreement, reporting to each party will be made in writing and hand-delivered, sent via email (except where the customer is not sending a notification under for a judicial procedure), by fax or by mail to the address client with prepaid provided by itself or at its statutory seat. Groupon
12.8.
No third party's right: the client recognises and accepts that is part of this agreement is international Groupon in that as an agent on behalf and for the benefit of the group, suppliers and content Groupon licensees (" the parties rights holders ') and that all rights and benefits of Groupon (but not all charges and international obligations) under or in connection with this agreement including those arising from allowances, contract, or any other illegal civil rights and benefits will be derivation, of each of the third party rights holders (as if each of be was part of this agreement).
These rights and benefits, under this agreement will be exercisable Groupon and / or as an agent for international that each of the third party rights holders.
12.9.
Survival: in any case, the provisions of sections 1, 3, 4, 7 ‎ ‎ ‎, 11, 12 and 13 ‎ ‎ of this agreement, as well as the ‎ provisions that are made to survive when it expires or dissolved or which by their nature or context, it is designed to survive the dissolution of the same, will be valid even after the dissolution of the agreement.
Where customer services or site again, use the provisions of the terms and conditions currently applicable re-use services or will govern site.
Where the customer uses purchased under this agreement, coupon provisions applicable to the dissolution of this agreement. they'll live coupon
12.10.
: Severability if any provision of this agreement is considered invalid, blank or ineffective, this measure must be deemed separate and, where possible, validity and applicability of the provisions of this agreement will be remaining hi.
12.11.
Law applicable: this contract (and all reports uncontracted between you and us) will be settled in accordance with irish law and interpreted.
13.
Definitions in this agreement, using various definitions user recognize as starting with capital letter.
This is what they mean:
" Account ' means your account Groupon.
' Responsibility ' means the responsibility for any cause a breach of contract (including the, the, the false statements, the illicit non-contractual repayment of amounts not due or any other cause) on or in connection with this agreement arising from or (including responsibility expressly provided for in this agreement or resulting from the disability or of any term of this agreement) inapplicability-and for the purposes of this definition, any reference to the " agreement ' will be interpreted include any contract side.
" Partner ' means a seller of products for which a coupon may be redeemed.
Partner is not one of the " vendors ' or '. ' international Groupon
" Site ' means websites, the mobile applications, electronic communications services, or the social media sites, or any single website, of a specific trading partner or a specific partner, or other specific sites of the city or other specific sites area containing a link or refer to these conditions of use.
" Register ' means creating an account on the and " registration ' means action to create an account.
" Services " means all or some services via the website (or through international Groupon other electronic communications-or otherwise-communications from) including mobile applications, Groupon international our newsletter, you email and information services, send the contents and the function on the (including the possibility to make a purchase).
" Coupon ' means a coupon that is sold by vendors and can be redeemed to obtain the products of a partner, except in the terms and conditions indicated on coupon and / or the same page on the site dedicated to purchase.
" Products ' means the goods and / or services which are described as part of a coupon (and where the coupon may be redeemed).
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Coupon GROUPON conditions of sale-italy s.r.l.
1.
General information
1.1 these sales conditions shall apply for each coupon that purchased from, acting in behalf Groupon trader.
1.2 Groupon means s.r.l., Groupon
A company formed under italian law, registered in italy and with its registered office in corso buenos aires 54, milan, italy.
Groupon 06964760968 is the game of vat.
1.3 coupon means an instrument, in physical form or electronic, allowing the owner of the coupon (the " owner ") to receive the offer of coupon dealer during the period to be decided by the trader on (the " period of coupon ransom ").
1.4 supply merchant means goods and / or services to be provided and / or paid by the retailer to the owner of coupon, as specified on the site and the coupon Groupon.
1.5 trader is not linked to a third party supplies and / or selling Groupon provides supply merchant and authorises to issue, sell and transmit the Groupon coupon in name and on behalf of the merchant.
The contract for the supply and purchase of supply of the trader will be concluded between you and the trader at which he was redeemed and in any case the coupon will conclude the contract on behalf of, Groupon and as an agent of the merchant.
Groupon does not sell, provide and / or delivers the offer by the trader.
It merely to issue, and sell the coupon in behalf convey the trader.
1.6 these conditions of sale were updated last 15.03.2019.
Groupon as agent of the trader, reserves the right to amend unilaterally and at any time these sales conditions.
All amendments to these conditions for the sale will be published online and made by banner included in newsletter. conoscibili
You bound only to the version of the conditions of sale which you agreed at the time of purchase of a coupon.
2.
Purchase of a coupon
2.1 coupon to buy must have a minimum 18.
Before we can make a purchase must and create an account with Groupon registrarvi. international limited
2.2 by clicking on the button " now buying " sent to, acting in behalf Groupon trader, a proposal to purchase the coupon.
But purchasing the coupon is not until an e-mail to receive improved, acting in behalf Groupon's premise, confirming acceptance of your proposal.
Groupon reserves expressly to accept your proposal.
Also Groupon if accepted your proposal, it can dissolve the contract at any time if there are justified suspicions that you committed or are about to commit any fraud to the detriment of a third affiliate Groupon Groupon or trader.
3.
Ransom a coupon
3.1 unless stated expressly differently.
(A) the coupon may be redeemed only once.
(B) the coupon may be redeemed only with the trader and not with Groupon;
(C) the coupon is valid for a single person; and
(D) must follow the instructions for the ransom associated with the coupon when the trader with coupon redeemed.
3.2 all coupon sold by that can be redeemed only coupon Groupon are with the trader.
3.3 to redeem a coupon must introduce him to within the period of trader ransom.
Unless repurchased the coupon within the period of ransom, the same expires automatically.
Then so can no longer be redeemed and you entitled to any reimbursement or compensation.
3.4 where the offer is a trader, " " offer direct Checkout your details of dispatch to collect Groupon time of purchase.
Groupon will then bring these details in merchant.
Trader launches the free and i will send the offer of coupon your trader.
3.5 unless stated expressly differently, the coupon shall not give entitlement to the owner of coupon to receive the offer of trader at a specific time.
It is highly recommended to contact the trader quickly.
Thus you greater opportunities to the offer of trader in your period assure you preferred.
Groupon bear in mind that can not influence the timing sale and / or the release of the offer of the merchant.
Where supply of trader delivery of a particular good expressly provide or the provision of a given service within a given event (e.g.
Christmas), and the delivery or performance does not occur in promised, you can get a refund.
3.6 repurchased if the coupon for goods and / or services other than offer dealer, you right to credit, a refund in cash or a new coupon for the difference between the value of supply of the trader and the present value of the goods and / or services provided to you and / or granted by the trader.
If, however, the trader gives you a good or service other than the supply of merchant, you can get behind on your part, a refund appropriate evidence.
3.7 the coupon may be in their entirety. redeemed only
Can not be redeemed in part or in stages.
If, for whatever reason, the coupon with a dealer for a repurchased value less than the value (not granted) of supply of the original! you have no right to credit dealer, a refund in cash or a new coupon for the difference between the original value (not granted) and the value redeemed.
3.8 mandated by may collect the registration fees Groupon dealer or other costs related to the purchase and / or the ransom a coupon.
All fees or costs (if applicable) there will be communicated before the acquisition of coupon.
3.9 if the seller is unable to provide and / or provide the offer of the merchant as described for unforeseen reasons, on behalf of the trader, i Groupon shall communicate as soon as possible by e-mail.
4.
Using a coupon
4.1 every purchase of a coupon is only for your personal use and non-commercial (even if you can give to another person for your coupon personal use and not trade.
4.2 are fully responsible for your coupon.
Or Groupon nor the loss or theft are for the trader to or for the recovery of coupon reference numbers or the security codes of the coupon.
4.3 you are committed not to provide false data, including names, addresses and / or contact details or payment distort or to commit any activity relating to the purchase or the illegal use of a coupon or to allow third parties to do so.
4.4 any attempt to redeem a coupon contrary to these conditions of sale may make, at the discretion of zero coupon. this Groupon
4.5 is prohibited playing a coupon.
4.6 is prohibited trade a coupon.
5.
Withdrawal and exceptions), reimbursements and problems
5.1 legally have the right to withdraw from your purchase of coupon not later than 14 calendar days from the day following the receipt of confirmation e-mail (the " period of cancellation of "). coupon
Repurchased if your coupon during the period of cancellation of coupon, ask expressly, acting in behalf Groupon of traders to begin to receive services and accepted losing the right to withdraw from the acquisition of coupon.
Once coupon is redeemed, your, in the name and on behalf of Groupon dealer, has completed the issue, sale and transmission of the coupon in full.
You see, to avoid any misunderstandings, that this chapter also applies to all offers direct. " " Checkout
5.2 if you want to withdraw from your purchase of a coupon, you can do it in the following ways:
5.2.1 by completing and returning the cancellation form online at the following page https: / / / / / img _ mail static.groupon.it global forms / en _ vouchers _ cancellation _ Form.pdf
5.2.2 contattandoci at http: / / www.groupon.it / contact
5.2.3 calling the team of customer care to telephone number: 02 (costs will vary according to its 94754424 tariff scheme).
5.3 recedete if from your purchase of coupon under this chapter 5, you will all payments made for Groupon your purchase by no later than 14 calendar days starting from the day of your withdrawal. informed Groupon
5.4 if you haven't had a chance to redeem your coupon with the trader before expiry of the period for reasons not attributable to you surrender, you can get a refund.
For this purpose, must demonstrate to the satisfaction of, that your inability to redeem Groupon the coupon is not due to you.
5.5 repurchased if your coupon but the there provided as merchant trader or the offer of duty if you have a complaint about the provision of supply of the trader must directly with the trader. attivarvi
Because trader and not is responsible for providing and / Groupon or payment of the supply of trader.
Groupon it sells and provide the coupon, working and on behalf of the trader.
But if you and the trader failed to agree on how to solve the problem, acting in behalf Groupon of trader may, at your request, to try to resolve the dispute.
5.6 if the seller requires the payment of additional costs for the provision of supply of trader and are able to demonstrate this fact, you can get a refund.
5.7 reimbursement cash will be done via the original method of payment adopted.
If your original method of payment was cancelled, has expired or was otherwise as, you must inform the team of customer care at the following page http: / / contactus.groupon.it. if such communication and omit / you were reimbursed in accordance with your original method of payment, it may be necessary contact your bank or your manager payments to obtain your reimbursement.
Groupon made only a refund.
5.8 have 30 days from receipt of reimbursement to refuse.
Unless refused reimbursement during these 30 days, the reimbursement is the full and final clearance of any claim that you could make towards, derived from or related to Groupon related to this coupon.
6.
Responsibility for the supply of trader
6.1 please bear in mind that the trader, and is not,: Groupon
6.1.1 seller, the supplier and / or the provider of the offer of the merchant.
6.1.2 part that enters into a contract with the owner of the coupon; and when the coupon is redeemed
6.1.3 responsible for the supply to the owner of supply of coupon trader.
7.
Standards Groupon for services and responsibility
7.1 Groupon as agent of the trader, ensures that:
7.1.1 will reasonable care and diligence in fulfil their obligations pursuant to these conditions of sale;
Coupon 7.1.2 the quality are satisfactory and fit for purpose; and
7.1.3 does not conflict with the requirements of professional diligence correctness or in carrying out its activities.
7.2 Groupon always say to: (a) death and damage staff due directly to the neglect of Groupon; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation to put in place; or (same Groupon (c) any contractual condition implied that can not be excluded or limited under the legislation applicable.
7.3 prejudice in chapter 7.2 above, is not responsible for any other Groupon loss or any other damage that might suffer, including any indirect or loss as a result.
7.4 Groupon declines responsibility for the violation of any of these conditions of sale where obligations stemming itself has not been able to meet these Groupon obligations for reasons outside the scope of its reasonable control.
8.
Site Groupon
Site Groupon (the " site ") means the website on the internet, mobile applications, communications or electronic services or any location from which you can buy a coupon of Groupon.
Site on which markets the coupon belongs to Groupon Groupon international limited.
Find further information on the conditions of use of the site, which is specifically part of these conditions of sale, here https: / / www.groupon.it / legal / termsofservice.
9.
Miscellaneous
9.1 infringed if these conditions of sale and has not undertaken any action Groupon against you, this does not mean Groupon gave up assert their rights and their actions.
9.2 unless stated otherwise in these conditions of sale, communications with the parties must be made in writing and must be sent by electronic mail (unless they are sent for the purpose of service of procedural documents) or by post prepaid.
Any communication that there will be at the address you give will send Groupon during the recording of your account Groupon.
You send any communication to address referred to in chapter 1.2 Groupon.
9.3 available if any of these conditions of sale should be declared invalid or not effective, the validity and effectiveness of the remaining provisions of this agreement will not be affected.
Invalidate this provision will be replaced by a provision or ineffective valid and effective as effective as possible to the economic under available considered ineffective. or invalid
9.4 these conditions of sale are regulated under italian law and interpreted, apart from the application of any law conflict or the choice made by the parties, where appropriate,.
Disputes will be subject to the exclusive competence of the court of your place of residence or domicile.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sales conditions-goods global gmbh Groupon
This page lays down the conditions of sale of goods by Groupon you. goods
1.
Contract and information about the procedure order
1.1.
Parties of this contract: these conditions of sale (" conditions of sale ") constitute an agreement between you, the client (hereinafter referred to as " you " or " your ") and global gmbh (hereinafter Groupon goods (" goods, " " we " or Groupon " our ").
We companies registered in switzerland (number rea) headquartered in Che-497.202.638 c / o ag, 3 Oberstadt Wadsack schaffhausen, switzerland, p. vat It08317410960 8200 Schaffausen.
1.2.
These sales conditions shall apply: if carried out an order with us, to be bound by these conditions accepted sales and by our policy of made.
1.3.
Your offer: if click on " button ", made an offer to buy now purchasing products sold by the " goods ') goods (Groupon.
If click on " buys ', if now recognize explicitly accept your order, you are obliged to pay for goods.
You must have turned 18 for buying goods.
1.4.
A copy of these conditions of sale: there to keep a copy of this contract should between us (these conditions of sale) and of those conditions of sale, we suggest you print as a reference document.
1.5.
Your rights bill: as a consumer, nothing of these sales conditions affect your rights laid down by law relating to defective goods or goods not in conformity or on your right to withdraw from the contract.
1.6.
Updates these conditions of sale: these conditions of sale were updated last (version). the 27.06.2017 004b
We reserve the right to amend these conditions of sale at any time (these changes will be published online).
Any change made to these conditions sales after the transmission from your of your order, will not apply to you in relation to this order.
2.
Prices and purchase
2.1.
Prices and who paid: we accept and develop your payment for your order.
All prices (including postage) for goods include the vat applicable.
Prices there are communicated before your purchase and the confirmation of the order.
Our prices may change at any time, but the changes do not apply to your order already concluded, except in the cases described below clauses 2.4 and 2.5.
2.2.
Postage prices may include or do not understand the postage.
Any expenditure under this section shall be indicated on supply.
If shipment costs are not included in the sales price (and this will be appropriately and clearly indicated), these costs are given separately and added to the total amount before fulfil your order.
Program delivery if we wonder at a given time and you won't be available at the time agreed, we could costs for delivery. reschedule them
2.3.
Make your order: after carrying out your order by clicking on the button " now " and accepting these purchases sales conditions, the contract will be included when you have received an e-mail perfected a confirmation of our acceptance of your order.
However, we reserve the right to refuse your offer, not to conclude a contract with you.
If we accepted your order, you will receive another e-mail confirming the shipment of goods.
Please bear in mind that, if we believe that your order is reasonably fraudulent or you violated in another way, the legislation applicable at the time of order, we reserve the right to cancel your order, even if you have accepted.
2.4.
Errors and omissions may occasionally occur: an error or an omission in relation to prices or to the description of the goods sold.
Make every reasonable effort to correct any error or omission as soon as possible after being warned or be heard.
We reserve the right to change, vary, replace, suspend or remove unannounced any error or omission with regard to goods for sale (including the goods themselves).
2.5.
Errors and omissions post: purchase where we make a mistake or an omission, and you have already purchased the goods:
(A) if the current price for goods is less than that indicated at the time of your purchase of the goods, there we implement the lower price; or
(B) if the price of goods is greater than that indicated, there and there to choose between paying you allow the fair price (more) or cancel your order and receive a rebate full.
3.
Delivery of goods
3.1.
Change your order: once you have made your order, we are not able to change in any way your order, including the quantity of goods or the delivery address.
This clause does not affect the exercise of the right of withdrawal or on any other law that you may have in respect of purchases.
3.2.
Shipment: options expedition goods vary according to the tender. Groupon
Your purchase can not be sent out by italy.
3.3.
Forecasts delivery: times are given under section planned delivery of supply.
Will seek to respect the date indicated for delivery.
Please bear in mind that unless otherwise stated, times are only estimates; are not provided for delivery, therefore, delivery times guaranteed and should not be considered as such.
Where expressly guaranteed the date of delivery or expressly guaranteed the use and therefore the delivery of the goods by the occurrence of some event (e.g. christmas), this is not our respected for delivery done to us you will be entitled to reimbursement of attributable price.
3.4.
Title: ownership of goods will be transferred when the goods have been delivered to the address delivery you press.
4.
Withdrawal
4.1.
Your right of withdrawal: nothing of these sales conditions affect your right to withdraw from the orders within 14 calendar days from the day on which you, or a third party that you described, receive the goods.
If you have to goods with a single order, or if the delivery of goods shall consist in several pieces, your the withdrawal period shall run from receipt of the last article or piece.
4.2.
If you want to withdraw from your order, you can do it in the following ways:
(A) by completing and returning our standard form of withdrawal, made available to you through the confirmation e-mail;
Contattandoci (b) via https: / / / customer support; _ www.groupon.it
(C) mail address to the clause 1.1;
(D) through communication delivered to hand.
4.3.
You must pay attention in order to ensure a suitable packaging of goods in order to prevent their damage during transport.
Expenditure for the return of goods are payable by you.
We suggest you use a shipping unit when goods returned path.
4.4 repayment shall be made by the transfer of debit on the price paid within 14 days from the date of receipt of the product (or, where applicable, the date on which we provided the proof of dispatch of the product).
4.5.
The following goods are excluded from the right:
(A) perishable goods which food or flowers.
(B) records audio / video; or dvd you removed from the computer software in which there were sealed package delivered;
(C) goods carried out on your specific;
(D) periodic or journals;
(S) or gambling, lotteries
(F) all other goods which by their nature may not be surrendered, including those who would suffer during transport.
4.6.
Refund goods: please bear in mind that if exercise your right of withdrawal from your purchase, you must give us back the goods not later than 14 calendar days from the exercise of such withdrawal.
4.7.
Can cancel: we may have to cancel an order before the delivery of goods as a result of an event outside our reasonable control, including a breakdown in equipment or transport difficulties.
If that happens, you'll be promptly contacted promptly.
5.
Made and reimbursements
5.1.
Our policy of made: each item sell is covered by our policy of made.
Beyond right to return goods within 14 calendar days from the day on which you, or a third of you receive goods, are indicated, holder of, any security rights applicable, including the guarantees for goods non-compliant or defective.
5.2.
Title on returned goods: take the title on returned goods only when they are arrived at our destination made.
We reserve the right should pay without requiring the refund.
In the latter case, did not take the title on such goods.
5.3.
Problems with your goods made: we reserve the right to refuse redemption and the costs of shipment of your made richiedervi if it turns out (s) that the goods have been damaged after delivery to your address; (ii) that the goods have been misused or not in accordance with instructions or for purposes of inspection; or (iii) if the problem with the goods is due to normal wear.
This clause 5.3 shall not restrict the, or affects, your right to withdraw from your contract and of returning the goods under clause 4, or on your rights guarantee if goods are incorrect or defective. fornitevi
6.
Information about the goods
6.1.
We producers: we are not the producer of the goods sold.
Although we are committed to ensuring that goods correspond to the description, whether we gave satisfactory quality and are likely to use, goods may vary slightly from this product information.
Before use, we suggest you read all available information on labels, together with all the warnings and indications accompanying the goods.
Any assurance by us, by the producer or importer has no influence on the rights and legal action that could exercise under this contract and the applicable law.
6.2.
Description precision: we have done everything possible to make as accurately as colors and other details of the goods.
But colors and the details that you see in advertising depend on appliances used to view the goods.
We can not ensure that displaying the individual colors or on your television, details on your mobile device, on your screen on the computer or on another device corresponds exactly to the colour or the details of the goods on delivery.
6.3.
Goods for the treatment of health and safety, for goods useful to health care, in case of doubt on the safety or on any other information regarding the product, we recommend that you carefully read the information supplied with the product or contact the manufacturer.
Content on websites not intended to replace the present advice given by a doctor, pharmacist or other health professional enabled.
Customers should immediately contact their doctor if they suspect of having a health problem.
Information and explanations on goods are not designed to diagnose, treat, treating or preventing diseases or misleading condition.
Decliniamo responsibility for any inaccuracies and exposures on goods producers or incorrect related third parties.
7.
Responsibility
7.1.
Standards according to which we are: we try to do the best ever for what we do and ensure that:
Reasonable care and skill (a) will satisfy all pressure from the present in terms of the sale.
(B) have the right to sell the goods;
(C) sell goods only for the household and private;
(D) the goods are standard of quality and fit for their intended purpose;
Contravveniamo (c) requirements or professional diligence in the performance of correctness our work.
7.2.
This clause 7 prevails over all other clauses (except on 1.5) and on the whole clause our responsibility.
7.3.
Are responsible for: nothing of these conditions of sale or will exclude our responsibility for (i) fraud; (ii) gross negligence, excluding not attributable to us or serious misconduct; (iii) any responsibility that can not be excluded or limited by the applicable legislation.
You have to take the appropriate measures to prevent and reduce damage.
7.4.
Categories loss for which we are not responsible: despite the clause 7.3, since only goods intended for domestic use and sell private, in principle we are not responsible for: (a) loss of revenue or income; (b) loss of earnings or envisaged; (c) loss of business; and (d) or indirect loss to avoid doubt, resulting (and the words " loss " mean " we resulting losses from that they are predictable, notes and other specified.
7.5. "
Responsibility ': means any cause or responsibilities (including any breach of contract, tort, false declaration compensation or any other cause legal) on or arising from or in connection with these conditions of sale (including the responsibility under these conditions provided expressly sale or resulting from cause of disability or ineffectiveness of these conditions of sale).
8.
General provisions
8.1.
Interpretation: in these conditions of sale:
(A) the words that are people, including natural persons, partnerships, limited liability companies, legal persons and associations of persons without legal personality;
(B) securities (' 8. " which clauses
General provisions ' at the beginning of this clause) and securities (such as " interpretation: " the provisions of this clause 8.1) are beginning aimed at facilitating the references and do not form part or affect the interpretation of these conditions of sale;
(C) references to " including " and " understanding " must also be considered as mean respectively ' includes (s) without limitation " and " including without limitation.
8.2.
No partnerships / agency: nothing of these conditions of sale may be interpreted as a joint venture, a constituent partnerships or a agency-style relationship between us and you and no party may take responsibility, debt or cost, or enter into any contract in the name or on behalf of the other.
8.3.
Transfer: you can not assign or otherwise all or part of your transfer rights or obligations laid down in these conditions of sale without our prior written approval.
Not reject this approval without good reason.
Have the right to or otherwise transfer all or part of our rights or obligations laid down in these conditions of sale to any person.
8.4.
Events beyond our reasonable control: we will not be responsible for violations of our obligations under these conditions of sale were prevented or where obstacles to compliance with the same requirements from any cause beyond our reasonable control.
Where an event occurring outside our reasonable control that our ability to affect comply with our obligations under these conditions of sale, the same obligations will be extended for the duration of the event and we shall tell this as soon as possible.
Impeditivo passed when the event will be with you will agree a new date of delivery of your goods, where possible.
8.5.
Our fitness: we want to apply the framework sale of the goods for you only the conditions laid down in these conditions of sale and no other statement made elsewhere.
8.6.
No surrender: no on our part to any violation tolerance on your part of these conditions for the sale will be or may be interpreted as a renunciation on our part to enforce any future and similar or different violation
No delay on our part in taking legal initiatives concerning the will or may exempt your violation in another way, affect your responsibility under these conditions of sale.
8.7.
Communications unless stated otherwise in these conditions of sale, communications with the parties must be made in writing and must be sent by electronic mail (unless it is a good communication for the purposes of service of procedural documents) or by post prepaid you at we have received and we to our headquarters.
8.8.
No third party's right: all the provisions of these conditions of sale apply equally and benefit of (his) and goods Groupon (s) and its subsidiary (s) / supplier third third of its suppliers and its contents and everyone will have the right to exercise licensees and enforce those provisions directly.
Notwithstanding the above, no condition of these conditions of sale can be otherwise applied by any person who is not a part of it.
8.9.
Survival in any event, the provisions of clauses 1, 2, 4, 7 and 8 of these conditions of sale, along with those provisions that are mentioned as times to survive the expiry or termination of the agreement or which by their nature or their context are designed to survive this resolution, the termination of the agreement might survive.
8.10.
Severability if any provision of these conditions of sale should be deemed illegal, invalidate or ineffective, this provision will be removed from the present conditions of sale without affecting the remaining provisions of these conditions of sale.
Where possible, the validity and effectiveness of the remaining provisions of these conditions for the sale will not be affected.
8.11.
Applicable law and dispute resolution: we will endeavour to resolve any dispute resulting from these sales conditions.
If you want to take legal action against us, these conditions of sale (and all relations uncontracted between you and us) will be governed according to the italian legislation and interpreted, and both sides with this agreement are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in italy where you have your residence or your home.
The parties also agree that the united nations convention on the international sale of goods is not applied in this agreement.
9.
Customer care
Contact information
02 947 telephone: 54 424
Contattaci: https: / / www.groupon.it / customer _ support
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sales conditions coupon-international travel Groupon gmbh
1.
General information
1.1 these sales conditions shall apply for each coupon that purchased from international travel Groupon gmbh.
1.2 Groupon means international travel gmbh, a company formed Groupon according to the swiss law with its registered office in c / o ag, 3 8200 Wadsack schaffhausen Oberstadt schaffhausen, switzerland (rea). number Che-180.110.104
The vat society is vat. Che-349.386.564
1.3 coupon means an instrument, in physical form or electronic, allowing the owner of the coupon (the " owner ") to receive the offer of coupon dealer during the period to be decided by the trader on (the " period of coupon ransom ").
1.4 supply merchant means goods and / or services to be provided and / or paid by the retailer to the owner of coupon, as specified on the site and the coupon Groupon.
1.5 trader is not linked to a third party supplies and / or selling Groupon provides the offer by the trader.
Groupon does not sell, provide and / or delivers the offer by the trader.
It it sells and provide the coupon.
1.6 these conditions of sale were updated last 27.06.2017.
Groupon reserves the right to amend unilaterally and at any time these sales conditions.
All amendments to these conditions for the sale will be published online and made by banner included in newsletter. conoscibili
You bound only to the version of the conditions of sale which you agreed at the time of purchase of a coupon.
2.
Purchase of a coupon
2.1 coupon to buy must have a minimum 18.
Before we can make a purchase must and create an account with Groupon registrarvi. international limited
2.2 by clicking on the button " now buying " sent to a proposed acquisition of coupon Groupon.
But purchasing the coupon is not until an e-mail to receive improved confirming acceptance of your proposal Groupon.
Groupon reserves expressly to accept your proposal.
Also Groupon if accepted your proposal, it can dissolve the contract at any time if there are justified suspicions that you committed or are about to commit any fraud to the detriment of a third affiliate Groupon Groupon or trader.
2.3 trader may apply its terms and conditions of sale, supply and / or delivery of supply of the trader.
3.
Ransom a coupon
3.1 unless stated expressly differently.
(A) the coupon may be redeemed only once.
(B) the coupon may be redeemed only with the trader and not with Groupon;
(C) the coupon is valid for a single person; and
(D) must follow the instructions for the ransom associated with the coupon when the trader with coupon redeemed.
3.2 all coupon sold by that can be redeemed only coupon Groupon are with the trader.
3.3 to redeem a coupon must introduce him to within the period of trader ransom.
Unless repurchased the coupon within the period of ransom, the same expires automatically.
Then so can no longer be redeemed and you entitled to any reimbursement or compensation.
3.4 where the offer is a trader, " " offer direct Checkout your details of dispatch to collect Groupon time of purchase.
Groupon will then bring these details in dealer on your behalf.
Trader launches the free and i will send the offer of coupon your trader.
3.5 unless stated expressly differently, the coupon shall not give entitlement to the owner of coupon to receive the offer of trader at a specific time.
It is highly recommended to contact the trader quickly.
Thus you greater opportunities to the offer of trader in your period assure you preferred.
Groupon bear in mind that can not influence the sale and / or the provision of supply of the trader.
Where supply of trader delivery of a particular good expressly provide or the provision of a given service within a given event (e.g.
Christmas), and the delivery or performance does not occur in promised, you can get a refund.
3.6 repurchased if the coupon for goods and / or services other than offer dealer, you right to credit, a refund in cash or a new coupon for the difference between the value of supply of the trader and the present value of the goods and / or services provided to you and / or granted by the trader.
If, however, the trader gives you a good or service other than the supply of merchant, you can get behind on your part, a refund appropriate evidence.
3.7 the coupon may be in their entirety. redeemed only
Can not be redeemed in part or in stages.
If, for whatever reason, the coupon with a dealer for a repurchased value less than the value (not granted) of supply of the original! you have no right to credit dealer, a refund in cash or a new coupon for the difference between the original value (not granted) and the value redeemed.
3.8 mandated by may collect the registration fees Groupon dealer or other costs related to the purchase and / or the ransom a coupon.
All fees or costs (if applicable) there will be communicated before the acquisition of coupon.
3.9 if the seller is unable to provide and / or provide the offer of the merchant as described for unforeseen reasons, i will communicate as soon as possible for Groupon e-mail.
Groupon will propose or a new coupon for similar services or equal (if available) or the repayment of the purchase price of coupon.
4.
Using a coupon
4.1 every purchase of a coupon is only for your personal use and non-commercial (even if you can give to another person for your coupon personal use and not trade.
4.2 are fully responsible for your coupon.
Or Groupon nor the loss or theft are for the trader to or for the recovery of coupon reference numbers or the security codes of the coupon.
4.3 you are committed not to provide false data, including names, addresses and / or contact details or payment distort or to commit any activity relating to the purchase or the illegal use of a coupon or to allow third parties to do so.
4.4 any attempt to redeem a coupon contrary to these conditions of sale may make, at the discretion of zero coupon. this Groupon
4.5 is prohibited playing a coupon.
4.6 is prohibited trade a coupon.
5.
Withdrawal and exceptions), reimbursements and problems
5.1 legally have the right to withdraw from your purchase of coupon not later than 14 calendar days from the day following the receipt of confirmation e-mail (the " period of cancellation of "). coupon
Repurchased if your coupon during the period of cancellation of coupon ask expressly receive the services and the right of withdrawal accepted losing from buying the coupon.
You see, to avoid any misunderstandings, that this chapter also applies to all offers direct. " " Checkout
5.2 if you want to withdraw from your purchase of a coupon, you can do it in the following ways:
5.2.1 by completing and returning the cancellation form online to page http: / / contattaci.groupon.it /;
5.2.2 calling the team of customer care to telephone number: 02 (costs will vary according to its 94754424 tariff scheme);
5.2.3 scrivendoci at mentioned in chapter 1.2.
5.3 recedete if from your purchase of coupon under this chapter 5, you will all payments made for Groupon your purchase by no later than 14 calendar days starting from the day of your withdrawal. informed Groupon
5.4 if you haven't had a chance to redeem your coupon with the trader before expiry of the period for reasons not attributable to you surrender, you can get a refund.
For this purpose, must demonstrate to the satisfaction of, that your inability to redeem Groupon the coupon is not due to you.
5.5 repurchased if your coupon but the there provided as merchant trader or the offer of duty if you have a complaint about the provision of supply of the trader must directly with the trader. attivarvi
Because trader and not is responsible for providing and / Groupon or payment of the supply of trader.
Groupon it sells and provide the coupon.
However, if you and the trader failed to agree on how to solve the problem, can, at your request, try Groupon to resolve the issues between you and the trader.
5.6 if the seller requires the payment of additional costs for the provision of supply of trader and are able to demonstrate this fact, you can get a refund.
5.7 reimbursement cash will be done via the original method of payment adopted.
If your original method of payment was cancelled, has expired or was otherwise as, you must inform the team of customer care to page http: / / contattaci.groupon.it if such communication and you were / omit reimbursed in accordance with your original method of payment, it may be necessary contact your bank or your manager payments to obtain your reimbursement.
Groupon made only a refund.
5.8 have 30 days from receipt of reimbursement to refuse.
Unless refused reimbursement during these 30 days, the reimbursement is the full and final clearance of any claim that you could make towards, derived from or related to Groupon related to this coupon.
6.
Responsibility for the supply of trader
6.1 please bear in mind that the trader, and is not,: Groupon
6.1.1 seller, the supplier and / or the provider of the offer of the merchant.
6.1.2 part that enters into a contract with the owner of the coupon; and when the coupon is redeemed
6.1.3 responsible for the supply to the owner of supply of coupon trader.
7.
Standards Groupon for services and responsibility
7.1 Groupon ensures that:
7.1.1 will reasonable care and diligence in fulfil their obligations pursuant to these conditions of sale;
Coupon 7.1.2 the quality are satisfactory and fit for purpose; and
7.1.3 does not conflict with the requirements of professional diligence correctness or in carrying out its activities.
7.2 Groupon always say to: (a) death and damage staff due directly to the neglect of Groupon; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation to put in place; or (same Groupon (c) any contractual condition implied that can not be excluded or limited under the legislation applicable.
7.3 prejudice in chapter 7.2 above, is not responsible for any other Groupon loss or any other damage that might suffer, including any indirect or loss as a result.
7.4 Groupon declines responsibility for the violation of any of these conditions of sale where obligations stemming itself has not been able to meet these Groupon obligations for reasons outside the scope of its reasonable control.
8.
Site Groupon
Site Groupon (the " site ") means the website on the internet, mobile applications, communications or electronic services or any location from which you can buy a coupon of Groupon.
Site on which markets the coupon belongs to Groupon Groupon international limited.
Find further information on the conditions of use of the site, which is specifically part of these conditions of sale, here _ and _ conditions / / www.groupon.it terms tou112015.
9.
Miscellaneous
9.1 infringed if these conditions of sale and has not undertaken any action Groupon against you, this does not mean Groupon gave up assert their rights and their actions.
9.2 unless stated otherwise in these conditions of sale, communications with the parties must be made in writing and must be sent by electronic mail (unless they are sent for the purpose of service of procedural documents) or by post prepaid.
Any communication that there will be at the address you give will send Groupon during the recording of your account Groupon.
You send any communication to address referred to in chapter 1.2 Groupon.
9.3 available if any of these conditions of sale should be declared invalid or not effective, the validity and effectiveness of the remaining provisions of this agreement will not be affected.
Invalidate this provision will be replaced by a provision or ineffective valid and effective as effective as possible to the economic under available considered ineffective. or invalid
9.4 these conditions of sale are regulated under italian law and interpreted, apart from the application of any law conflict or the choice made by the parties, where appropriate,.
Disputes will be subject to the exclusive competence of the court of your place of residence or domicile.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Conditions reservation
This document sets out the terms and conditions for the use of reservation services gmbh (" the international travel Groupon sales conditions.
You can't use services (including the establishment of a reservation or a purchase), without these conditions of sale. to
Note that these conditions of sale will not be implemented for the purchase on the market of any article other than, as these housing conditions of sale purchases are governed by the applicable.
1 basic information relating to these conditions sales
1.1 Groupon international travel gmbh: international travel gmbh is a company Groupon swiss law with number incorporated in Che-180.110.104 c / o ag, 3 Oberstadt Wadsack schaffhausen, switzerland (which is schaffhausen 8200 referred to as ", " " we, " Groupon travel " us " or " our ").
The vat society is vat. Che-349.386.564
1.2.
Groupon travel and suppliers: for each reservation and any subsequent act as agent for the new purchases, supplier.
Housing described on site does not constitute an offer by international Groupon our to sell, but it is an invitation to similar accommodation user to propose an offer to our suppliers.
We are free to accept or reject this bid for the account of those suppliers.
This means that the contract for the accommodation is between the user and the supplier.
The supplier (or, where appropriate, the contractor supplier) is legally responsible for providing accommodation to the user.
As agent, are not in any case legally responsible for the provision of accommodation to the user.
Pursue this below.
1.3 what are the conditions of sale?
Please read carefully these conditions of sale as will apply to the use of services, booking, purchases and housing (or other) on your part (hereinafter " user ").
We will not allow to make any reservation or purchase if the user does not confirm have read and accepted these sales conditions.
Suppliers apply their terms and conditions governing their booking of the user and its subsequent purchase.
These sales conditions are subject to any terms and conditions of suppliers involved and, at the time of the user to make a reservation and to make the subsequent purchase, undertakes to comply with such terms and conditions.
Where there is a conflict between the present conditions of sale and any terms and conditions, the latter will present on supplier sales conditions relating to part of any conflict.
1.4.il Groupon site: our international international limited in ireland (" related Groupon international ") manages the websites Groupon and furniture and services newsletter where housing advertise high reservations.
Consulted the terms of use of international here. Groupon
Groupon travel is one of the sellers operating on site Groupon international.
If user interacts, in any way, with the site, probably references to international Groupon displays several companies belonging to the group " group '). (Groupon Groupon
According to that which is acquired from the site of international user probably Groupon will be subject to several contracts with several companies within the group. Groupon
These sales conditions apply only in relation to the use of our services.
For further information on the various legal relations to which the user may be subject when accessing the Sitodi, see the faq Groupon Groupon international here. "
1.5 practices privacy: when the user makes a reservation or purchase by travel, allows us to collect, Groupon develop their information as described in eutilizzare our privacy policy.
1.6.
These sales conditions: when the user using our services (including the establishment of a reservation or a purchase) automatically accept these conditions of sale.
Sending, for our part, an e-mail confirmation of the booking from place to a contract between the user and we ruled by these sales conditions.
1.7.
Legal rights of user: as consumers, there is nothing in these conditions of sale affect the rights of legal user.
In particular, the user can always use all applicable fees provided for in legislative decree (" consumer ") code 206/2005 and by legislative decree (" code ") tourism 79/2011.
1.8.
Updates to these conditions of sale, the most recent update of these conditions of sale took place on 27.06.2017.
Groupon reserves the right to amend these conditions of sale at any time (and published online this change).
Any modifications to the present conditions of sale user made after received confirmation of the booking via e-mail will not be applicable to the user in relation to this reservation and the subsequent purchase on this reservation.
1.9.
Definitions: in these conditions for the sale will be used various specific terms.
User recognise them easily because they are covered by capital letter.
These specific terms are defined in all these conditions of sale, as well as in clause 12.
2.
Bonds user under these conditions of sale
2.1.
Minimum age: may ordering or purchases of age and only persons over 18 years.
Making or purchase a reservation user confirmation of his or her age at or above the 18 years.
2.2 accuracy of the information and communications: user recognises and accepts that travel and any provider reserves the Groupon right to cancel the purchase at any time to failure by the user of any relevant information about yourself or persons for which is carried out in accordance with the present booking sales conditions.
User shall ensure that:
2.2.1 all information from the user arising or in conjunction with these conditions of sale are true, complete and accurate;
2.2.2 user will promptly of any changes on the accuracy of the information;
2.2.3 user recognises and accepts its responsibility to disclose facts of yourself and the persons for whom booking that could affect their (or their) can travel, such as criminal offences and destinations to which is the previous deportations travelling.
2.2.4 if the user or the people booking will be visiting with a jurisdiction (including the united states), which requires a statement from the record and the user or the persons for whom booking have criminal records, including violations of the rules of the road user should declare such prior to time of reservation; and
2.2.5 user (and persons on whose behalf he made the reservation) is aware of all the rules relating to the entry into a territory or in a country towards which goes, including any limitations and requirements concerning the passport (e.g. passport or the empty pages); its validity the user hasn't any previous criminal that prevents him from travel in that country or territory; and user meets the visa requirements, vaccination, administrative and health.
Groupon travel will not be responsible if the user are being denied entry to the territory or the country where it is accommodation for not having given one of the circumstances mentioned above.
Furthermore, where the user is denied entry, will not be entitled to any compensation.
2.3 reservation for hire or reward: if the user makes a reservation for other people, user claims to be authorised to carry out this reservation on behalf of these individuals and that all the members of the reservation (or their personal representatives) agreed to be bound by the present sales conditions.
2.4 behavior: during the use of housing, user undertakes not to engage in behaviour which can cause discomfort or the risk of suffering, generate against others danger and / or cause damage to property.
If, in the time of departure to the return, user (or persons for which has made the reservation) is arrested or the is prevented from travelling at the discretion of a supplier, or if the user is absent from accommodation, always at the discretion of a supplier, not on behalf of the supplier, no pay back part of the amount purchase housing of which the user could not use following their behavior (or the behaviour of those for which it made the reservation.
User agrees to keep free of any loss or damage, responsibility, we supported resulting from any claims costs or legal proceedings initiated or threatened to us by any person or arising in connection with the behaviour of the user (or the behaviour of individuals for which has carried out booking) under these conditions of sale.
2.5.
Fraud: if we or a supplier are informed or become aware of any fraud or illegal activities related to payment for real suspect or a reservation or a purchase, we reserve the right to our sole discretion to cancel your reservation or purchase with immediate effect and without repay the user.
Cancellation this right will apply without prejudice to any law that we have towards the user.
3.
Reservation housing
3.1.
To make a reservation: based on the availability, it is possible to online booking through the site. international Groupon
For ordering you have to select housing you want to buy, the type of house and dates travel, click " book, " enter your e-mail address and other information necessary to enable the user access to his account or to create an account, accept these conditions booking and click the " complete order. "
Once completed these steps user shows a page on the site of acknowledging booking Groupon international.
3.2.
Acceptance booking: we reserve the right to determine, at our sole discretion, whether to accept a reservation of the user.
Booking not assumed to have accepted until we be user has not received confirmation that the reservation has been accepted.
Where booking, we were to refuse the announce user without charge any costs.
Reservation if we accept the user a confirmation of the booking send e-mail to confirm the accommodation.
Is at this point-with the deployment of our e-mail confirmation of the booking-that we accept the reservation and is concluded the contract between the user and us.
Following addebiteremo their amount.
3.3 control of confirmation of the booking: it is important that the user check the information contained in email confirmation reservation at a time when it is received.
A discrepancy between the reservation and the confirmation e-mail booking or if it receives the confirmation e-mail the reservation within 24 hours after the reservation, the user can contact us immediately to 02 or via e-mail to the address 947 54 424 https: / / www.groupon.it / _ support customer. @ assistenza.clienti groupon.com
3.4.
User contract for the provision of accommodation: please note that the part legally responsible for the provision of accommodation to the consumer is the supplier (although we are those responsible for the above in these conditions of sale).
We as agent, are not legally responsible for the provision of accommodation in user, which will be supplied to him by a supplier under contract between the latter and the user.
User accepts and recognises that making the reservation, the actual delivery your quarters (which is not under those conditions of sale) will be under the terms and conditions of a supplier.
4.
Price
4.1.
Who pays: all payments made by the user for housing, which we shall drawn, on behalf of the supplier, shortly after confirmed acceptance of reservation by sending an e-mail confirmatory (as above).
4.2.
Final price: we reserve the right to change prices of any housing before the reservation.
User will be informed of any prior to the current price accommodation reservation.
This price may be different than the price by user on the site of Groupon displayed originally international.
4.3.
Errors price: in certain circumstances could a mistake that could exacerbate Groupon in price list at the time of reservation by the user.
If we make the mistake (whether of human error, technical or other), we reserve the right to offer the user the possibility of making a new reservation at or receive a fair price full reimbursement.
4.4 taxes: in some countries could be provided for taxes, duties, fees, assessments or any other charges (overall ' taxes ') levied by local authorities.
Before user make a reservation, the taxes applicable shall be indicated in clauses or some at the same site Groupon international. section
Please note that the user will be the one and only liable to pay these taxes.
4.5.
Additional services. it shall inform the user that during and during the use of accommodation, you may have a chance to buy additional services.
These additional services may include meals and at the hotel, etc. (connection additional services '). "
Where user does not buy these additional services from us every service the exclusive responsibility of the user and additional will be the responsibility of the provision of such additional services will be provider of such services additional (including any supplier third).
Groupon travel assumes no responsibility on the provision, implementation, or someone else, of any satisfaction extra service.
4.6.
Repricing housing after the reservation: without prejudice to clause 5 travel will not change the price of housing Groupon after sending an email of the user confirmation of the booking.
4.7.
Redemptions: if the user should receive a rebate (full or partial), will be reimbursed through the method of payment originates.
Where user receives a refund, will have 30 days from the date of its receipt of reject it.
User won't that reimbursement during this period, it will remain liquidation full and definitive any claim that the user may have against travel, resulting from or relating to Groupon connected with services, booking or purchase for which the user has been repaid.
5.
Amendments and cancellation
5.1.
If the user alters its data:
5.1.1.
Groupon note that travel may not be able to change the names of persons for which it was made the reservation.
Groupon agrees to this request if the to change the name, it is at its own discretion.
If we fail to amend a name on it may be necessary and cancel reservation, according to carry out a new provision (and incurring any costs resulting from the annulment).
User information on how to change a name, to may to contact us or via e-mail to 54 02 947 424 at https: / / / customer support assistenza.clienti _ www.groupon.it. @ groupon.com
5.1.2.
Changes data other than the name may not be allowed.
However, the user has always the option of reversing the purchase and to make a renewed, subject to availability (see reservation clause 5.2 mentioned below on cancellations).
5.2.
In case of cancellation of accommodation: note that every purchase is free of charge until their date undoable cancellation (if applicable).
User shows the cancellation date as part of the general restrictions on board.
Cancellation date will be communicated in the email of confirmation of the booking sent to the user.
Once date cancellation, the purchase of user shall not be redeemable or undoable.
Contact housing conditions that you want to book in relation to its cancellation date, because it varies from observer on board.
If the reason for cancelling is included in terms of an insurance policy signed in respect of purchases by the user, the user might be able to recover under date insurance policy, any costs that we could undo. addebitargli
If user wishes to discuss on the cancellation may contact us to 02 or via e-mail to the address 947 54 424 https: / / www.groupon.it / _ support customer. @ assistenza.clienti groupon.com
5.3.
Amendment accommodation if a supplier of user: occasional a supplier would have had to change the products bought in by the user.
We or the supplier will notice the user to all these changes as soon as possible giving details of the purchase and updated housing.
Groupon has no responsibility for these changes as it acts as a supplier.
5.4.
Cancel housing if a supplier user: if the annulment is purchased due to force majeure or non-payment by the user of the full amount of accommodation or is still in conformity with these conditions of sale, we reserve the right to cancel, for any reason and without any compensation the purchase of the user.
6.
Due diligence standards
6.1.
Ensure that:
6.1.1.
In carrying out our obligations apply a reasonable competence and diligence under these conditions of sale;
6.1.2 are allowed to make available the services offered through websites authorised; and
6.1.3 violeremo, not during our activities, the requirements of professional diligence.
7.
Limitation of liability
7.1.
Limitation of liability: this clause 7 takes precedence over all other provisions of these conditions of sale (except for the clause attached to 1.7) and defines the full responsibility of travel in relation to any cause of Groupon action which may arise in accordance with or in connection with these conditions of sale, including the performance, the default, the performance or delay in the fulfilment of our alleged obligations under these conditions of sale or service or providing accommodation (or a part of them or both).
7.2.
For what we are responsible: there is nothing in these conditions of sale or exclude our responsibilities in relation to limit (s) death or personal injury; (ii) the violation of our obligations under code consumer, from tourism or any other code or regulation applicable legislation; (iii) fraud; (iv) the declaration; (v) the fraudulent serious misconduct; or (vi) any responsibility that can not be excluded or limited by the law applicable.
7.3.
Exclusion liability for suppliers in areas where act as agent: if for suppliers work as agent, our responsibility towards the user will be to select suppliers with maximum competence and attention.
Where (i) we have acted in complete competence and attention in the choice of supplier (s) (i) and (ii) in accordance with the law applicable reject any responsibility for the provision of accommodation in user or for any actions or omissions of the supplier.
This stems from the fact that the contract and legal obligations for the provision of housing law are among the user and the supplier (and not with Groupon). travel
7.4.
For what we are not responsible except: of what was said in this clause 7 and in clause, we will not be responsible for 1.7 where non-compliance with these conditions of sale is: 7.4.1.
Attributable to user; 7.4.2.
Due to the supplier; 7.4.3.
Default attributable to a third foreign to the provision of accommodation or where it is due to an event of force majeure; or 7.4.4.
Due to an event of force majeure which prevents us from acting in accordance with the present sales conditions.
7.5.
Limitation of liability in relation to our services: and our responsibility for just exclude services we provide, which may be prohibited by law and, insofar as the code consumer and the code tourism, we will be responsible for: manufacturer.
Loss of revenue; 7.5.2.
Loss of income or real scheduled; 7.5.3.
Loss of contracts; 7.5.4.
Loss on the non-availability; monetary 7.5.5.
Loss savings expected; 7.5.6.
Loss of business; 7.5.7.
Lost opportunity; 7.5.8.
Loss start-up; 7.5.9.
Loss of reputation; 7.5.10.
Loss, damage or corruption of data; and 7.5.11.
Loss or indirect consequence.
Marked " mean the consequential loss losses, notes, planned or other consequenziali predictable.
8.
Complaints
8.1.
Problems dwelling-related if you, the user should immediately submission to the attention of housing supplier (e.g. the representative of the resort, the manager of the hotel.
Where the complaint is not resolved at local level, the user should contact the trouble at number 02 947 Groupon advising 54 424.
8.2.
In these circumstances, we will make every reasonable effort to provide, within the limits of our ability, immediate assistance, if deemed appropriate.
User does not have the opportunity to make a call, you can send an email to assistenza.clienti and provide a phone number @ groupon.com, and a time, to which we can contact him to provide assistance.
8.3.
If, after having informed the supplier and calling (above), the number Groupon the complaint user unresolved, must be sent, within 28 days of return home user, a complaint wrote to: act.:
Wadsack customer service and / or ag, 3 Oberstadt schaffhausen, by inserting the reference number 8200 schaffhausen booking and any other relevant information on housing, for which we will need in order to identify the user.
Address above is dedicated to handle complaints travel.
9.
Data protection
9.1.
Practices privacy: when the user makes a reservation or buys accommodation by travel, allows us to collect, Groupon develop and use its own information for privacy policy. as described nellanostra
Our services are made available via the site and by a user Groupon international reservation accepts the terms of use, the privacy policy and policy on cookie site. international Groupon
10.
Information
10.1.
Passport requirements: to book a reservation or purchase you need to have a valid passport (for at least 6 months after the end of your holiday user).
The special requirements concerning the passport and visa and any other requirement to immigration are the sole responsibility of user.
User should confirm these requirements with their embassies and / or consulates before i leave.
We do not assume any responsibility if the user can not start because it respects the requirements passport, or whether it visa or immigration is in possession of certificates to vaccination.
For eu citizens travelling within the european union we need a valid identity document.
10.2.
Health information: depending on the products bought in by user, may be applicable, voyage, health services mandatory.
Groupon urges the user to request advice and recommendations to a health care professional at least eight weeks before the departure (that is, of your doctor, nurse or pharmacist specialized in assisting the. clinical expert
For customers italians, further information is available on health care advice on http: / / viaggiall' www.viaggiaresicuri.it /.
Information on how to obtain medical treatment abroad, as well as on how to obtain medical care at a low cost and potentially free in europe, are available at http: / / / portal / issues / _ www.salute.gov.it p2 = area %. 20sanitaria assistance 4.jsp?
10.3.consigli of ministry of foreign affairs: the ministry of foreign affairs shall provide advice to most of travel related delledestinazioni throughout the world.
Invite user to visit the website http: / / www.viaggiaresicuri.it in order to obtain more information / specific related to their purchase.
10.4.
Travel insurance: it is important and strongly recommended that the user has travel insurance to cover the duration of employment and housing (every aspect linked to it).
This gives the user protection financial if due of certain circumstances, it is necessary to cancel the vacation.
Type vision will depend on the type of accommodation purchased by the user.
10.5.
Check-in and check-out housing: the check-in housing will depend on the on the supplier.
Although user should check with your particular supplier information timetable check-in and check-out before the arrival, as a general rule, be 3 p.m. (local time) check-in and check-out be 11.00 (local time).
Also in case of delay user, these should contact the supplier to ensure that a check-in do not affect the rights delayed.
Responsibility user is complying with the terms and conditions of the supplier as regards and check-out check-in.
11.
Disclaimer
11.1.
Interpretation: in these circumstances sales:
11.1.1.
Terms describing the people relate to individuals, partnerships, limited liability companies, legal persons and associations without legal personality;
11.1.2.
Headers clauses (as " 11.
Disclaimer " at the beginning of this clause) is printed for ease of reference and mere do not belong influence the interpretation of these conditions of sale;
11.1.3.
Licences clauses (as " interpretation: " at the beginning of this clause are intended to facilitate the 11.1) interpretation of the provisions in which appear; and
11.1.4.
References to terms ' includes " and " including " respectively " includes / ono to show not be limited " and " included not be limited to. "
11.2.
Exclusion withdrawal: unless the user discharging of any request obligations laid down in these conditions of sale, or to exercise our rights we omit against him, or in so doing, this does not mean that ritardiamo we gave our rights against him or excludes the obligation of user to fulfil these obligations.
If we do not to act in case of a default user, we will only in writing.
This surrender means only that we gave up act on this particular default at that particular time and in any other way, or responsibility release manleveremo user according to allay these sales conditions.
11.3.
Notifications: unless these conditions sales defining the contrary, notifications presented to each party will be sent in writing and delivered in person, by e-mail (unless the user is not sending a notification to travel on the basis of legal proceedings Groupon or for lodging a complaint according to clause 8.2) or sent by registered with acknowledgement of receipt, the address of the user that has provided in its reservation or to travel at its statutory seat. Groupon
11.4.
Survival: the requirements of clauses 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 9, 11 and 12 of these sales conditions, together with was established specifically survival to maturity or the resolution, and to those who, by their nature or according to the context are intended to survive in this resolution, at the end of these conditions or might survive resolution sales.
11.5 separability: if any of these conditions available sales is considered invalid, blank or ineffective, this measure must be deemed separate and, where possible, will not be undermined the validity and the applicability of the remaining provisions of these conditions of sale.
11.6 exclusion partnership / agency: there is nothing in these conditions of sale will be interpreted as determinant of a joint venture, a partnership or a report of agency between the user and travel anywhere will have the right and Groupon or authority to invoke any responsibility, debt or cost or conclude any contracts or other agreements on behalf or on behalf of the other party.
11.7.
Exclusion other conditions: except as explicitly defined in these conditions of sale, all the guarantees, conditions and other terms, explicitly or implicitly laid down by law, or otherwise, shall be excluded as much as permitted by the law applicable.
11.8.
Transfer: a supply is a transfer, under these conditions of sale, rights user (for example, the right to receive compensation where there is this right).
User can not delegate to dispose of, or somehow transfer any rights or obligations under these conditions of sale without our prior consent and this consensus can not be unreasonably denied.
Groupon will have the right to sell or otherwise delegate in whole or in part, any of their rights and obligations laid down in these conditions of sale to any person, institution or company (where the company belongs to the group) or other society in which Groupon consumer rights under these conditions of sale are not affected.
11.9 full agreement: these conditions of sale contain any conditions agreed between the parties regulating issues governed and replace and exclude any previous contract arrangements or agreements, both verbal and written between the user and us.
11.10.
Applicable law and jurisdiction: we will do everything possible to resolve any dispute relating to these sales conditions.
If the user will be legal recourse against us, it must be in italy where shall apply.
This clause applies to all contractual relations between the user and not us.
12.
Definitions
12.1.
Housing shall mean a residence for people in a building or other similar structure, including hotels and apartments, villas, condominiums and houses., multi-proprietà
12.2 for force majeure means an event that is outside the reasonable control of or a supplier and Groupon travel not could have been avoided even if it was applied due diligence, including a natural event, war, riots, invasion, actions enemy aliens, hostilities, civil war, revolution, rebellion, fire, explosion, failure to public services or uprising civil lightning, storms, floods, earthquakes, five ill winds, tornadoes, acts of terrorism and sabotage, laws or regulations government restrictive strikes, lock-outs, industrial disputes or other trade union matters of all kinds (excluding strikes staff travel), civil disturbances, Groupon ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity resulting from nuclear fuels or radioactivity, toxic properties, explosive or other dangerous nature of any nuclear or nuclear disaster epidemic component assembly or any other nature or severe weather conditions.
12.3.
Site Groupon for international means any platform, including the website offered or operated by international website affiliated, each Groupon network business partners, e-mail, mobile applications, other types of tenders electronic or other platforms or distribution channels owned, controlled or managed by international or travel, their Groupon Groupon participants or trading partners.
12.4 purchase for the purchase of a means of travel accommodation. Groupon
This includes " bought " and " buy. "
12.5 reservation for means the presentation of a takeover offer accommodation (and this definition includes " book " and " reserved ").
12.6 services are services provided by clients under these Groupon travel conditions of sale, which include the act as an agent on behalf of suppliers in order to provide the booking housing stock.
12.7.
For supplier means any supplier housing to travel as advertised Groupon agent for the supplier.
Sales conditions for the reservation of goods and services on the third-party (partners)-italy Groupon s.r.
1.
General information
1.1 these sales conditions apply whenever on which " buyer " (acquistiate Groupon) a reservation of goods and services on the platform of third parties.
1.2 Groupon means s.r.l., Groupon
A company formed under italian law, registered in italy and with its registered office in corso buenos aires 54, milan, italy.
Groupon 06964760968 is the game of vat.
1.3 reservation mean entitled to supply partner by partners, which can be offered to provide a ticket or altersì subject other documentation.
1.4 supply partner indicates the goods and / or services to be provided and / or to be granted by the partners to the purchaser as specified on the site of Groupon.
1.5 partner is not linked to a third party supplies and / or selling Groupon delivers the offer of partner.
The contract for the supply and the new purchases of supply of between you and the partner may be concluded at which is purchased the reservation and in any event end on on behalf of Groupon contrattto and as an agent of partner.
Groupon does not sell, provide and / or provides supply partner.
It merely to sell off the reservation.
1.6 these conditions of sale were updated last 23.08.2018.
1.7.
Groupon reserves the right to amend unilaterally and at any time these sales conditions.
All amendments to these conditions for the sale will be published online and made by banner included in newsletter. conoscibili
You bound only to the version of the conditions of sale which you agreed at the time of purchase of a reservation.
2.
Prenotazione2.1 purchase of a to buy a reservation must be at least 18 years.
Before we can make a purchase must and create an account with Groupon registrarvi. international limited
2.2 by clicking on the button " now buying " sent to a proposal for purchase of reservation. Groupon
But purchasing reservation is not improved until receive e-mail from Groupon confirming acceptance of your proposal.
Groupon reserves expressly to accept your proposal.
Also Groupon if accepted your proposal, it can dissolve the contract at any time if there are justified suspicions that you committed or are about to commit any fraud to the detriment of a third affiliate Groupon Groupon or partner.
3.
Receive supply partner
3.1 after the purchase of reservation, the partner there any additional documentation (e.g. fornità a ticket) to enable you to receive the offer of a partner.
This additional documentation may also be fron by a third party on behalf of the partners.
3.2 unless stated expressly in a different way, the reservation not entitles the buyer to receive the offer of partners at a specific time.
It is highly recommended to contact the partner quickly.
Thus you greater opportunities to the offer of partners in your period assure you preferred.
Groupon bear in mind that can not influence the timing of sales and / or delivery of supply partner.
Where supply partner expressly provide delivery of a particular good or the provision of a given service within a given event (e.g.
Christmas), and the delivery or performance does not occur in promised, you can get a refund.
3.3 Groupon partners on behalf of the charges may obtain registration or other costs associated with the purchase of a reservation.
All fees or costs (if applicable) there will be communicated before the acquisition of booking.
3.4 if the partner is unable to provide and / or provide the offer of partner as described for unforeseen reasons, on behalf of the trader, i Groupon shall communicate as soon as possible by e-mail.
4.
Fraud or illegal activities
4.1 you are committed not to provide false data, including names, addresses and / or contact details or payment distort or to commit any in relation to the purchase of illegal activity a reservation or to allow third parties to do so.
5.
Withdrawal and exceptions), reimbursements and problems
5.1 buying booking, been explicit request that the provision of Groupon is beginning to be executed.
Since Groupon is not responsible for the provision of supply of the partners, once the reservation has been provided, shall be deemed to have carried out in full the obligations Groupon its competence for you.
Therefore, you are not holders in respect of the legal right of withdrawal within 14 days in case of purchase of a reservation.
5.2.
Recess your right to supply partner will be the terms and conditions of sale of soggettp partners and each prediction of applicable law.
5.3 purchased a reservation, but if the partner there provides the offer of partner, or adequately if you have a complaint about the disbursement of supply of the partners, you will act directly in partner. confonti
This is because the partners, and not, is responsible for the provision of Groupon offer partners.
Groupon it sells the reservation.
In any case, if you and the partners agree on as you fail to resolve the complaint, will, at your request, Groupon try to facilitate the resolution of the issue between you and the partners.
5.7 unless they inform us in advance and specifically to the contrary, every repayment will take place Groupon through the original method of payment if your method of payment from was cancelled, has expired or was otherwise as, you must inform the team of customer care at the following page http: / / contactus.groupon.it. if such communication and omit / you were reimbursed in accordance with your method of payment, it may be necessary from your bank or contact your manager payments to obtain your reimbursement.
Groupon will not make more than one repayment.
5.8 have 30 days from receipt of reimbursement to refuse.
Unless refused reimbursement during these 30 days, the reimbursement is the full and final clearance of any claim that you could make towards, derived from or related to Groupon related to this reservation.
6.
Responsibility for the supply of partners
6.1 please bear in mind that the partners, and not,: Groupon
6.1.1 seller, the supplier and / or the provider of supply of the partners;
6.1.2 part that enters into a contract with the buyer following the acquisition of the booking; and
6.1.3 responsible for providing the buyer of supply of and for the quality of that supply partner partner.
7.
Standards Groupon for services and responsibility
7.1 Groupon ensures that:
7.1.1 will reasonable care and diligence in fulfil their obligations pursuant to these conditions of sale;
And
7.1.2 does not conflict with the requirements of professional diligence correctness or in carrying out its activities.
7.2 Groupon always say to: (a) death and damage staff due directly to the neglect of Groupon; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation to put in place; or (same Groupon (c) any contractual condition implied that can not be excluded or limited under the legislation applicable.
7.3 prejudice in chapter 7.2 above, is not responsible for any other Groupon loss or any other damage that might suffer, including any indirect or loss as a result.
7.4 Groupon declines responsibility for the violation of any of these conditions of sale where obligations stemming itself has not been able to meet these Groupon obligations for reasons outside the scope of its reasonable control.
8.
Site Groupon
Site Groupon (the " site ") means the website on the internet, mobile applications, communications or electronic services or any location from which you can buy a reservation by Groupon.
Groupon reservations on the site which belongs to Groupon markets international limited.
Find further information on the conditions of use of the site, which is specifically part of these conditions of sale, here / _ and _ conditions. www.groupon.it terms
9.
Miscellaneous
9.1 infringed if these conditions of sale and has not undertaken any action Groupon against you, this does not mean Groupon gave up assert their rights and their actions.
9.2 unless stated otherwise in these conditions of sale, communications with the parties must be made in writing and must be sent by electronic mail (unless they are sent for the purpose of service of procedural documents) or by post prepaid.
Any communication that there will be at the address you give will send Groupon during the recording of your account Groupon.
You send any communication to address referred to in chapter 1.2 Groupon.
9.3 available if any of these conditions of sale should be declared invalid or not effective, the validity and effectiveness of the remaining provisions of this agreement will not be affected.
Invalidate this provision will be replaced by a provision or ineffective valid and effective as effective as possible to the economic under available considered ineffective. or invalid
9.4 these conditions of sale are regulated under italian law and interpreted, apart from the application of any law conflict or the choice made by the parties, where appropriate,.
Disputes will be subject to the exclusive competence of the court of your place of residence or domicile.
