With effect from 11 august 2020
Our mission is to link the professionals all over the world to help them to be more productive and to be more successful.
The purpose of our services is to promote economic opportunities for our members, allowing for you and million other professionals to meet, learn to exchange ideas and work and professional opportunities or employees taking decisions in a network of relationships trust.
Index:
Introduction
Obligations
Rights and limits
Limitation of liability
Resolution
Applicable law-settlement of disputes
General
" Activities allowed " and " activities not allowed " on linkedin
Complaints about content
As contact us
1.
Introduction
1.1 contract
When using our services, accepts all these facts.
Use departments for its part is also subject to our information and our cookie privacy policy, which covers the way we collect, use, and share her personal information. we
Subscribe click on " now, " " register for ", " " or similar linkedin subscribe, or by using our services, gaining access by registering (described below), she agrees to conclude a contract with legally binding when using our services (including linkedin on behalf of a company).
Unless accepts this contract (" contract " or " licence agreement "), click on " now " (not subscribe or similar) and not accesses otherwise or use none of our services.
If you want to solve this contract, you may do so at any time by closing its accounts and stopping access to our services or use them.
Services
This agreement shall apply to the trade mark linkedin, app Linkedin.com and other sites, learning to linkedin app, communications and services related to linkedin explicitly under this contract offered (" "), including services data collection off-site for these services, such as our advertisements and plug-ins " candidate " and " with linkedin share with linkedin. "
Users recorded to our services are " members ' and users are not registered are visitors.
Linkedin
You are going to conclude this contract with (which is also referred to linkedin as " us ").
" Countries that are designated " shall mean the countries of the european union (eu), the countries of the european economic area (eea) and switzerland.
If you lies in ", " is this (countries designated contract with unlimited companies (" linkedin ireland ireland linkedin "), and ireland for the treatment of its linkedin will personal data supplied to, or collected from or or drawn up in relation to our services.
Is if you in a different country by countries that are designated, " is this contract with (linkedin corporation (" corp. '), linkedin
And linkedin corp.
Is controller of their personal data supplied to, or collected from or or drawn up in relation to our services.
This agreement applies to users and visitors.
As visitor or state of our services, the collection, use and sharing of their personal data are subject to this privacy policy (which includes our disclosure of cookies and other documents referred to in this privacy policy) and the updates.
1.2 members and visitors
When falls services and is becomes a state. linkedin
If chose not to register our services can function as access to some " position
.
1.3 change
The contract could be subject to change.
Could from time to time to change this contract, our privacy policy and our information on cookie.
Where apportassimo substantial changes, we'll call you through our services, or other means, to give you a chance to see changes before they become effective.
We agree that changes can not be retroactive.
If disapproves changes can close its account.
If after the publication or sending a notice concerning the amendments to the present terms and conditions will continue to use our services, you deem the terms and conditions updated accepted from the date on which they entered into force.
2.
Obligations
2.1.
Fitness for duty
Here are some promises that you are are you in this contract:
You is suitable / a to the conclusion of this contract and the " has at least minimum age. "
Services can not be used by people under the age of 16.
To use services, she accepts that: (1) must have the minimum age (defined below) or greater; (2) must have a single account, which will be the linkedin her real name; and (3) the use of services has never been suspended from linkedin.
Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms and conditions, including accounts registered on behalf of others or persons under the age of 16.
" Age ' means 16 years.
However, if the law requires that you must have an older can provide services to the legally linkedin without the consent of parents or guardians (including the use of their personal data), then the minimum age will be laid down by law.
2.2 his account
You maintain your secret password.
You his account with other people and will respect our rules and the law.
Members hold an account.
You agree to: (1) use a password complex and kept it secret; (2) do not transfer any part of his account (e.g. links) and (3) comply with the law and our list of " activity " and " activities allowed not allowed " and the information on the professional community.
You are responsible for whatever happens through his account unless the close or tell misuse.
As regards the relationship between you and others (including his employer) account belongs to you.
If services have been bought by another party so that you use them (e.g.
Recruiter seat purchased by his employer), the party that pays this service has the right to control access to the service, and to obtain reports on the use paid for its part thereof, but without having rights on his personal account.
2.3 payment
You spent its payment obligations and gives us a consensus to maintain its information for payment.
Is aware that could be added costs and charges to our prices.
Repayments are subject to our information.
Buys if any of our payment services (services), agrees to premium " pay expenses and taxes applicable and to respect the terms additional specific for those services to payment.
Non-payment may cause termination of the use of payment services.
Also accepts:
Its purchases may be subject to a commission exchange or price differences depending on the location (e.g., the exchange rate).
You allows us to memorize your method of payment (e.g. credit card) and to continue to make objections also after its expiry, in order to avoid interruption of its services and payments for other services that can buy.
If buys a subscription, the cost will be automatically charged on its method of payment at the beginning of each period of subscription regarding the costs and the charges applicable to that period.
Objections future, in order to avoid the cancellation before the date of renewal makes.
Find out more about how cancel services or suspend premium.
Its purchases of services are subject to disclosure repayment of linkedin.
Calculate taxes that you could due according to the billing information that gives us at the time of purchase.
May obtain a copy of his invoice through settings her account in section " history of purchases " linkedin.
2.4 warnings and messages
You agree to receive from us notices and through our messages websites and our app and contact details.
If its contact details are not updated, might lose notices important.
You agree that we can send notices and messages in follows: (1) within the service or (2) the contact details he has given us (e.g.
Email address, cell phone number, postal address).
She accepts also maintain its updated contact details.
We ask you to review its settings to control and restrict messages it receives on our part.
2.5.
Shares information when you on our services, the other people can see, copy and use the information.
Our services can send messages and share information in various ways, such as through his profile, articles, post in groups, link to articles, vacancies, messages and messages Inmail.
Information and content that you share or public could be displayed by other users, or by third parties (including visitors outside services).
Where we have made available settings, we respect the choices made by you for who can see the contents or information (for example, content of the messages to its addressees, sharing content only with links linkedin, profile limitation of visibility on search engines or choosing not to disclose updates of its linkedin profile).
Regarding research activities of vacancies, we set default not to send its network or notices his audience.
If candidate for an offer of employment through our service or chooses to report his interest in an offer of employment, by default share information only with the author of the labour supply.
We are not obliged to publish any information or content on our duty and we can remove them at our sole discretion, with or without notice.
3.
Rights and limits
3.1.
His licence linkedin
You owns all the content, the comments, suggestions and personal information that gives us, but also gives us a non-exclusive licence for them.
We respect the choices that you will about who will see its information and its content, including the manner in which can be used for publicity purposes.
For relation between you and you have the content and linkedin, information services and public or send gives linkedin and our non-exclusive licence the following subsidiaries:
Valid law throughout the world, and to use, copy, transferable sub-licenziabile, modify, and distribute information and content you publish treat provides through our services and third-party services, without further notice consensus, and / or remuneration to you or to third parties.
These rights are limited in the following ways:
May interrupt this license for a specific content services in general or eliminating this content his account, except (a closing) insofar as she shared with third parties as part of the service and these users they again shared or copied (b) for the archived and reasonable necessary to remove it from the backup and other systems.
Not includeremo its contents in advertisements for products and services to other third (including contained sponsored) without his consent separate.
However, we reserve the right, you or others without remuneration offer advertisements close to content and its information, and its social measures could be visible and displayed with advertisements, as indicated in the privacy policy.
If uses a function of a service, we could his name returned with her picture or to promote it within our services, based on its settings.
Ask consent where we grant to third parties the right to publish his post outside services.
However, if you choose to publish a post as " public ', a feature that allows you to other users abiliteremo to incorporate said in public services and post third parties will search engines to ensure that these public content can be found through their services.
For further information
Although can change and make changes to the format of its contents (as, change the size, or making trascriverli the layout or the file type, or remove metadata), we will not change the meaning of its expression.
Because you have ownership of its contents and information and we only have rights on them, you not exclusive may choose to make them available to third parties, even under a creative commons license.
You linkedin and accepted that if the contents include personal data will be subject to our privacy policy.
You linkedin and accepted that we have access, storing, processing and use all the information and all personal data that you provide in accordance with the terms and conditions of the privacy policy and its choices (including settings).
Sending suggestions or other feedback relating to our services linkedin, you can use accepts that linkedin and share (but not has an obligation to do so) such feedback for any purpose without corrisponderle any remuneration.
You guarantee to provide only the information and the content that has the right to share and that its linkedin profile will be true.
She agrees to provide only content or information not breaking the law or the rights of third parties (including the intellectual property rights).
You also accepts that information of its profile are true.
May laws wished to remove certain information contained in or linkedin some countries.
3.2 the availability of services
We have the power to amend or terminate any service or amend our prices prospectively.
We can change, withhold or terminate any our service.
We will also change our prices, which are actual with a reasonable notice to the extent prospectively permitted by the law.
We ensure store or continue to show the information and the content that she published.
Linkedin is not a service of storage.
She accepts that there is for us the obligation to store, manage or provide a copy of content or information provided by you or third parties, except to the extent required by the law applicable and as shown in our privacy policy.
3.3 other content, sites and applications
Use by its content or information third published on our services is in its risk.
Some third parties could offer its products and services through our services.
We never answer for the activities of such third parties.
Using services, you can see or contained information which could be inaccurate, incomplete, late misleading, offensive, illegal or otherwise harmful.
Linkedin generally does not consider the content provided by its members or by third parties.
She accepts that we don't answer for the content or the information from third parties (including those of the other members).
We can not always prevent the inadequate utilisation of our services and recognises that you do not respond to such use.
Recognises the risk that you or your organisation might be wrongly associated with relating to third when contained its links and followers to allow you or its organisation you were mentioned in the news.
Users can make choices on this function.
Linkedin can help members to come into contact, offering their services (professional advice, etc.), accounting with members in search of services.
Linkedin serves neither takes of persons to carry out such services.
You need at least 18 years in order to carry out, or provide such services.
You acknowledges that does not monitor, check, direct or linkedin monitors members in carrying out these services and accepts that (1) is not responsible for the provision of linkedin conduct or supply such services, (2) does not support any particular service offered, linkedin and (3) will establish a working relationship or anything, or a cooperative partnership of joint venture between members and offering services. linkedin
If you are a member offering services, you say and ensure that all licences necessary to provide services in accordance with information on the professional community.
Similarly linkedin, might help to register and / or to participate in events organized by members and to come into contact with other states participating in these events.
You accepts that (1) do not respond to the conduct of any linkedin state or other participating in these events, (2) does not support any particular event shown on linkedin our services, (3) and / or controls not linkedin verification none of these events, and (4) to these terms and conditions that you will join shall apply to such events.
3.4 limits
We have the right to restrict the manner in which you interact on our colleague and services.
Linkedin reserves the right to restrict its use of services, including the number of its links and its ability to contact other members.
Linkedin reserves the right to restrict, suspend or terminate his account where you are in breach of this agreement or the law, that is using services improperly (for example, is contravening any activity permitted and not allowed or information on community vocational training).
3.5 intellectual property rights
The we view with regard to our intellectual property rights.
Linkedin reserves all its intellectual property rights in services.
The marks and used in relation to the services are marks logos their owners.
Linkedin logos, the " in " and other trademarks, service marks, pictures and logos used for our services are linkedin trademarks or registered trade marks of linkedin.
3.6 automatic processing
Use data and information on you to propose valuable suggestions for you and others.
Use information and data provides you and that we are on members to report links, content and function that they might be useful.
E.g. use data and information on you to report it vacancies and to report to you recruiter.
Maintaining its profile and updated helps us to make accurate such warnings more precise and relevant.
4.
Limitation of liability
4.1 not guaranteed
This limitation of all legal responsibility in terms of quality, safety and reliability of our services.
Linkedin and its affiliated not taking no responsibility do not make for services, including the guarantee that the services will be available forever and free of errors, and provide services (including the contents and the information) " as " and " subject to their availability.
As permitted by the law applicable, linkedin and its affiliated do not recognise an implied guarantee or legal, including the implicit guarantees of title, data accuracy, absence of violations, merchantability or fitness for a specific purpose.
4.2 exclusion of liability
Such are the bounds of legal responsibility that we can apply.
As permitted by law (and unless linkedin has not signed up another written agreement that prevail on this contract), and its affiliated will not answer, linkedin in relation to this contract, for loss of profit or business opportunities, (e.g., offensive statements or reputation), data loss libellous (for example, is not available or loss, use of or changes to its information or its contacts), or any consequential loss, accidentally, special or consequential punishment.
Linkedin and its affiliated will not answer against him, in relation to this contract, for any amount beyond (a) any charges paid or payable to total from you for services during the period of linkedin validity of this contract, or (b) usd 1000.
4.3 basis of agreement; exclusions
The limitation of liability in this section 4 is included in the basis of the agreement between you and linkedin and applies to all the demands of responsibility (e.g. guarantee unlawful negligence, contract and although law) or its affiliates were informed linkedin the possibility of such damage, and even if these actions i get their essential purpose.
These liability restrictions do not apply to liability for death and personal injury, or gross negligence or intentional conduct, fraud in case of negligence or erroneous, consisting of the breach of an obligation material, an obligation as such material which builds a prerequisite for the provision of services from us and on which you could rely, but only to the extent that the damage is directly caused by the breach and the conclusion of this agreement and were foreseeable insofar as are typical under this contract.
5.
Resolution
Both parties may terminate this contract, but certain rights and obligations will remain in force.
Linkedin she can resolve this contract at any time by sending a notice to the counterparty.
In case of cancellation, you lose the right to access or use the services.
The following conditions remain after the resolution:
Our right to use and disseminate its comments and suggestions.
Law members and / or visitors of further information and content from you shared ricondividere through services;
Sections 4, 6, 7 and 8.2 of this agreement;
Any repayment due to both parties before the resolution will after resolution. payable
Can visit our assistance to close its account. centre
6.
Applicable law-settlement of disputes
The unlikely event of a dispute arises, she agreed to resolve in the courts of california linkedin under the law of california or in the courts of dublin, ireland on the basis of irish law.
This section does not cover for mandatory rules would deprive the consumer protection of the country where the services, and in which you are proposing habitual residence.
If lies in " countries that are designated ": you and accepted that the irish legislation, linkedin ireland except in cases of conflict between the laws, all disputes concerning this will govern only contract and / or services.
Linkedin ireland accepted that any you and claims and can be discussed only in the courts in disputes dublin, ireland, and both accept the jurisdiction of the courts staff sites at dublin, ireland.
For those who reside in a country other than the designated, including those who live outside the united states: you and accepted that the laws of the state of linkedin california, usa, except in cases of conflict of laws, will be the sole regular any dispute concerning this contract and / or services.
You linkedin and that all the demands and disputes accepted both can be discussed only in the courts federal and state of the county of santa clara, california, usa, and both you and accepted the jurisdiction of the courts linkedin staff.
7.
General
Are given below some important details of the contract.
If a court with jurisdiction over this contract is not applicable any part of the same, you and we accept that the court must arnend.its terms and conditions in order to make that part of the contract remain applicable and able to meet for these purposes.
If the tribunal can not do so, you and we are ready to ask the court removed the part not applicable and that the rest of this agreement shall remain in force.
This contract (including the additional conditions that can provide when she undertakes with a function services) is the only contract between us in regard to services and replacing all previous contracts for services.
If we do not take any action in the event of violation of this contract, this does not mean that he renounced the right to give linkedin implementation in this contract.
You may not assign or transfer this contract (or its accession or use of services to third parties without our agreement.
I accepts linkedin this with its subsidiaries can assign contract or part it buys without his consent.
Third-party there are benefiting from this contract.
She accepts that the only way to send us guidelines provided in the legal notices is to do so section 10.
8. "
Activities allowed " and " activities not allowed " on linkedin
8.1.
Activities allowed
Linkedin is a community of professionals.
This list of activities and not permitted, together with the " allowed our information on community limits what you can professional and can not do on our services.
You agree to:
Fulfil all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, laws on intellectual property, laws, laws on export controls, anti-spam tax laws and regulatory requirements;
Provide accurate information and keep them up to date;
Using his real name on his account; and
Use the services professionally.
8.2 activities that are not permitted.
You agree to not:
Create identity on linkedin, represent with false disingenuous its identity, creating user profile for someone who is not a real person (you), or use or try to use the account of third parties;
Develop support or use software, devices, script, or any other means or process robot (including, and additional components of browser plugin crawler, or any other technology) to perform the scraping of services or otherwise copy and other data services; profiles
Disable any security or circumvent any function or bypass access control or limitation of use of the service (e.g. maximum number of research keywords or profile); views
Copy use, disclose or distribute any information obtained by the services, directly or through a third party (e.g.
Search engines), without the consent of linkedin;
Providing information that he has no right to reveal (e.g.
Confidential information of other persons, including his employer);
Violating the intellectual property rights of others, including copyright, patents, trademarks, business secrets or other rights of plant.
For example, do not copy or distribute (if not through the sharing feature available) posts or other contents of other people without their permission, which could give publishing under a creative Commond;
Violate intellectual property or other rights, including, without limitation, linkedin (s) copy or distribute our video training or other material or (ii) copy or distribute our technology, unless it is granted through open source licenses; (iii) use the word " or " our logos in any linkedin business name, email or except for the arrangements envisaged in the url guidelines on brand;
Publish any element containing software with viruses, or any other code damaging; worm
Execute decompilation, reverse engineering, the dismantling, the decryption or other attempt to decode the source code for services or any technology related is not open source;
Lodge or claim to be affiliated with or without our express consent from linkedin linked (e.g. represent as trainer accredited by); linkedin
Rent, to let be, market, sell / services or resell or otherwise cash in on access to data or themselves, without the prior consent of linkedin;
Create links type to our services for any purpose other than deep-link by profile or group promotion on our services, without the consent of linkedin;
Use bot programmes or other methods for accessing automated, adding or download services contacts, send messages or redirect;
Monitor availability, performance or the functionality of services for any purpose competitive;
Activities framing, " " mirroring or otherwise simulate the appearance or the role of services;
Cover amend or otherwise services or their appearance (for example, entering service or removing or covering elements blacking out an advertisement services including);
Interfere with the operation of services or use on the same a load of data (e.g. unreasonable spam, denial of service attack (dos), viruses, algorithms); and / or games
Violate information on community vocational or any related to a specific terms additional service is provided when there is or begin to use this service, as well as the terms of bing maps where applicable.
9.
Complaints about content
Contact information for the compliance of content provided by our users.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
We information published by members are accurate and not in violation of intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties.
We provide information and a procedure for the submission of complaints about content in from our member states.
10.
As contact us
Our contact details.
Our assistance centre shall also provide information on our services.
Generic application for any may contact us online.
Alarm legal or notifications of acts, can write to these guidelines.
