Https: / / policy.pinterest.com / en / service; terms-of-service
We thank you for using pinterest.
These service (" ") regulate access and use of the web site of the programming interfaces (app, bees, application programming interface) and the widget (" " or " pinterest pinterest ') service.
Read carefully these terms and in case of applications. contact us
Switching or using these words, pinterest, accept our rules on privacy, our information on cookies and our guidelines for the community.
Simply
Each farm has its own terms.
These are our.
1.
Our service
Pinterest helps you to discover and do what you love.
Following your activities on the ground and not, show you what we think is relevant, interesting and personal for you.
To provide the service, we need to be able to identify you and your interests.
Sometimes what we show you is sponsored by our advertisers.
Our service also provides that the content sponsored is relevant and interesting to you.
Sponsored content is easily identifiable because it is particularly clear.
Simply
Pinterest helps you to discover and do what you love.
Custom is for you.
Knowing what you like, pinterest on your tastes and your shape interests.
2.
Using pinterest
. Who can use pinterest
Pinterest only if you can you can use to conclude a contract binding and legally only in accordance with the present terms and all the applicable law.
When making your account, you have to give us accurate information and complete pinterest.
Pinterest can not use if forbidden by american sanctions.
Not is permitted to use or access by persons under the age of 13.
If risiedi in the eea, you can use only if you have reached the age that pinterest allows you to express the consent to the processing of data in accordance with the laws of your country.
Pinterest to use you may have to download software on your computer, tablet, telephone or other devices.
Accept software is updated automatically and that these terms apply to all amendments.
B licence. you give
In accordance with these terms and to our information (including our guidelines for the community), you bestow a licence limited non-exclusive, non-transferable basis and for the use of our service. access
C. commercial use of pinterest
Pinterest if you use for commercial purposes, you must create an account for farms and accept our terms of service for companies.
If open an account for a company, an organisation or an entity other, " you " includes you and that scale and certifying be entitled to grant all authorisations and licences provided in these terms and to place an entity to present terms and accept these terms on behalf of the entity.
Simply
Pinterest can use only if you have more than 13 years (or an older in other countries).
If used for work, you must create an account pinterest for companies.
3.
Your content
Publication of content.
Pinterest lets you publish content, including comments, picture, link and other material.
Everything publish or otherwise make available on pinterest is defined as " user content. "
Keep all the rights contained user that publishes on and you're the only responsible. pinterest
Simply
Content that publish on your property. pinterest remains
B. how other users can use your and pinterest content
Make pinterest and our consumers a non-exclusive licence world, free from royalties, and to use, storing, transferable sublicenziabile view, play, save, modify create and distribute derivative works, perform your content of user on solely for purposes of speech, development pinterest, supply and use of pinterest.
Nothing confined in these terms any other legal rights of the consumer, for example on content pinterest under other licences.
We reserve the right to remove or modify the contents of the user, or change the mode of use on pinterest, for any reason.
Above includes the contents of the user which we believe in violation of deadlines, the guidelines for the present community, or any other information.
Simply
We show the contents you publish on to other users, which may pinterest save your content.
Pornography or not to publish or other people on spam molest. pinterest
C. storage time content
Following closure or decommissioning of your account or remove user content from pinterest, if such material may be we preserved for a reasonable period of time for backup, storage or control.
Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, storing, view, play, to pin, to create riaggiungere derivative works, run and distribute your user content that other users or stored shared by pinterest.
Simply
If you choose to publish content, we give permission to use them to provide the service and improve pinterest.
Copies content shared with others may remain even after clear the contents from your account.
D. your feedback
Opinion our users is very important to us and we are always ready to listen to pinterest better.
If you decide to comment, feedback, that we can use ideas or accept any limitation or any remuneration toward you.
Accepting your sending above, pinterest does not forgo any right to use such feedback or related to previously known or developed through its employees or pinterest obtained from sources other than you.
Simply
Can use your suggestions for improving pinterest.
4.
Rules on copyright
Pinterest adopted and implemented the rules on copyright pinterest in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act and other applicable laws on copyright.
For further information, see our rules on copyright.
Simply
We respect the copyright.
You must do the same.
5.
Security
We love the security of our users.
Although pinterest undertakes to protect the safety of your content and of your account, can not guarantee that third parties unauthorised do not endanger the security measures.
I ask you to preserve your password safe.
Avvisaci immediately of any impairment or unauthorised use of your account.
Simply
You can help us combat the bearing in mind these suggestions for safety spammer.
6.
Link, sites and third-party services
Pinterest may contain links to websites, announcements, services, special offers or other events or activities of third parties not owned or controlled by pinterest.
We do not endorse or we take responsibility in on these sites, information, materials, products or services to third parties.
If log in to websites, content services or third-party from you your risk and pinterest, accept that has no liability resulting from your pinterest use of websites, services or content of third parties or from access to them.
Simply
Pinterest contains links to content beyond pinterest.
Most of them are wonderful, but if they are not accepted we're not responsible.
7.
Withdrawal
Pinterest may withdraw or suspend your right to access or use pinterest for any reason with. due warning
Can withdraw or suspend your access immediately and without notice if we have a reason to do so, for example, if we find violations of our guidelines for the community.
In case of withdrawal, will continue to be bound by the sections 3 and 8 of these terms.
Simply
Pinterest is provided free of charge.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, but we do that properly.
8.
Allowances
Pinterest if you use for commercial purposes (i.e. are not a consumer) without accept our terms of service for companies as required by section 2 (c) of these words, agrees to compensate and keep free and his colleagues, directors, pinterest employees and agents, any claim, case, legal proceedings, dispute, request, responsibility, loss and damage cost, for example, expenditure, including reasonable legal expenses and accounting (including the costs of legal defence against their causes or proceedings initiated by a third party), and in any way related to your access or use of our service, your content of the user or your violation of these terms.
Simply
If sued for actions which come your company is on, you have to pay the costs we have pinterest incurred.
Also, you must first have created an account to companies and accepted our terms of service for companies.
9.
Exclusions guarantee
Our service and all content on are provided as they are, " " pinterest without guarantee whatsoever express or implied.
Pinterest denies any guarantee and condition of merchantability, specifically for a particular purpose and fitness violation and any guarantee resulting from negotiations or commercial uses.
Pinterest assumes no responsibility for the content of the user you or any other person or third part published or sent our using service.
Recognize convieni and you can be exposed to content user not accurate, questionable not suitable for children or otherwise inappropriate for what you want.
Consumer eea, if you're a do not rule out or are responsible for intent or gross negligence, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or wilful misconduct.
Simply
Unfortunately people protest-related content not appropriate on services as pinterest.
Pay close attention to this problem, but it could happen anyway to find these types of content before we can remove them.
Content not appropriate, if you see here. segnalaceli
10.
Limitation of liability
Insofar maximum permitted by the law, will not be responsible for any consequential loss pinterest, accidentally special or or punitive resulting loss of any profits or revenues, which took place both directly and indirectly, nor for any loss of data, use, starting or other loss resulting from (a) your intangible access or use of products or inability to access or use the service, (b) any conduct or content third-party associated with the service, including, for example, illegal or offensive, libellous conducted other users or third parties or (c) access, use or unauthorised alteration of your broadcasts or of your content.
In any case, the responsibility for overall total all claims relating to service pinterest is expected to exceed usd $ 100.00 % (u.s.).
You cause damage if we and you're a consumer the eea, the above does not apply to you.
Conversely, the responsibility will be limited to damage caused by the foreseeable pinterest violation of contractual obligations this type of contract typical of materials.
Pinterest is not responsible for damage resulting from non-compliance with any other obligation material assistance applicable.
This imitation of responsibility will not apply to any legal responsibility which can not be limited to any responsibility for death and personal injury caused by our negligence or deliberate misconduct, or to exclude our responsibility for something that we expressly promised.
Simply
We are achieving the best possible service for you, but we can not promise you that it will be perfect.
We are not responsible for different aspects.
If you think the opposite, let us solve the problem by adults.
11.
Arbitration
In any dispute between you and pinterest, primarily accepts and try to resolve the dispute with contact us we informally.
If we need to reach you, we'll write the email of your account pinterest.
If pinterest has not been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, everyone agrees to fix their disputes or disputes (except for claims ingiuntivo or by outside equitativa) that may occur or in connection or on these terms by binding arbitration or (for claim valid) in a court for small claims.
Arbitration can solve our differences in more than a case in court informal reach.
E.g. arbitration is a neutral referee rather than a lawyer or a jury, requires a smaller number of tests and is subject to a very limited review by the court.
Despite process is more informal arbitrators may issue judgments for damages as a court and granting of injunctions.
Convieni that accepting the present terms of service, the u.s. federal Arbitration interpretation and discharging act regulates this provision and you have the right to trial by pinterest forego jury or to participation in a collective action.
Referee has the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute concerning the interpretation, the applicability of this agreement or enforceability of binding arbitration.
Arbitration survive this provision to the resolution of this agreement and the closure of your account pinterest.
Any disagreement shall be administered by the american Arbitration association (" aaa ") in accordance with the rules of arbitration consumer (consumer rules in force when for Arbitration) the aaa, except as provided for in this agreement.
You can download the modules for from the website www.adr.org.
Pinterest unless you and not otherwise agree arbitration will be conducted in the county (or) where you reside district.
Each party shall be responsible for the payment of any administrative burden, arbitration and registration in accordance with the rules of the aaa aaa, except for the fact that the administrative burden, reasonable pay pinterest arbitration and registration by you if your claim supported shall not exceed the amount of $ 75,000 and not be treated as unjustified (as established by requirements laid down by the federal rule of civil Procedure 11 (b)).
If your claim for compensation is equal to or less than $ 10,000, you can choose whether we agree that arbitration should be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to referee, through a telephone interception or from hearing conversation person, as defined by the rules of the aaa.
If your claim for compensation exceed $ 10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by rules of aaa.
Regardless way will follow arbitration, the referee should deliver an arbitration award in writing where explains the findings and conclusions of essential himself, and any competent court ruling can make a judgment on the arbitration award.
Nothing in this section may prevent parties from obtaining a measure or other measure by the courts for fair ingiuntivo issues related to data security, intellectual property or the unauthorised access to the service.
Any claims shall be related to individual parts, but not as plaintiffs or members of alleged collective action or representative and, unless otherwise agreed, the referee can not consolidate claims for more than one person.
CONVIENI that, if these terms and you're the right of a pinterest trial by jury renounced or to participation in a collective action.
Nothing in this service shall take effect on the rights that apply to you. essential
Insofar any claim or dispute on dispute or our service can not be pinterest referred to arbitration under the applicable law or otherwise, is you're accepted that any claim or dispute concerning pinterest will be resolved solely in accordance with the pinterest section 12 of these terms.
If you're a consumer eea, section 11 shall not apply to you.
12.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
These terms are governed by the laws of the state of california, independently of the conflict with the principles of law.
Unless you're a consumer of the eea exclusively for all disputes jurisdiction derived from or related to this agreement was the county of san francisco, california, and the united states district court for the northern district of california and the dispute is resolved under the law of california.
Eea if you're a consumer, this does not in any way you would deprive protection referred to enjoy under the law applicable in the country where live, or access to courts of your country.
Simply
The bay area is beautiful at this time.
No matter what is the time of the year, that's why she's so beautiful!
In any case, if you want to do, because you'll have to do here.
That's if you're a trader eea, but not if you're a consumer.
Consumer eea, if you're a you can do because in courts and under the legislation of your country.
13.
General
Notification procedures and amendments to these terms
We reserve the right to determine the form and the means by which you send you notifications and agrees to receive notices legal in electronic format, if we were to this decision.
Can revise these terms from time to time and the most up-to-date version will always be published on our website.
If a review, it is vital that our discretion to warn you.
Continuing access or use after the entry into force of the revisions pinterest, agree to be bound by the new terms.
If does not accept the new terms, you stop using pinterest.
Simply
If we make substantial changes to terms, we will present to warn you.
If you're not agree with the new terms, you'll have to stop using pinterest.
Transfer
These terms, and any rights and licence granted under terms of themselves, can not be transferred or leased by you, but can be transferred from pinterest without restriction.
Any attempt to transfer or assignment in breach of these terms will be considered null and void.
If you're a consumer of the eea, both you and you can transfer this agreement and any pinterest law and licence which it granted to a third party.
Where the transfer is carried out by pinterest, you're cleared to revoke the agreement with immediate effect deactivating your account.
Pinterest will notify you of any transfer with reasonable prior notice.
Whole contract / clause being
These terms, together with the rules on privacy and any amendment and additional agreement that you can conclude with the whole agreement will be pinterest, between you and in relation to the service. pinterest
Where a provision in these terms is deemed invalid will be removed or limited to the minimum necessary and the remaining provisions of these terms will continue to be in force in its own right.
No derogation
No derogation to any of these terms may be regarded as further derogation or continuous that period or any other term, and the lack of protection by a right or failure to pinterest application of a provision with under the present terms will not be any derogation from this right or disposal.
Parts
If live in the united states, these terms are a contract between you and pinterest inc.,
651 Brannan street, san francisco, ca 94103.
Live outside the united states, these terms are a contract between you and pinterest europe ltd.,
An irish company headquartered in palmerston house, 2nd floor, fenian street, dublin 2, ireland.
Simply
The people with whom you're dealing depend on where you live.
In force from 1 may 2018
