Service
Introduction to the service of Quora
On Quora welcome!
Here is a brief summary of the main points of our terms of service:
Our mission is to share and increase knowledge.
The Quora offers a platform where ask questions and connect with people who can contribute to the speech with analysis and only responses quality.
This system gives people the opportunity to learn from one to another and to better understand the world.
You owner of content and publish at the same time provide both that to other users of the platform Quora certain rights and licences on the use of them.
The details of these licences are described in section 3 (c) that you will find below.
Are responsible of what you expose.
This includes a guarantee that the rights necessary for the publication of such content and the fact that the contents do not violate the legal rights of third parties (e.g.
Defamation) or any applicable law.
Reprint Quora extracted from elsewhere, can content provided apportion the content in question, properly and explicit the platform and to respect the rights of the po Quora (the person who has published the content), including any terms " not play.
Officially we do not endorse, nor the content in test, by users.
Our content and materials are provided in that state are (" as is ") and without any guarantees.
Six solely responsible for use you of platform. Quora
Posts published by lawyers, doctors and other qualified professionals should not be considered as a viable alternative to a professional advice on your specific situation.
Accepts to follow the rules of our platform.
Platform Quora when using the our service, accept at the same time, the privacy policy, the policy of using acceptable, the rules on copyright and the rules on trademarks.
We offer you the means to give us the feedback and making complaints.
If you think that someone had violated your intellectual property rights, other laws or rules, you can start a complaints procedure Quora through our contact or by using our instrument portal reporting procedure.
We are pleased that you want to be part of the platform and we expect you to read the words Quora service in full.
Service of Quora
Last updated: 23 october 2018
On Quora welcome!
Quora is a platform that enables people to acquire and share knowledge, to learn from one to another and to better understand the world.
These service (" service ") constitute an agreement (the agreement) between you and, inc. (" " Quora " us " or " we Quora ").
Rule you use of products and services we through our site and our applications (collectively indicated as " platform '). Quora
Please read carefully, because, using the platform, also in accordance with these Quora listen terms.
The mission of the platform Quora
The mission is share and increase knowledge. Quora
The Quora is a platform where ask questions and connect with people who can contribute to the analysis and quality speech with only answers.
This system gives people the opportunity to learn from one to another and to better understand the world.
Use the platform Quora
Who can use it.
It shall be prohibited the use of the platform by minors 13 years Quora.
User stated age in which they live, or within the jurisdiction otherwise, the parent or legal guardian should allow service and accept this agreement on its behalf, also must assume the responsibilities for use by the user.
Inclusion.
When making a profile on the platform, you will be asked to give some Quora information about you.
Accept us with the correct information, including your real name, when making your account on the platform of Quora.
Use personal data collected during the process of registration in accordance with our privacy policy.
We expect you to pay particular attention to the maintenance of confidentiality of your password.
Privacy policy.
Rules on privacy we are laid down in our privacy policy.
Utilisation platform Quora is subject to our privacy policy.
Policy using acceptable.
During your interactions with other users on the platform, agrees to always follow the policy Quora use acceptable.
Cancellation.
Can cancel your account at any time you want by going to settings of your profile and deactivating your account.
We reserve the right to cancel or suspend your account in the event of breach by your Quora any rules or for any other reason Quora.
Quora changes to the platform.
Always trying to improve your user experience on the platform of Quora.
We reserve the right to add or edit certain function without any prior notice.
Feedback.
We always welcome your feedback and your suggestions on how to make to improve the platform Quora.
Send us your feedback at http: / / it.quora.com / contact.
Inviandoci feedback, agrees to give us the right to our total discretion, to use, and exploit your feedback, otherwise divulge in whole or in part, freely and without any compensation.
Your content
Definition of " your content. "
Platform Quora allows you to add the post, text, photos, videos, link and file for sharing with other.
The material that loads, or to other users through the publish monsters platform is indicated as " your Quora collectively content. "
Recognize and accept that, as part of the use of the platform, your content can be displayed Quora from all over the public potential.
Properties.
You or your licensees, depending on the circumstances, maintain the ownership of copyright and other intellectual property present in your content, without prejudice to rights non-reserved us granted as listed below.
Licenses and permits to use your content.
By submitting the publication or showing the content on your platform, make Quora and its subsidiaries Quora worldwide, non-exclusive licence, free of charge, paid transferable entitled to (multi-level), for a sub-licence in case use, copy, play, prepare, adapt, modify derived from, create works published forward, store, display and distribute, translate, and make available to the public or make use in any other way, your content in relation to the operations or the use of the platform or the promotion, advertising or Quora the marketing of that, through any average or distribution channel (already known or later) developed.
Licence including the right to accept that this to make available to your content Quora other companies, organisations or individuals trading partners with whom enjoy a report because publish, collaborative Quora distribute, and make available to the public, provide or send such material via aired sindachino the platform or other media and distribution methods Quora.
This license also includes the right to other users of the platform to use, copy, play, Quora adapt, modify create works derived from, publish, distribute, translate, view and transmit and make available to the public communicate your content, subject to our terms of service.
Unless wishes allow translation of your answers by other users, you can deactivate the translation globally in settings of your profile or you can determine that certain answers are not translated.
After publishing a response to a request, it can be modified or removed at any time by public display at https: / / /, except in the case of respondents it.quora.com sent anonymously.
But we may not be able to control the removal of the response from the display on external channels or other methods on which has already been distributed outside https: / / it.quora.com /. reserves the right to remove the Quora suspect from your answers. spam
After publishing an application, it may be amended or deleted from other users or at any time. Quora
Changes and changes you have made may be visible to other users.
Law for play, publish, to copy Quora forward, store, view, modify, and distribute or use in any other way your post, and to those rights, is to third-party organizations sublicenza perpetuates and as much as irrevocable, permitted by the law, unless otherwise specified in this agreement.
Quora recognize and accept that can store and disseminate your content, as well as information related to, if it is required by law or established in good faith that such protection or disclosure is reasonably required for: (a) comply with legal provisions, judicial or government; (b) implement the present terms of service; (c) to claims that your violates rights content; (d) identify, prevent third or face otherwise fraud or other technical problems or security; or (e) protect the rights, the ownership or personal security, of its users or public Quora in general.
Understand and accept that we reserve the right to amend, adapt or create derivative works of your content so that it can transmit, display or distribute on computer networks, devices, services and on different media.
Also reserve the right to remove or refuse to publish your content, in whole or in part, at any time.
We provide also allowed and the authority to act as agent non-exclusive under enforcement actions to be taken against any unauthorised use by third parties any of your content outside the platform or in violation of our terms of Quora service.
Your responsibility to your content.
Publishing your content on the platform, and you guarantee that: the declares Quora) are the rights-holder concerning the content or you're in possession of all the authorisations and permissions necessary liberatorie to use the content and to give us your time use rights as provided for in this agreement and (ii) that the publication of your content does not infringe the intellectual property or individual rights of third parties and any applicable law or regulation.
Accept full responsibility for avoiding the violation of intellectual property rights or the individual rights of third parties or the violation of laws and regulations in relation to your content.
Are responsible for ensuring that your content does not violate the rules of use, the rules on copyright acceptable, policies on trade marks of, the other rules Quora or any law or regulation applicable Quora published.
Agrees to pay all fees and any other money, royalties due to any person because of your content.
Our content and materials
Definition of our content and materials.
All intellectual property rights present in or related to platform (specifically, but not Quora limited to, our software, marks, the logo, with exclusion Quora Quora is owned by your content) Quora inc.,
Subsidiary subsidiaries, including the and its content published by other users and that there have been granted on Quora licence (collectively, " our content and materials.
Data.
All data collected by " (data) use Quora platform to user or third Quora are owned by Quora inc.,
Subsidiary and its subsidiaries.
For reasons of clarity, " data " does not include your content and is considered to be in a separate compared to our content and materials.
Authorisations toward you Quora
You guarantee a licence limited and non-exclusive to use and access to our content and materials and data made available through the platform in connection with the use of your Quora platform itself, subject, however, the terms and conditions of this agreement.
Quora gives you a licence worldwide, free of charge, non-assignable, and not for exclusive access any content and materials reprint Quora in any other area of the web, provided that: (a) the substance in question were added to the platform Quora after on 22 april 2010; (b) the user who created the content had not expressly marked the content as " not " play on the platform of; (c) Quora does not alter the content; (d) you should give, in a text nominally Quora readable and fitted with a link to human users that is achievable bot (a < > html tags still), referring to the page of the original source of contents to https: / / it.quora.com, and that it found on every page on which are published our content and materials; (e) on request by a user, you remove or Quora the username content by user concerned subsequently made anonymous; (f
During the exercise of these rights, you can't say or imply an implicit or explicit, no connection, sponsorship or approval by Quora or any user of you and use you Quora labour, without separate explicit authorisation on our part.
We reserve the right to cancel your licence at any time and for any reason.
Have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to distribute any content found on the platform or remove the contents. Quora
Except rights and licenses granted in these terms, we reserve all other rights and we do not grant other rights or licences, or not. implicit
Permitted uses.
If manage a search engine, a web crawler, a bot, a tool for the scraping, an instrument for download mass, a package or an instrument of collection or wget extraction of data otherwise, you will enter the platform, but these additional rules: following Quora i) should be used headers descriptive; (ii) the user agent must follow robots.txt in your; (iii) any occasion access should not affect in any aspect of the functioning of the platform of Quora; (iv) must indicate clearly how can we reach you, both in the string of your user agent that on your site, if you have one.
No approval or verification.
Please note that the platform Quora access to goods and services, contains content created by third parties and offers interaction with third parties.
Participation or the availability on the platform is not equivalent to an endorsement or Quora a check on our part.
Not rilasciamo no guarantee or statement about the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of any content published on platform by anybody. Quora
Properties.
Recognize and accept that our content and materials remain property users Quora or itself. Quora
Content, information and services made available on the platform are protected by american laws and international Quora copyright on trademarks and any other form of laws, and you recognize that these rights are valid and enforceable.
Integrated service provider
You the opportunity to supplement another provider online service, as a service of social networks (" service provider "), integrated directly into your account on the platform of Quora.
Enabling another online service provider, you allowing switching to and receive from the service providers integrated information access and other data on the user.
For further information on the use, storage and dissemination by the information for the person and your Quora use you integrated services on Quora, please consult our privacy policy.
Note that the use of any service provider and integrated management by them of your data and of your personal information shall be settled exclusively by their terms of use by their rules on privacy and other rules that can use.
Further information on certain tenders present on the platform Quora
Summary.
You joining the platform when, the service includes receiving Quora a summary containing the questions and answers that might interest you more.
You can undo the receipt of the summary and change settings over other communication " and " profile e-mail notifications account, as described in detail in our privacy policy.
Advertising.
Quora includes the platform that can be compared to targeted advertising placements content or information present on the platform, the questions conducted through the Quora platform, or to other types of information Quora, to make them relevant to your person.
Types and the extent of disclosure are subject to change made by Quora
In because you grants access and use Quora of platform, accept that and its Quora Quora third-party providers and partners may include such advertising platform Quora.
If you want to become our, you will be prompted to conclude agreements inserzionista separated and the provision of services with us on additional advertising through the platform Quora.
Legal staff, doctors and other professionals qualified.
Some protest-related content users are part of the world of professions, such as the law, medicine and other types of assets (collectively, " qualified professionals ' professional).
Content published by qualified professionals should not be considered as a viable alternative to a professional advice on your specific situation.
Quora provides a model for the disclaimer qualified professionals can change and incorporate into their answers.
The ethics differs between the states or geographical areas and is the responsibility of qualified professionals and to determine appropriate for their profession and disclaimer content sharing.
Buttons, links and widget.
You permission to use buttons, links and widget, subject to these terms of service Quora (including disclaimer and the limitations of liability) provided that: (a) the use of those buttons, links and only to the platform gentlemen widget; (b) not modificherai Quora in any way, or these buttons, nor the code to widget links associated with it; (c) not using those buttons, connections or in any way involving widget or suggest endorsement, or recommend the site Quora sponsorizzi on which these buttons, links and are used; and (d) widget using these buttons, connections and, and the site which these widget buttons, links and are used, do not infringe the widget policy using acceptable Quora.
Resources and services to third parties.
The Quora platform also has to offer the opportunity to follow links to other sites or to interact with goods or services of third parties.
Take note of your sole responsibility and i assume all risks arising from the use of such sites or external resources.
Services requiring a separate agreement.
Some features or services may require the signing of a written agreement, separate and additional before it can be used.
Reporting violations of intellectual property rights, standards or other applicable laws Quora
We have a special procedure for reporting violations of intellectual property rights, standards or other applicable laws Quora
Rules on copyright and on trademarks.
We adopted and implemented the rules on copyright and the rules on trademarks.
For further information, including detailed information on how to send a request for removing if you feel that the content from the platform Quora your intellectual property rights violin, read our rules on copyright and rules on trademarks.
For complaints in respect of infringements of copyright and trademark, you can use the complaint form for the violation of copyright or the complaint form for the violation of trademark, depending on the case applicable.
Reporting other violations.
Certain content available on if this platform are in breach of the policy of using Quora acceptable or of the law applicable (except Quora violations of copyright and trademark registered) or other rules, you can send the following Quora complaint form for infringement.
We have no obligation to remove content that you might find personally dubious or offensive.
We commit ourselves to respond promptly to requests for removal of content, if it is consistent with our regulations and legislation.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
Read this section, as it limits responsibilities entities QUORA toward you.
Expression the " entities " is to represent QUORA inc., QUORA
And any subsidiary, subsidiary, otherwise related suppliers, and associated partners, as well as the official LICENZIANTI, managers, employees, officials and representatives of each of them.
Each of the following provisions shall apply to the maximum allowed under the applicable law.
QUORA thee the platform, together with our content and materials and the opportunity to connect with other people in the state in which is (" as is ") and depending on the availability (" as "), with no guarantees available whatsoever, nor explicit or implicit.
Without restricting the above, entities of exclude any further warranty of merchantability, QUORA title, accuracy and completeness, service continuous or free of errors, fitness for a particular purpose, a free, not violating the rights of third parties and any other arising from a particular performance of the contract, behaviour or regular commercial. customs
QUORA does not guarantee against and decline in each responsibility for: (i) the content in any user or third party; (ii) any site third-party, product third-party service or third-party mentioned or accessible through the platform QUORA, including a service provider integrated or a qualified professional; (iii) the good faith or the behaviour of third parties in which you could fall during the use of the platform; or (iv) access QUORA, use or unauthorised alteration of your content.
QUORA does not provide any guarantee that: (a) the platform will meet your expectations or needs; QUORA (b) the platform provides uninterrupted service, timely, QUORA safe or errors; (c) without results or information which you could get through the use of the platform, a qualified professional or QUORA any other user is accurate or dependable; or (d) the quality of any product, service, information or other type of material obtained from you or purchased through the platform QUORA is satisfactory.
Accept that, as much as permitted by the law, the entities will not be held liable toward you QUORA regardless of any assumption of responsibility.
Without restricting previously said, maximum permitted by law in terms you agree that the entities are not specifically responsible for any damage QUORA direct, indirect incidental, special or consequential loss of income, punishment, commercial interruption damage to reputation, loss of data (even if we are warned in good time of the possibility of such damage or where such damage were foreseeable) arising from, or in any way connected with the use of, or can not be used, the platform QUORA.
The sole and exclusive right the dissatisfaction with the platform is stop using the platform QUORA QUORA.
Without restricting previously said, the maximum overall responsibility toward you as regards QUORA loss or damage you suffered in relation to the platform or this contract is limited to QUORA amount paid in relation to the platform QUORA QUORA in twelve (12) months before the action that started the responsibility.
Some jurisdictions do not permit the limitation of implicit guarantees or exclusion of liability for certain types of damage.
Therefore limitations or exclusions referred to above may not be applicable to your case, in whole or in part, and these sections 8 (c), 8 (d) and 8 (e) can not be applied to residents of new jersey, in case the harm suffered by those residents of new jersey are the result of a fraudulent or negligent conduct, ill-considered intentional.
Compensation
User agrees to compensate, defend and exempt the entities from any claims and cost by Quora of third parties (including reasonable legal costs) arising from or relating to: (i) the use of the platform, (ii) your content, Quora iii) your conduct or your interactions with other users of the platform, or (iv) the violation of Quora any part of this agreement.
You'll be given promptly to these demands and you provide (at your expense) proper in the complaint. defend you
We consentirai to participate in the defence and won't solve any of these complaints without our express written consent.
We reserve the right, at our expense, taking defence exclusive any matter otherwise subject to compensation from you.
In this case, you don't have any obligation to defend ourselves to the point.
Dispute resolution
This agreement and all actions related to the use by your platform will be governed by the laws of Quora california state without about no provision of conflicts between laws or about your nationality or your country of residence.
Unless have been applied to arbitration as outlined in section following all claims, the legal proceedings or disputes arising and related to the use on your part of the platform will be submitted exclusively at the court of Quora santa clara county, california, and you listen to jurisdiction and the premises of the courts and abandon any objection the appropriateness of the court.
For any action for damages (excluding injunctions or other measures) credit under this agreement, and if the total amount of required equity premium is less than the $ 10,000, the requesting party may decide to settle the dispute through a binding arbitration without appearance in court.
Part electing that particular arbitration will arbitration by a supplier of alternative dispute resolutions said (adr), mutually agreed between the parties.
Supplier adr and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) arbitration is conducted by telephone, online and / or relying solely on written communications, as decided by leaves who initiated the arbitration; (b) arbitration does not cause any personal appearance of the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise agreed by mutual agreement between the parties; and (c) any judgement on arbitration award may be submitted in any court having jurisdiction in this area.
General
Any amendments to these terms.
We reserve the right to amend this agreement (including any rules, such as the privacy policy, the policy of using acceptable, the rules on copyright and the rules on registered trade marks which are incorporated in the agreement itself) at any time and at our sole discretion.
Materially if we adjust to this agreement, this change will be valid after the submission of the notification of the amended agreement.
If material change to the terms of this agreement, these changes are effective only after you've sent a notification in this regard.
You can view the agreement and our main policies at any time here.
Failure elimination of your account or disruption of using the platform, after having received the notification of Quora changes, will the acceptance of modified terms.
If they can not accept the amendments or the terms of this agreement will have cancel your account or stop using platform Quora.
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
Quora accepts that managed the united states and that it should be located exclusively in california and as a service for analysis liabilities court.
For any claims for which the arbitration is unenforceable, accept that these complaints are brought to court federal or state in santa clara county, california, and governed by the laws of the state of california and the federal law of the united states, regardless of conflict of laws.
Use outside the united states.
Quora does not issue statements or guarantees about the whether or not the platform Quora meets all the relevant laws and regulations applicable outside the united states.
Platform Quora if you use the outside the united states, understand and accept expressly be compliance officer with different laws, regulations and practices that can be applied in relation to the use of the platform of Quora.
Export.
Platform Quora is the managed and controlled through our offices in california (usa).
Software Quora shall be subject to export controls on the united states.
No Quora software can be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Themselves (1) not see you in a country subject to an embargo by the united states or government that has been designated by the government of the usa as " country which supports terrorism " and (2) not to be listed in any of the lists of persons prohibited or restricted by the us government.
Applications and mobile devices.
If join platform via one of the applications, Quora accept that this arrangement is Quora only between you and, and not with another Quora service provider or implementing platforms (e.g.
Apple inc.
Or google inc.),
That it can offer user application based on your terms.
Accessed insofar as the platform through a mobile device, could be Quora applied standard costs, charges and other costs data from your mobile phone provider.
Survival of terms.
The following provisions will survive to maturity or the termination of this agreement: section 2 (e) (deletion) 2 (g) (feedback), section 3 (your content), (a)-section 4 (b) and (d)-(f) (our content and materials), section 8 (disclaimer and limitation of liability), section 9 (compensation), section 10 (dispute resolution) and section 11 (general terms).
View user living in california.
Under civil code of california section, users living in california enjoy 1789.3 also the following specific consumer rights: notices on the platform Quora is provided by, inc., Quora
Headquartered in mountain view, california.
In cases of requests or complaints relating to the platform, contact at support Quora Quora @ quora.com.
Residents california may contact the care unit complaints from the department of consumer affairs of california at 1625 north boulevard, market, sacramento, ca suite n112 or telephone numbers 95834 + 1 + 1 or through 800.952.5210 916.445.1245 or a device for telecommunications for deaf to the number + 1 + 1 or 800.326.2297 916.322.1700.
End-users of the government.
Any proprietary software of and relevant documents constitute Quora trade in accordance with the definition of the term " article that it gives in 48, consisting of " cfr ยง 2.101 computer software trade " and " computer software ', as the documentation on the definition of such terms that it gives in 48 (cfr or 48 (227.7202 (cfr 12.212 where applicable).
Cfr 12.212 or 48 conforming to the 48 (cfr, as applicable (227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, the commercial software and documentation of commercial software are licensed to end-users of united states government: (i) only as commercial products; and (ii) exclusively with the rights that are granted to all end-users under this agreement.
Supplies.
You have no right to grant or transfer this agreement (or any right or obligation subject to this agreement) without our express written consent.
Any attempt to assignment or transfer, without having obtained the consent referred to above, shall be considered null and void.
We reserve the right to grant or transfer this agreement without restriction.
This agreement works to the advantage of and is binding on the parties and their respective legal representatives and successors. cessionari
Electronic communications.
Listen receive communications from us by e-mail in accordance with this agreement and the applicable law.
Recognize and accept that all agreements, communications, the disclosure and other communications that bring thee any legal requirement that these communications electronically will be in written form.
Complete agreement and separability.
This agreement replaces all the previous terms, agreements, debates and written relating to the platform is the entire agreement between you and Quora and us on the platform Quora (except for services requiring a written agreement separate with us, in addition to this agreement.)
If any provision of this agreement would be unenforceable, this provision does not prejudice the applicability of the remaining provisions of the agreement, which will remain in force in its own right.
Interpretation.
In interpreting the terms of this agreement, consider that: (i) securities of this agreement are only for convenience and should not be considered binding; and (ii) no presumption of work for one or both sides must be made as a result of role in drafting of this agreement. used avvocatizio
Notifications.
All notifications allowed or required under this agreement, unless otherwise specified in the agreement, should be sent in writing as follows: (i) if for you: via e-mail at associated to your account, and (ii) if for us: through legal @ Quora.com.
Notifications are notified (a) if for you: as soon as the e-mail sent, and (b) if for us: upon receipt of e-mail on our part.
Relations.
This agreement does not create any relationship with nature of joint ventures, or agency between the parties, or any other form of association between you and us.
Except as expressly provided for by this document, no party has the right, the power or authority to create any obligation or duty, explicit or implicit, on behalf of the other party.
Clause surrender.
No withdrawal of any of these terms must be regarded as an act of surrender or rolling that article further or any other of these deadlines.
Failure by any law or reported in clause Quora this agreement does not constitute a waiver to this right or in this clause.
Additional guarantees.
Agrees to produce a paper copy of this agreement and any other documents and to undertake at our expense, any other action we could in order to confirm and implement the richiederti purpose of this agreement and any other of your rights or of your obligations under this agreement.
Contacts.
Contattaci via https: / / it.quora.com / contact.
Quora is a company registered in the state of delaware, based in 650 castro street, suite 450, mountain view, ca 94041.
