These personal terms will apply as from 31 october 2021.
Click here to view the previous personal terms to be applied until 31 october 2021.
Account Revolut
1.
Because this information is important
This document sets out the terms and conditions of personal account account) and services (Revolut related, as well as to other important elements that customers have to know.
These terms and conditions, together with the page of committees, the privacy policy and any other terms and conditions applicable to services, constitute a legal agreement (the Revolut contract) between:
● the customer, as the account holder, and
● Revolut payments (a company incorporated in uab republic of lithuania with registration number to the register of companies and whose registered office and principal 304940980 is in konstitucijos pr.
21b 08130, vilnius, republic of lithuania).
The contract is undefined.
This means that is valid until is completed by the customer or Revolut.
Revolut is authorised by the bank of lithuania to issue electronic money under the law on electronic money and the electronic money institutions of the republic of lithuania (licence electronic money institution number 42).
The bank of lithuania is the central bank and the financial supervisory authorities of the republic of lithuania, whose address is gedimino pr.
6 01103 vilnius, republic of lithuania, register number (more information on the bank of lithuania 188607684 are available at the website, the bank of lithuania www.lb.lt can be contacted the phone number 50) + 370 800 500.
Revolut is also subject to the law on payment of the republic of lithuania governing its activities and responsibilities, the provision of payment services, the rights and obligations of customers and fees applicable.
Revolut work and provide services on working days of the republic of lithuania and only when those working days in the republic of lithuania coincide with the working days of the united kingdom (uk).
It is important that the customer understand how your bill. works
Is can request a copy of these terms and conditions through the jpa at any time. Revolut
If the customer wants more information could be useful to read the frequently asked questions of (but these questions are not frequent Revolut part of the agreement between the customer). and Revolut
2.
Type account Revolut
The account is a payment account holding the e-money customer and may contain electronic money in different currencies simultaneously.
Electronic money is an alternative electronic cash.
If the customer or another entity deposit money at, play a value equivalent to Revolut Revolut electronic money in the currency chosen by the customer or other person.
Revolut keeps on behalf of the client electronic money, which will be accepted by other persons as a payment.
When carrying out payments on external, electronic money is redeemed at its face value.
In these terms and conditions, the word " money " is used to indicate the electronic money.
3.
How to use the money on this account
If you have electronic money can be used on account services. Revolut
Can be e.g.
Send and receive money and other accounts and accounts Revolut non-revolut;
Change money from one currency to another (called a transaction currency exchange).
Currencies available may change; and withdraw cash payments occasionally through the paper and display information on the account Revolut and administration.
New features and new services are constantly added as reported by the app Revolut.
The way in which provides its services is through the Revolut mobile app Revolut.
Revolut but provides its services in other ways too, as through web pages, bees and other means. other app
These terms apply whenever and in any way in which the customer shall have access to services. Revolut
This means that apply to all the ways in which the client may access to a particular service, even if in these terms refers to access the service via Revolut a specified media.
E.g. when we talk of card payments, we are with a card payments Revolut physical, but also with a paper or a virtual addition to apple pay or Gpay paper.
4.
You can open an account Revolut?
In general, the opening of an account shall be reserved for older age Revolut under 18 years.
People aged 18 to which provides an account Revolut Revolut or any other service, Revolut terms and conditions will communicate the special applicable.
When client requesting the opening of an account, or his charge will information about Revolut to the client and the origin of money on deposit account.
This happens for a variety of reasons, including control of credit and the identity of the customer score and the fulfilment of obligations of legislative and regulatory Revolut.
Privacy Revolut information on how to use the information shows the client by for this and other purposes. Revolut
When Revolut has all the necessary information will be the start of the client's behalf.
The client can not:
Open more than a personal account; or Revolut
Revolut use a personal account for farm purposes.
If the customer wishes to use an account for farm purposes, will require a Revolut account business under the terms of business Revolut.
5.
How to obtain information on incoming payments and out of your account
You can check all payments into and out of your account through the app Revolut.
Revolut fails to make any changes to account information, which will be available through the app as long as the customer will remain so. Revolut
If the customer needs to keep a copy of the information after the closure of its account, may your account is still active and dumping it.
If the customer finishes his account and wishes to obtain this information may send an email to address Revolut feedback @ revolut.com.
You can also perform a download information at any time. by app
Revolut shall notify the mobile device at each customer payment in entry into or exit from the account.
The customer can off these notifications through the jpa but in this case, to check Revolut regularly its payments app Revolut.
It is important to know what the incoming payments and out of your account, and therefore it is advised not deactivate notifications.
Communication with the customer
Communications are generally through the app and are free of charge. Revolut
Other group entities may communicate with the client through the Revolut app whether this has been agreed with the Revolut customer and that entity.
In this way shall be provided with information on the account and on any fraud or suspected fraud, connected with it.
Told, if there is a threat to the security of the account.
Regular contact with the app for this information. Revolut
To ensure the safety of account is download the software for its latest mobile device and the version of the most recent as soon as available app Revolut.
Communications may also be carried out via text message and email: it is therefore recommended to monitor regularly the text messages and the email account.
Consensuses acceptances, approvals, and other declarations provided by the customer using the jpa will have the same Revolut legal validity of its signature on a written document.
Agreements customer with Revolut through the shall be considered as written agreements app Revolut.
Any instruction aimed at to conduct operations and other actions Revolut sent / carried out by the client through app is treated as sent / performed by Revolut customer and similarly of the actions executed by good customer.
Communications are usually in english.
Update of the information
Customer should maintain updated its data and to communicate to any changes to the information provided. Revolut
Found incorrect information will be updated by Revolut.
To meet obligations legislative and regulatory, may sometimes require further information concerning the Revolut customer (e.g. in case of increase in expenditure of customer).
Customer please provide this information quickly in order to avoid interruption of account or services Revolut.
6.
Mode account closing
The customer can close the account and thus terminate the contract at any time to through the app, comunicandolo Revolut at the headquarters of Revolut or an email sent to Revolut feedback @ revolut.com.
The client will nevertheless pay any expenditure accrued (e.g. in case of request for a charter). additional Revolut
Revolut may also charge the customer any revocation boards applicable to other contracts (for example, in the case of Revolut cancellation of subscription plus, or metal) premium.
Terms and conditions of, plus premium and metal is available here.
Revolut if the customer or close the account, offers the possibility of withdrawing the customer Revolut money held in its name (operation called e-money) ransom.
If the customer wants the money he sent in a currency other than that of resilience of the account, the currency at the rate prevailing Revolut convert at the moment, debiting his usual commission before the dispatch of money to the client.
Cancellation paper Revolut
If the customer change her mind and does not wish to the charter, it is sufficient that tell; Revolut Revolut will cancel.
How can i withdraw from the agreement.
The customer can withdraw from the agreement and thus put an end within the first 14 days of the opening of an account, through their to Revolut comunicandolo Revolut or an email sent to app feedback @ revolut.com.
The customer has the right to take without paying penalties and without indicating the reason.
On termination of the agreement, any balance remaining return to customer Revolut.
7.
What happens after the closure of account
Revolut holds sufficient funds to cover payments approved by the customer before the closure of account.
Will be paid even any amounts due from the client to during the period of account opening Revolut.
As access to their money after the closure of account
For eight years after the closure of account or the expiry of the charter, the customer may contact the Revolut customer service (feedback @) and ask the sending of money revolut.com still held in his own name.
Once closed her account, the customer can withdraw money only in the currency of his country of residence.
Security account
8.
Ways of protecting money
Revolut does not pay the money customer to others.
When aware of any payments to the client or the customer deposits money, provides the equivalent value of e-money Revolut on behalf of the client.
Revolut can quickly.
Put money on their accounts (), kept on isolated ring-fenced big global bank in the european economic area accounts isolated are separated by just Revolut); or money
Invest payment in low-risk activities held in a separate account from financial institutions.
This procedure is defined safeguards.
Safeguarding helps to protect the customer in case of insolvency of Revolut.
In that case a customer from separate accounts will reimburse administrator. Revolut
Unfortunately, the law does not allow to pay the interest the client and the Revolut money account is not covered by the deposit-guarantee scheme.
9.
Data protection security customer and paper Revolut
Revolut shall take all possible measures to protect the money of their clients.
And calls on the client to do likewise, maintaining safe its safety data and paper Revolut.
This means that the client should not take safety data near the paper and must protect them if you hide them or Revolut record or them retains.
Safety data must not be shared with subjects other than a provider of open banking, or third, provider operates in line with regulatory requirements.
For more information on providers open banking and see point 10 third-party providers of these terms and conditions.
Sometimes it's very easy to take the necessary measures to keep their money safe.
A number of suggestions are listed below:
Ensure down the when you use it and Revolut app
Keep protected the mobile phone and the email account and not allow others to use them.
If theft or loss of the charter, or if the paper or Revolut Revolut safety data could be used without the consent of the client, contact through the app soon. Revolut Revolut
If possible, it is advisable also stopped without delay the charter by the jpa or calling Revolut Revolut autonumber below.
If later it is found that there is a risk to the safety of the charter, you can break the deadlock. Revolut
Contacting Revolut
In writing.
Konstitucijos pr.
21b 08130, vilnius, republic of lithuania.
Block Revolut paper:
214 3608 (+ 370 5 apply standard charges of providers of telecommunications services).
Communication theft or loss of the charter or safety data Revolut
Revolut send a message to through the device by someone else. Revolut app
Send a message to Revolut through social media.
Send an email to address Revolut feedback @ revolut.com.
Telephone:
214 3608 (+ 370 5 apply standard charges of providers of telecommunications services).
10.
Payments and access to accounts via the " open banking '
The customer can use the open to access through the app banking accounts from other suppliers which owns Revolut and allow other suppliers access to its account Revolut.
Allow other suppliers of access to the account Revolut
The customer can allow other providers have access to data of their account or make payments for themselves.
Often these suppliers are referred to as " suppliers " or " open banking. " third-party providers
These suppliers will often be authorised by a regulator as the bank of lithuania or the regulator than any other country applicable.
If intends to make use of a provider of open or a provider should be third banking that the client requests data on these entities of their (if any) authorisation and the check (you can personally carry out such verification through the online repository company authorised by the bank of lithuania).
Access Revolut account through a provider or a third party is open banking provider at the terms and conditions for the use of account Revolut Revolut applied.
Revolut may need to block access to the client account by a provider of open or a provider banking (e.g. in the case of third fraud fears, in the absence of the requisite authorization or whether there are legislative and regulatory reasons to do so).
Here will inform the customer prior or Revolut as soon as possible thereafter.
Communication comes through the app or by mail, unless Revolut is not illegal to do or there are no safety reasons for not doing so.
Revolut unlocks also access provider third will be remedied as soon as the reasons for deny him access.
The client has the right to block access to its account to a provider of banking or open Revolut to a provider third.
If considers that a third-party provider is acting without his consent, the client will contact Revolut.
When customer addresses a provider or a third, open banking provider so authorises and allows him to access information account or make payments from the account Revolut Revolut on his behalf.
Arrangements information-sharing of client by on this and other Revolut privacy policy objectives are set out in of. Revolut
Jpa Revolut use to access accounts from other suppliers
App Revolut can be accessed through the accounts from other suppliers and make payments from these accounts.
Are services ' open banking ' offered by Revolut.
The latter is authorized to provide.
Uses where the customer services open to view the information of banking Revolut an account held at another provider) must authorize access to that account. Revolut
Revolut will not affect any data payment sensitive to authorise provided by the customer.
Once customer authorization to access to the account for information, Revolut:
Enters on behalf of the customer information of his account (such as details of the account, the history of the transactions and functionality of the account);
Analyse information of providing the customer an analysis of the expenditure (making, for example, suggestions on how to save).
Customer may revoke the consent at any time by the jpa Revolut.
How to use information client by on this and other aims are illustrated Revolut in privacy policy of Revolut.
Uses where the customer services open to banking to effect a payment by a Revolut account held at another provider) must authorize also perform this operation. Revolut
Revolut will not affect any data payment sensitive to authorise provided by the customer.
Revolut considers have received the agreement of the client and have been authorised to initiate payments from these accounts when the customer chooses to use a given service in app Revolut payment and when the customer has completed all the necessary information and requests and has sent in app Revolut.
11.
Restrictions on the use of paper or app Revolut Revolut
The customer is asked to act sensibly and responsibly when using the jpa or the charter Revolut Revolut.
Revolut the jpa or the charter should not be used Revolut (directly or indirectly):
Illegal for purposes (e.g. to commit fraud);
In a way that might be considered prejudicial to the capacity to provide services; Revolut
Only to send and receive money from a credit card.
Transactions designed to receive cash, except by a machine (atm levy);
To control or operate an account other than their own; Revolut
To provide the charter to other persons; Revolut
To allow anyone to access your account or or use them; app Revolut
For misuse, exploit or circumvent any restrictions on use laid down by service providers to which has been the charter. Revolut
For example, should be used only one card for a particular service providers that Revolut offers a free subscription or a probationary period; or
To carry out transactions in foreign currency for speculation purposes (i.e. to benefit from expected increase or decrease in value of a currency) or to exploit differences on the exchange market.
The customer is also invited to act in a respectful towards and personnel assistance, Revolut that is available to provide help.
Movements of money coming in and out
12.
Added money to account
You can add money to the account using a credit or debit card registered at (paper) or through stored called Revolut certified.
The charter should be stored to the customer. headed
In adding money by bank transfer should be used data account set out in the app Revolut.
Once received the money, the equivalent value of e-money Revolut add on client's behalf.
To avoid delays it calls on the client to follow carefully the instructions of the jpa.
Data account to be used to add money to the account of the funds in question will depend on the currency.
For example, if you want to add to the account money in pounds sterling (gbp), you must use data " account in pounds sterling " set out in the app Revolut.
If using a charter saved or a bank account denominated in a currency to add money to its account in another currency, the bank or the provider may charge a commission paper.
Revolut considers have received the agreement of the client and have been authorised to carry out the transaction once the customer sent the payment order app Revolut.
For more information on the addition of money in the account, consult the faq.
Hold cash into the account e-money
Once customer has added to its account in electronic money, money can transfer him between the various types of accounts secondary offered by Revolut.
For example, can transfer the money in electronic money between currencies or placed him in the piggy bank or wallet. staff
These are all secondary accounts account in e-money.
All rules which apply to the main customer account also apply to its accounts secondary, for example, may be accessible to debt collection agencies.
What happens in the case of insufficient account balance Revolut
Revolut knows that it is important to make payments from the cash account at any time.
Customer may authorise to add a specific amount of money Revolut to account by his paper where stored the value of money deposited in the account falls below a certain amount.
This operation is defined added automatically.
The client may cancel an automatic added at all times by the jpa or the provider of the charter. Revolut contacting
Limits payment
Because requirements anti-money laundering and terrorist financing or thresholds applied by third parties, could limit as the client may receive Revolut or pay by itself or as can withdraw or using its charter. spend Revolut
Also could limit the value of the currency exchange at a given time or a effettuabile period.
Limits vary from time to time.
Information on these limits are listed here.
Consistency of currency
It is important that any payments to the customer is made in the currency of the account.
Otherwise, the payment shall be converted.
This means that the amount credited to the account could be higher or lower than that planned.
In this case, it will not be responsible for any losses. Revolut
13.
Money transfer between accounts Revolut
You can send and receive money and other accounts Revolut.
These payments are defined transfers instantaneous.
All transfers of instantaneous are received immediately.
, You can perform a transfer on behalf of another user instant from the list of contacts in select Revolut app, using the toolbar username or Revolut by any other method of identification available and following the instructions displayed.
Piggy banks group
If the customer is a member of a piggy bank group will again, that make credit transfers instantaneous piggy bank.
A piggy bank group is one thing created and supervised by a single user Revolut.
All members of a group can see transactions of piggy bank and abandon it at any time. pot
Only Revolut that sets the user group (the owner) can piggy bank automatically display all transactions of piggy bank, close the piggy bank, add or remove other members and allow the members of the group to withdraw cash (or money-box withdraw their access).
Are advised to the customer enter into a piggy bank group or sends money to only if we trust the piggy bank owner as the owner of funds; if the owner at any time he stops being an account holder Revolut or his account frozen, then the client will not be able to access funds in group. pot
Shopping using pays with Revolut
Is also possible to execute a credit transfer instant to a holding which pays us with " to receive payments. Revolut
It can be done in two ways:
Require Revolut is possible to perform a transfer for a given amount from their instant account of a holding instantly or Revolut in a date or future dates (e.g., not to pay with the paper on the cash).
These payments are called " payments launched by the customer.
Can that be agree a holding by account customer transfers instant (for example, if Revolut it allows a company to collect payment from his account regularly for example for a subscription).
These payments are called " payments initiated by operator '.
Payments initiated by the customer
Payments initiated by the customer must be for an amount set.
The amount set will be a one-off payment.
Deactivate payments can be initiated by the customer to a holding at any time (recurrent but it will be necessary to do so the day before the date to annul).
In procedure payment or registration, will be asked to confirm and authenticate amount of a payment initiated by customer, and any recurrence thereof.
The holding will be paid only the amount confirmed and can not accept other payments without the permission of the customer.
Payments made by the operator
Payments initiated by the undertaking may be for any amount, but we must set limits on the frequency and the total value or individual payments initiated by undertaking that a company may collect.
Off payments can also be undertaken by the operator to a holding at any time.
However, if a company asks to collect a payment by the operator started Revolut from the client's account and this amount falls within the framework set, we're not asking the customer to approve it before proceeding.
Customer receives a notification in each time you run an app Revolut payment initiated by client or payment initiated by the operator from your account Revolut.
Protection when it pays with Revolut
Pays Revolut with is a service that offers businesses to enable payments Revolut directly from the client, without having to account Revolut provide details of the paper.
Revolut wants but with is a convenience and Revolut pays the customer and for companies.
So created a policy on protecting the buyer shall apply when performing a purchase using appropriate pay by. Revolut
Reimbursement payments initiated by the operator
Payments initiated by the operator is collected by the user's account according to a consensus provided previously.
Urge companies to inform the user the amount of any payments started by the operator before incassarli.
But if it is considered that from its account has been taken a payment by the operator in error, can be started within 8 weeks from payment requests its repayment.
To ask for redemption, you can contact via chat. Revolut
User experience within 10 working days if the refund is unsuccessful.
14.
Performance of other types of payments
Easy send money into your bank account or on anybody else.
It may be a one-off payment or payment set a claimant.
To this end, just enter the code of goodwill and the number of banking account (or, in the international payments, bic and iban) of account to which you want to send the money in the app and follow the instructions. Revolut
Can Revolut should also require further information.
Use paper Revolut
The charter also allows payments to be made or withdraw Revolut cash.
The customer can entering the data of its charter (the number of the charter, the Revolut expiry date and number) or his pin. cvc
Revolut will these actions as the agreement of the client to make payments or withdraw cash from your account.
The customer can also give its consent to make payments with his card: Revolut
Touching his card terminal (a transaction " contactless Revolut ") and more action on the paper making electronic reader.
No pin code is required for payments contactless up to a certain amount;
Signing purchase on receipt issued by the reader smart card;
Entering his card reader smart card and doing in Revolut something else that smart card reader without his pin code requires enter (e.g., when paying the toll, the costs of parking and so on);
Providing Revolut the number of your paper and other details. the launch of regarding payment orders with the debit about him when shall conclude an agreement with a dealer or providers of services; or
Providing the number of your charter and other details to the dealer or Revolut services providers and this payment by a method 3d authenticating secure.
This is a step that the client will make when using its purchases online, where a dealer or paper Revolut services providers has implemented this method.
Here, on the website of the retailer or service providers will pop-up where it is required to verify the payment and the client will receive a notification push on its app Revolut.
To complete the payment, the client will open the jpa and confirm the transaction.
When using the paper to make a levy from an atm Revolut or make a payment (e.g. in a shop or restaurant), considers the payment as authorised by the customer Revolut unless:
Client tell the money was stolen from the Revolut its own account; or
Customer considers that has not performed his instructions Revolut.
Revolut may apply a commission for withdrawals.
For more information, see page fees.
Revolut is not responsible for any losses in the event that payments should be reimbursed in a currency different.
Sometimes money that the customer is asked to transfer to a person is not Revolut paid on its behalf but returned to Revolut.
Where Revolut had to perform a currency exchange at the time of dispatch of payment and can show, when returns proceeded correctly in the original currency the money to the client riconverte.
This means that the amount on behalf of the client may be smaller than riaccreditato to payment (or could be higher.
Revolut is not responsible for any losses that derived to the customer.
Pay attention to enter data of the person that payment
To ensure that the data of the person receiving the payment is inserted correctly.
Otherwise payment could be delayed, or the money could be lost if sending the incorrect account.
Ensure to the person to whom we are paid.
When approached by someone who is required to make a payment in favour but was not sure of his identity or the purpose of the payment, it is possible that this is a scam and may not be able to recover Revolut money.
If the person that you want to make the payment does not receive the money, will not be responsible if payment is Revolut drafted correctly but the data supplied were incorrect.
Revolut will work, at the request of client to recover the money, but it might be easier in some countries than for others.
Contacting team customer care through the app, it is possible to obtain information on how Revolut recover the money, including the data of the person who actually received payment (if he has). Revolut
The european economic area consists of all european union countries, as well as norway, iceland and liechtenstein.
" Working day ' means a day in which banks are open and the republic of lithuania in the united kingdom.
Sdd
Depending on the place of residence, the customer may be able to carry out direct debits in euro from your account to bank accounts held in single area payments in euro (which includes all the eea countries plus switzerland), monaco and san marino).
These payments are defined sdd.
Bank from which the account is located on which should be paid the direct debit (the bank of the beneficiary) is responsible for to require the payment on expiry. Revolut
The customer can:
Limit the amount of a sepa direct debit or the frequency of payment from your account (or both);
Cancel sepa direct debits effected by his own account and
Choose to allow the payment of sepa direct debits only to certain persons.
This can be done through the app. Revolut contacting Revolut
If the client has set a sepa direct debit, the bank of the beneficiary will require the business day preceding the expiry date and payment to the bank will Revolut expiry date.
If the date of expiry falls into a non-working day for the bank of the beneficiary (normally a weekend or a public holiday), the payment to the bank the following working day. will
For sepa direct debits, see the faq.
Payments for services provided by other companies within the group Revolut
The jpa is more than a simple account Revolut electronic money.
Is a platform from which the client may access a wide range of services.
Not all services are provided by Revolut payments uab.
Some services are provided by other companies in the group Revolut.
In this case, the client must accept the terms and conditions governing these companies, separated by these services.
For example:
If the customer uses services, these services are provided by criptovaluta ltd and settled by terms & conditions Revolut for which have been accepted. criptovalute
Revolut does not provide these services and the client has no rights vis-à-vis Revolut on such terms & conditions for criptovalute.
Uses if the customer services of precious metals, these services are provided by Revolut ltd and settled by terms & conditions for precious metals which have been accepted.
Revolut does not provide these services and the client has no rights vis-à-vis Revolut on such terms & conditions for precious metals.
Uses if the customer services investment and savings, these services are provided by Revolut ltd and governed by the terms and conditions for investment & savings that have been accepted.
Revolut does not provide these services and the client has no rights vis-à-vis Revolut on such terms and conditions for & investment savings.
Uses if the customer services, these services are provided by Stays ltd and settled by terms & Revolut conditions for Stays that were accepted.
Revolut does not provide these services and the client has no rights vis-à-vis Revolut on such terms & conditions for Stays.
Any service provided by a company of another group.
Although Revolut does not provide these services, normally they involve the need to perform a payment from or to the account of the customer with Revolut e-money.
For example, when the customer buys or sells, will be made by a payment or criptovaluta to his account electronic money at for the. Revolut criptovaluta
Here credited or will be carried out on behalf of the client at debit, as required by other companies in the Revolut group on the basis of terms and conditions with those holdings approved by the customer.
Revolut sometimes can create an account in secondary e-money customer account if necessary for these services.
For example, if the customer uses services investment and savings, so that we can use these services will have an account secondary should pay.
15.
What happens if a payment was sent to the incorrect account, has not been sent at all or have delayed
Revolut will always try to process payments properly and on time, but there may be a problem and the payment may be delayed or not reach the person concerned.
If problem and:
The person making the payment for the client;
The bank account to which the customer wishes to make the payment, or
Retailer to which the customer shall make the payment;
Is within the eea, the customer has to communicate through the app Revolut Revolut.
Should such notification is as soon as possible and in any case within 13 months of the date of withdrawals from the account of the customer.
If the money is not received on account to which the customer has sent, will reimburse the payment on account Revolut customer.
If the customer has had to bear expenditure or interest as a result of error, will also reimburse these Revolut Revolut last.
If Revolut receives a payment in favour of the customer, but the money has not been paid in time on account, the amount of the payment immediately Revolut accrediterà account.
These rules do not apply to change currency.
What to do if the customer considers that it has made a mistake
Before making a payment of inserting the corrected data always check of the beneficiary.
Is always to undertake a payment test a reduced amount (e.g. € 1) to ensure that the information into account are correct.
Always give attention to:
Ensure always to know the person to whom we are paid.
When approached by someone who is required to make a payment in favour but was not sure of his identity or the purpose of the payment, it is possible that this is a scam.
Visible contacts in the app is taken from the names and the Revolut telephone saved by the customer on his phone, unverified data or Revolut or anyone else.
This means that if the telephone is stored the number or name wrong, payment will be to the wrong person and the customer can lose the amount in question.
Usernames visible in the app may be similar to other names Revolut users and be amended by individual users.
Revolut will take appropriate action to eliminate usernames, but neither inappropriate nor other Revolut will occur.
This means that if it is not certain that the person is who claims to be, the payment may come to the wrong person.
Revolut is not responsible for payment to the person indicated by the customer, even if the latter has provided the account number incorrect username or telephone number was wrong.
In any case, if the customer wants to recover its money, will endeavour to achieve this result. Revolut
Revolut permits, if the law may also attempt to obtain information on the beneficiary to the customer proves person to recover the money.
Trying these solutions, while does not have the desired result Revolut, and in some cases will fail to achieve this.
Revolut or what to do if someone else has made a mistake?
But if a payment is paid in error on account of the client by another person, Revolut the client will rimborsarlo.
If party made erroneously payment legal action start to regain the amount, may have to share the data of the customer Revolut.
For these reasons, always check the account regularly ensuring it works well.
16.
Send and receive money via a link payment
You can easily money to a friend that does not have an account by creating a " link " payment Revolut.
Link through a payment, it is possible to pay a certain amount without include details of the account on which will be paid.
Instead determining the amount, it shares the link and the recipient personally coordinates of their account. insert
To do so, should have access to the jpa, insert the card payments Revolut amount that is wishes to send, click " create payment " and send link the link to the man.
You can also create a link payment receive payments and send this link to my friend.
Once sent the link to my friend's friend will complete the link payment entering the relevant data.
Send money if the customer using a link payment must include in his friend link the details of their bank accounts.
Payment will be carried out in the bank account of his friend, as if the client had entered that data in the app personally.
Sometimes because of the size or the nature of the payment, the customer will be asked to join friend Revolut to complete the transaction.
Once it has carried out this operation, the payment will be carried out on your tab. Revolut
If the customer receives money using a link payment, the data must include friend of his card credit or debit in link within 24 hours.
Payment will be carried out by this charter.
Revolut may set limits to the amount that the customer may require using a link payment.
This limit will be shown in the app.
Revolut sometimes may need to ask the friend of the client to open an account in order to receive a payment for Revolut other reasons.
If that person not open an account, will not be able to Revolut Revolut or payment. accreditarle addebitarle
All links payments have a time limit.
Passed the limit, the link will expire and will not be able to make that person or receiving payment.
Revolut indicate what is the time limit in apple's app where the customer will create the link.
Client creates a link when the payment to send money, agrees to effect a payment without account. enter the coordinates
Payment will be made in favour of the person referred to have been placed in the data link.
Customer should be paid to where shares a link and with whom.
E.g., if the customer shares a link " send money " on the profile of a friend on social media, somebody else might click on the link and require in turn the money.
If the customer is worried about a link payment who created, can cancel (before it is completed) through the history of transactions as app.
17.
Exchange rate used
Further details on the fees charged by Revolut are reported in committees. page
Updated Revolut exchange rates may also be consulted at any time app Revolut.
Users plus can set standards and an amount of exchange rate this each month.
Amount set depends on the base currency of the customer and from that indicated by the committees. page Revolut
Users standards and plus an amount higher than that convert set, start pay a fee for the accurate use (does not apply to customers premium and metal).
Once converted a currency, the history of transactions as app will also show the exchange rate Revolut used by Revolut.
The exchange rate may vary between the time when the customer shall notify its intention to change currency and the Revolut when carrying out the conversion. Revolut
This means that if the customer asks a currency exchange could receive a Revolut amount slightly higher or lower than than expected.
Revolut shall not be liable: losses incurred as a result of money by the customer, or currency translation of committees or money objections losses due to the use of paper in another country and Revolut the customer's request the retailer's brand) (or the bank to carry out the conversion (the following list is an example of a client in lithuanian trip to japan.
When payment account in a restaurant, the client does the payment in euros instead of yen.
This means that asked the bank's brand to convert the currency.
Revolut can not be held liable if the bank applies an exchange rate worst or objections of committees).
18.
Cancellation of a payment or a currency exchange
You can undo a payment (including a payment or a recurring sepa direct debit) at any time, until the end of the working day preceding that of payment by himself.
You can not undo a payment on the same day in which must be taken from their own.
This means that you can not undo transfers between accounts Revolut.
Also you can not undo a currency exchange once Revolut received the request implementing by the customer.
Cancel a bank transfer is easy.
You can undo a bank transfer through the app Revolut.
19.
Time required to effect a payment
Revolut acknowledges that, when carrying out a payment, one of the most important aspects is the receipt by the recipient. point
Receiving the payment by the bank of the beneficiary depends on the time at which the customer shall communicate to the provision of payment and currency by Revolut payment wishes.
Down are given the timing of payment for. Revolut
All-time in these terms and conditions are based on the united kingdom is now greenwich mean time (gmt) from october to march and british summer time (bst) from march to october.
Instant transfer to an account: Revolut
The customer can provide their payment instructions at any time and will receive immediately. the Revolut
Payment to a bank account of someone else:
If the customer provides its payment instructions before 3:00 time (or 13:00) a day, vilnius Revolut immediately. the will
If the customer provides its payment instructions after 1:00 p.m. (or 3:00 hours a day, vilnius) Revolut the following working day. will
If the customer provides its payment instructions in a non-working day, will receive the following working day. the Revolut
Transfer to a bank account through link payment:
Customer can provide their payment instructions at any time and will receive the when the beneficiary shall enter the Revolut bank account details provided that this takes place (within 24 hours of dispatch of link payment by the customer).
Payment into a bank account in a future date (e.g. payment recurring):
The customer can provide their payment instructions at any time and will receive the same working day (the Revolut if payment must be taken into account by a day) or the next working day (if payment should be removed from the account in a non-working day).
The table below shows when make payments in different currencies. Revolut
If the currency of customer payment is eur or gbp:
Once removed from the client's behalf, the payment account of the payee reaches the same working day.
Any currency other than eur or gbp into a bank account in the eea (not in the united kingdom):
Once removed from the client's behalf, the payment reaching the account of the beneficiary until four working days.
Any currency other than eur or gbp into a bank account outside the eea area:
Once removed from the account of the customer, payment will reach the account of the payee as soon as manages to get the payment to Revolut destination.
The time required depends on where lies the bank of the payee.
Revolut if the customer requires an electronic money will receive currency exchange converted immediately.
20.
Refusal or delay of a payment by Revolut
Revolut should refuse to effect a payment, or delay payment (including the incoming payments and outgoing), in the following circumstances:
If legislative or regulatory requirements to prevent to make payments or pose to Revolut Revolut the need to perform additional checks;
If the customer has violated the terms and conditions present in a way that, in reasonable judgment, justifies the refusal or delay Revolut of payment;
If Revolut believes that the development of the disposal of the customer can violate the terms and conditions present or that this provision does not contain all the information necessary to Revolut for payment correctly.
Where the amount is higher, or would overrun, compared with a limit applicable to the client's behalf.
The limits are presented here.
If account of customer funds are not available sufficient to payment and to cover any expenditure;
If is issued a declaration of bankruptcy in relation to the client or if the customer has concluded an arrangement with creditors with creditors;
If, after making every reasonable effort is not able to make the Revolut paid in time;
If third prevent to make payments (e.g. Revolut if mastercard or do not allow a visa or a payment in cash by the levy of client); paper Revolut
Revolut if requested the customer important information which was reasonable and the customer has not provided need such information; or
If Revolut suspended the client's behalf.
Revolut may also refuse to issue a new card if the client does not have the account Revolut sufficient funds to pay the costs of issue or delivery of the charter.
REVOLUT refuse to make a payment (unless always tries is illegal or technically impossible) to disclose to the customer the refusal, the reasons for this rejection (if possible) and the procedure for correcting any factual mistakes that led to this rejection.
Such notification will be given to the customer as soon as possible after the refusal.
If possible, use the app to communicate the Revolut Revolut refusal to carry out a customer payment.
To know the reasons for the refusal and to resolve any problems, it calls on the client to contact through the app. Revolut
Revolut will not be responsible for losses incurred by the customer due to the refusal or delay the payment.
21.
Committees third for the execution or receipt of payments
Revolut does not charge for the reception of committees payments.
Revolut does not charge any commission nor for sending local payments in base currency of the customer.
Where payment in another currency or to another country, may charge a fee for cross-border payments Revolut or swift.
Fees Revolut are shown in page fees.
Before carrying out an payment customer will always be informed as to the possible application of the app Revolut committees and their amount.
Other banks involved, as the bank of the beneficiary or banks or intermediary banks in corresponding support transfer of funds between other banks) could sometimes retain their committees by payment sent or received.
This could mean that the customer or the payee of client will receive a costing less than planned.
Could, for example, receive only by an amount of € € 90 sent because the bank 100 sender charged a commission of € 10.
It could happen if:
The bank of person to whom or which sending receives a payment is located within the eea, and payment is made in a currency other than that of an eea member state; or
Customer perform or receives a payment to or from anyone whose bank is outside the eea.
Revolut let me be clear, not to carry out any commission addebiterà or receive payments, but correspond to the total amount received by customer always another bank.
Similarly will always the entire amount that the client to send requires; however, it can not guarantee that the entire amount Revolut will be paid on account of the payee without the debiting by committees another bank.
Procedure in case of problems
22.
What happens to the theft from an account?
Calls customers to inform as soon as possible through the app Revolut (and no later than 13 months after Revolut date on which the money was taken from the account).
Revolut will return the money on behalf of the client applies if any of the following conditions:
The customer could not know that his safety data or its charter were at risk of misuse; Revolut
Payment was due to a mistake by a person who is responsible; Revolut
Payment was taken after the customer informed that someone knew his Revolut safety data or that its charter had been lost or stolen, or Revolut Revolut did not delivered to the customer a means of notification;
To Revolut to follow the law required to some instructions on the occasion of customer payment available and has failed to do so; or Revolut
Customer made a payment for certain goods or services purchased online or through other indirect method (there are certain types of contract to which this might not be applicable, e.g.
Revolut rental accommodation; will provide the customer with more information about once made aware of the problem.
Revolut will also all costs incurred by the customer as a result of the levy on payment from your account.
Revolut will not to any reimbursement where the customer has acted with malice or omitted intentionally or wrongly to keep safe its safety data or the charter (unless the client does not Revolut had informed before taking the payment account by Revolut).
E.g. not to make a rebate if the customer Revolut has supplied to a person of his pin and that person has carried out a paper Revolut payment with the charter unbeknownst to the customer.
23.
Possibility block account or paper by Revolut Revolut
Safety your money is important for Revolut.
Revolut can prevent the customer to make payments from the account card if it has reasonable fears Revolut on the safety or the scope for fraudulent use or without the consent of the client.
Revolut may also have to block the account of the customer or the charter to meet the legal obligations arising from Revolut laws of the republic of lithuania.
Revolut shall inform the client through the jpa or as soon as possible after the first Revolut block account jpa or paper Revolut Revolut.
Revolut they will also inform the reasons for this block (unless it does not reduce safety or the customer is illegal) or Revolut.
Revolut unlocks the client's behalf as soon as the reasons for blocking will no longer exist.
24.
Possible suspension or termination of the client's account by Revolut
Revolut closing or may immediately suspend the account (including access to services provided by other group entities Revolut) and terminating his access to the website of Revolut, in exceptional circumstances.
Exceptional circumstances include:
Revolut has good reason to suspect a fraudulent behaviour but criminal of the client;
The customer did not afford (or someone acting on Revolut account of the latter) the necessary information, or has valid reasons for considering that the Revolut information supplied by the customer is incorrect or untrue;
Customer violated the terms and conditions so severe or persistent and there has remedied within a reasonable time of the request of; Revolut
Revolut has information to believe that the use of app by the client would damage Revolut to or its software, its Revolut systems or its hardware.
Revolut has valid reasons for considering that a continuation of the use of account by the client can damage the reputation or his goodwill.
Revolut asked the client repayment of debt and the customer not has provided within a reasonable time;
The customer has been declared bankrupt; or
Revolut had to close the account the virtue of law, regulation, order of the court or instructions of an ombudsman.
Revolut also may decide to close or suspend the client's behalf for other reasons.
Revolut will in that case, the client through the app Revolut contact in advance at least sixty (60) working days.
Closure of his accounts and the termination of the contract may also put an end to any other existing contract between the customer and or by Revolut Revolut.
For more information, see the jpa Revolut or contact Revolut.
25.
Amendment present terms by Revolut
Revolut change these terms and conditions only for the following reasons: considers that this will facilitate understanding Revolut or will be better for the client; to reflect the way it is managed activity, in particular if the amendment is Revolut necessary due to a change in terms of delivery of a financial system or a technology; to reflect the legislative or regulatory requirements applicable to; to reflect changes in costs Revolut management activity; or because are modifying or Revolut Revolut by introducing new services or products that affect the services or products covered by the present terms and conditions existing Revolut.
Information with regard to amendment
If Revolut adds a new product or service that does not alter the terms and conditions of the client's account, may add the product or service immediately and inform the customer before use.
Otherwise Revolut, will provide the advance customer at least 60 days through the app and / or via email before Revolut any changes made.
Revolut assumes that the customer accepts the amendment, unless submits its intention to close the account before the change takes place.
26.
Redemption rights of customer for card payments and Revolut sdd
Card payments Revolut
The customer may request the repayment of an amount taken from Revolut behalf if all the following conditions:
Customer agreed to the withdrawal of a payment, but not agreed on the actual amount thereof.
The amount charged is higher than that required by customer in all circumstances reasonably (including spending pattern of customer);
The payee is located in the eea;
The customer has not authorised payment directly from; Revolut
Revolut payees and did not provide the client with information on payment during the four weeks prior to their collection and
The client would repayment to eight weeks after drawing by Revolut payment from an account.
E.g. customer could repayment if gave permission to charge a hotel on paper, but of all the expenditure Revolut the hotel charged a minibar higher amount than reasonably foreseeable when granted by the customer such authorisation.
Revolut may require further information to the client to investigate the matter.
Revolut to make a rebate, or will inform the customer because we can not shake, within 10 working days from the date on which the customer has provided the requested information.
Sdd
Customer undergoes a if the sepa direct debit, need not apply the conditions set out above.
Customers will be entitled to a refund if full contact within eight weeks from the date of collection Revolut payment from an account.
Refund repayments
If Revolut makes a reimbursement and is subsequently that the client had no right, the client will return it.
27.
Revolut responsibility in case of problems with the client's behalf, paper or Revolut app Revolut
Revolut will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that its services are not interrupted and are accessible at a reasonable pace.
Permanently guarantee may not, however, nor can it ensure that the services will be free from defects.
Revolut can also rely on third parties for the provision of services to the client, which can sometimes result a disruption of services.
Revolut will always every effort to resolve any problems with your services, irrespective of cause.
Paper Revolut, if the customer has a possible changes to the system informs it of Revolut affecting the possible use of the charter.
Revolut won't be responsible for losses from non-respect of its obligations to make payments into or exit from the client's account due to: legislative or regulatory obligation; outside the control of unforeseeable events, which at the time was inevitable; Revolut criminal actions or any other illegal use of third with damage to the client or any other person (if not specified directly in these terms and conditions); or block account in the implementation of legal requirements, including those relating to the anti-money laundering and terrorist financing.
If the customer can not use the paper for any reason, the sole responsibility Revolut of against the customer is the replacement Revolut thereof.
Revolut will be responsible for losses exclusively predictable.
If breach of contract by, the commission will be responsible only for Revolut losses that could have predicted at the time of signature of the contract or for losses resulting from fraud or gross negligence of. Revolut
Revolut shall not be liable to the customer for any of the following events, direct or indirect, incurred in connection with the present terms and conditions: foregone income; loss of or damage to the reputation of the client; start-up loss of contracts or business opportunities; losing deemed savings, or consequential loss.
Nothing in these terms and conditions or restricts the responsibility to delete Revolut death or personal injury arising from conduct of, or intentionally or unintentionally Revolut claims and fraudulent statements.
28.
Debt customer to Revolut
The client can not borrow money on their own account (e.g. payments amount exceeds the value of funds held), although may benefit from one of the products credit. Revolut
Customer becomes negative if the balance (e.g., because the customer does not have enough money to cover the fees), the electronic client must within 7 (seven days at the request of his account with the amount Revolut reload necessary to correct the deficit.
Where debt customer to, can retain the amount due Revolut Revolut customer from any amount owed by the client. Revolut
Compensatory Revolut is defined this right.
Fees or other amounts payable by the customer to (other than third party committees Revolut the execution or receipt of payments)
Fees due to the client are listed in the page of the committees. Revolut
Owes Revolut where the customer is committees (other than fees for the execution or receipt of third payments) or any other sum Revolut the amount due from the client's account shall levy, in the currency of the country of residence of client (the base of the customer).
If funds held on account in base currency of the customer is not sufficient, the equivalent value funds held Revolut levy in another currency.
If money account are not sufficient to pay the fee or other amounts payable by the customer to, reserves the right to recover the Revolut Revolut amount in another way, as described below.
The client may be responsible for the payment of taxes or charges applicable to payments made or received through its account and whose collection is not responsible. Revolut
Sometimes, for example, if the customer is legally resident in the republic of ireland or pull money through an atm in the republic of ireland, the amount of the tax may collect Revolut stamp until legal maximum agency of revenue irish revenue commissioners,).
Should therefore customers to see for themselves.
Owe Revolut if the customer has not reload the account or not firm and said debt within seven days, can recover the amount in ways Revolut:
Taking the amount payable by the charter of the client; stored
Exercising the right to compensation Revolut; or
Taking individual measures for the recovery of the sum due, for example by a law firm or a company debt collection.
If Revolut takes any of these actions (or all) may the customer costs at reasonable addebitarne.
29.
Client's responsibilities for loss of Revolut
The client may be responsible for losses in respect of certain Revolut
In case of violation of these terms and conditions by the client and / or loss suffered by, the following shall apply: Revolut
The customer is responsible for the loss suffered by expected as a result of actions by the customer Revolut (will minimise losses Revolut); and
Customer will also be responsible legal expenses reasonable, as a result of losses incurred by Revolut derived.
30.
Arrangements for the submission of a complaint
If the customer has not been met service, will remedy Revolut
While getting his best, is aware that things can sometimes Revolut don't go as planned.
For lodging a complaint, the customer is asked to contact Revolut.
Revolut accept and will consider any complaint sent by the customer.
Final response to the complaint of the client or a letter Revolut which explains why the final answer has not been completed, will be provided to the customer within 15 working days after the complaint and, in exceptional circumstances, within 35 days (will be communicated to client if this is the case).
Authority adr for complaints relating to financial services
If the customer is not satisfied with the way he dealt with the complaint, may his Revolut go back to the bank of lithuania within 1 (a) year from the date of dispatch of the complaint.
In this case, the bank of lithuania out-of-court dispute settlement authorities will act as that deals with disputes between consumers and suppliers of financial services.
Address Žalgirio is: g. 90, republic of lithuania. 09303 vilnius
For more information, see the on the website.
If the customer wishes to have the opportunity to go to the bank of lithuania as authority out-of-court dispute resolution, must submit the complaint to within three months from Revolut day when he discovered or should find out the alleged violation of his rights or legitimate interests arising from the contract with Revolut.
The examination of the complaint with the bank of lithuania is free.
Authority to out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes outside the competence of the bank of lithuania is the state authority for the protection of consumer rights.
Address vilniaus. 25 g is: vilnius, republic of lithuania 01402.
For more information, see the on the website.
The customer can also rely on mandatory standards of consumer protection of the country the european economic area in which they live.
The client may also file a complaint with the respective authorities of out-of-court dispute resolution operating consumer complaints in his country in relation to the financial services offered by Revolut.
The list of those authorities is available here.
Authority adr for complaints relating to the processing of personal data
The client has the right to submit a complaint to the state inspection in the data protection (), the supervisory authority lithuanian SDPI problems for data protection.
Address Sapiegos g. 17 is: l., vilnius, republic of lithuania; 10312 email: ada @ ada.lt.
For more information, see the on the website.
More information
Click here for more information on the procedure for the administration of complaints.
Arrangements for the submission of a complaint
If the customer wishes to only talk to somebody a problem which it is concerned, it may contact through the app Revolut Revolut.
Usually issues are resolved quickly by app.
Is likely to customer should provide the following information: Revolut
If you wish, the customer may submit a complaint using this module.
Or send an email to formalcomplaints @ revolut.com.
Should be provided the following information:
Name and surname;
Telephone number and email address associated with the account;
Description of the problem.
When arises the problem.
Mode problem desired by the customer.
Revolut will examine the complaint and respond to the customer via email.
Communication with the customer will be in english, unless otherwise indicated. of Revolut
Notwithstanding the above, the customer is always the right to go to the authorities of out-of-court dispute resolution referred to above in respect of any complaint on service Revolut.
Revolut if it considers that has broken the law, the customer is also the right to apply to any competent court.
Legislation
31.
Revolut permit the processing of personal data client
To deliver services covered by the contract, to collect information concerning the customer Revolut.
Under the law on data protection, is the " treatment " holder Revolut of personal data of the customer.
For more information on how to use the personal data of the customer, Revolut see the privacy policy of Revolut.
Signing the contract, the customer gives its consent to the collection and storage Revolut of his personal data in order to receive services from Revolut.
This does not affect the rights and obligations of the customer or under law Revolut on data protection.
The client may withdraw its consent with the closure of account, which will result in the termination of the contract between the customer. and Revolut
In that case, will cease to use the data of the customer Revolut in order to provide their services, but it may need to retain such data for other legal reasons.
Confidentiality
Signing this agreement the client gives permission to disclose other Revolut group entity Revolut (including bank ltd) and Revolut uab Revolut:
The fact that the customer is a customer Revolut;
Revolut provides services to the client;
The account number;
The balance of account;
Operations or to be carried out on behalf of the client;
Obligations Revolut debt client with;
The circumstances in which provides financial services to the client; Revolut
The financial situation and the assets of the client;
Other business information that the customer is provided at the time of opening of the account; Revolut and
Activities plans, debt obligations or transactions of the customer with other people.
Information above would be disclosed where is necessary for the implementation of financial accounts, control, the risk assessment or when used information systems or common technical equipment (server) or when it is necessary for the provision of services.
This is called " secret " customer and from Revolut must be protected as required by the applicable legislation.
Accepting agreement client includes where, and confirms that has not changed its preferences in, if is present in the app Revolut list of contacts other users, these users will be aware of the Revolut that the customer is a customer of Revolut.
The client can change his preferences at any time.
32.
Intellectual property Revolut
All intellectual property products (for example, the content of the Revolut app website, the logo and the design of the charter) is Revolut owned by the parent company, ltd (a company incorporated in Revolut england and wales with number register of companies, whose registered office is in 08804411 7 westferry circus, canary wharf, london, e14, united kingdom) and is used 4hd and other companies in the group by Revolut Revolut.
The client should not use this intellectual property as his own, except for use of the products. Revolut
Execute reverse-engineering shall also be prohibited products (i.e. after a detailed examination Revolut make copies of their manufacture or composition).
33.
Legislation
Contract client with Revolut
Contracts exclusively for customer and Revolut confers rights.
The contract's staff and the customer can not outsource the rights and obligations arising from it.
Right transfer and sale Revolut
Client allows the transfer or lease to third parties all to Revolut its rights and obligations under the present terms and conditions.
Revolut transfer rights and the obligations and customer covered by the contract only if this will not have a significant negative effect on the rights of customer under these terms and conditions or if it has the need for compliance with a legal obligation or legal.
By Revolut transfer of rights and obligations is defined as " novation. "
Transfer Revolut exclusively by rights is termed " transfer. "
The customer can end the account in electronic money after notification of the award.
Apply the lithuanian law
Laws the republic of lithuania shall apply to the present terms and conditions and the agreement.
Despite this, the client can still rely on mandatory standards of consumer protection of the country the european economic area in which they live.
What matters is the english version of the contract
If the terms and conditions are translated into another language, present translation is out for your consultation and authentic the english version.
By concluding this agreement and accepting services, the user to understand the confirmation Revolut english and agrees to communicate with english as regards the Revolut legal relations arising from this agreement, even as regards the presentation and the resolution of any complaints.
Revolut right to rely on the contract
Where customers have violated the existing contract with the latter and refrain from making Revolut assert their rights, or delays in to enforce those rights, that does not prevent to enforce those rights, or Revolut any right, later.
Starting legal action against the customer Revolut
Legal actions under these terms and conditions may be brought only in the courts of the republic of lithuania (or in the courts of any member state of the european economic area of residence of the client).
Supplement under personal Revolut payments uab
1.
Issue of this supplement
This is a supplement (supplement) under personal agreed with the customer, about the foreign account Revolut electronic staff with the account of electronic currency (Revolut customer).
This supplement shall apply if they shall sign a overnight deposits of Revolut bank account bank). (uab Revolut
Describes how the money is sent among the account electronic money and the holding account overnight with bank. Revolut
Holding account overnight with bank is governed by the terms of separately Revolut overnight deposit of bank. Revolut
That is a supplement means that is adding to the personal terms that the client has agreed with, but they don't change. Revolut
This supplement begins to be applied once accepted by the customer.
Revolut may provide the services described in this supplement if the customer did not accept this.
Uab revolut payments is a company established and registered in the republic of lithuania with number register of companies and whose registered or head office 304940980 is konstitucijos pr.
21b 08130, vilnius, republic of lithuania (Revolut) payments.
Revolut is authorised to issue electronic money and to carry out payment services by the bank of lithuania.
The bank of lithuania is the central bank and the financial supervisory authorities of the republic of lithuania, whose address is gedimino pr.
6 01103 vilnius, republic of lithuania, website www.lb.lt, telephone number + 370 800 50 500.
If the customer is in possession of a credit card, this supplement is not applied and has no effect on any changes account secondary account electronic currency which are linked with the Revolut a credit card issued under the terms of credit card (if any).
In accordance with the terms of the credit card, the balance of the account secondary account in electronic currency with is separated from the balance of the account Revolut overnight deposits.
2.
Money movements into and out and added money
This section describes how the money will be automatically transferred between its customer account overnight deposits at bank and his account in Revolut electronic money every time a payment is made or received on his behalf in electronic money account (other than overnight deposits at bank). Revolut
What happens to the money exists?
Where the customer accepts this supplement and registers with bank, shall transfer the balance existing Revolut Revolut of his account in electronic money with his deposit account in payments Revolut view with bank. Revolut
This means that by accepting this supplement, the customer to shift the balance of existing Revolut instructs his account in electronic money to his account overnight deposits with, as described in this supplement Revolut bank.
What happens if i skip a payment?
Whenever client, or someone else, send money account e-money customer, the transfers on its deposit account Revolut overnight with Revolut bank.
This happens every time the client add money (as described in section 12 of personal terms).
Revolut will make these transfers as soon as possible.
This means that the money will be required on account of customer e-money only temporarily.
Accepting this supplement, the customer to set the payments by its instructs Revolut account electronic money to his account overnight deposits with, as described in this supplement Revolut bank.
Money sent account overnight deposits of customer with bank will be held by bank Revolut Revolut under the terms of overnight deposits that the customer has agreed with Revolut bank.
Money is not held up by (except when changing account temporarily Revolut e-money customer).
What happens if sending money or a payment? i'm on
Whenever customer sends money through the app (for example, i send to Revolut a bank account third), pays a commission for a service (such as a monthly fee for metal Revolut or an insurance premium) or perform any type of payment using (such as a direct debit, a Revolut link payment or anything else) to send a request for instructs Revolut immediately debit to bank deposit account by requesting funds Revolut overnight equal to the sum of money needed for payment.
Once the amount applied for is sent by holding account overnight to account e-money customer, will issue electronic money and pay immediately Revolut immediately the recipient in accordance with the personal terms.
Whenever client makes any payment under its charter, to send immediately a Revolut instructs request debit Revolut to bank funds from your account of demanding Revolut overnight deposit equivalent to the amount needed for payment.
Once the amount applied for is sent by holding account overnight to account e-money customer, the client will issue electronic money immediately.
This money, however, will remain in account e-money customer for a short period of time until will be paid to the card system.
As the client will have spent the money, will not be available to be spent again.
As can be seen when the client sends or spends its money, money remains in his account electronic money for a period of time is very limited, since leaving the holding account overnight at bank until he gets paid Revolut.
What happens if i add money?
The customer can add money as described in section 12 of personal terms.
Whenever ago, will be the money like any other Revolut money sent on account of the customer, as described in section " what happens if i get a payment?
Up.
The client can still use the function of automatic described in section 12 of added personal terms.
Whenever balance " recall " account overnight deposits at bank falls below the amount Revolut set by the customer, the function of automatic added to account (the significance of add money account ' " is described in section 3 mentioned below).
Effettuo what happens if a currency translation?
Revolut asks if the customer to carry out a conversion of currency using the jpa, to send immediately a Revolut instructs request debit Revolut to bank funds from your account of demanding Revolut overnight deposit equivalent to the amount necessary to perform the conversion.
Once the amount applied for is sent by holding account overnight to account e-money customer, will issue electronic money and will immediately Revolut conversion into account e-money, so will the amount converted to account overnight deposits of the customer with bank. Revolut
By accepting this supplement, the client to send the amount converted to Revolut instructs its deposit account overnight at bank, as described in this supplement Revolut.
If the customer makes a payment that triggers a currency conversion, within the meaning of personal terms (e.g. something in a shop buys in using the paper, but on the gbp Revolut holding account overnight currency has only eur), will the conversion of currency when the Revolut money comes account in electronic money from overnight deposits into account of the customer and prior to the payment to the shop.
3.
What show the balance of account and the history of the transactions of customer?
Revolut keeps track of all the money sent between account overnight deposits with the bank account in electronic money and Revolut.
Using this information, " remember " the balance of account overnight deposits at bank customer. Revolut
Balance shown to the customer in total balance " app Revolut is remembered " account overnight deposits at bank and any available balance in Revolut account in electronic money of the customer.
This balance is used because the two together represent the total amounts that the customer is available to spend.
This is also the balance that through the bees open banking gives Revolut where the customer uses a third-party provider for access to the account.
To ensure that the information that is displayed by are correct, the customer accepts the Revolut right to receive information on its behalf of Revolut overnight deposit (including information on any blocks or restrictions on account of overnight deposit and the related reasons.
The client also accepts that can send the same information to Revolut bank on their own account in electronic money Revolut.
History transactions displayed in the app will include all payments made and received Revolut by the customer.
However, not to complicate matters, not show transactions between the automatic Revolut account overnight deposits and the account e-money customer described in section 2 in the history of transactions.
This information will be shown, in statement of transactions.
E.g., if the customer € 5 with his paper Revolut spends in a store in the shop will see the purchase made in history of transactions, but will not see the transaction automatic overnight deposits from your account to his account in electronic money.
Customer may request a statement of the automatic transactions, but this supplement accepts that signing these transactions will not be provided through the screen history of transactions as app or notifications. push through Revolut
4.
When could finish this supplement?
What happens if i an account overnight deposits with Revolut bank?
This supplement is an agreement on how the money is moved between the account overnight deposits at the bank and account e-money Revolut with Revolut payments.
If the customer does not have a deposit account overnight, is unable to provide these services. Revolut
Therefore whether the account overnight deposits of client is closed, also ends this supplement.
The rest of personal terms will continue to be applied and provide their services on the basis of Revolut these terms.
What happens if i finish this supplement?
If the customer wishes to finish this supplement, but wants to retain its account in electronic money, can pass this on to through the app Revolut Revolut.
To end the supplement is required prior notice of 10 working days.
When completed, the personal terms will continue to be applied and provide their services on the basis of Revolut those terms.
