Hrt service (" ")
Effective date: april 13th 2022.
Welcome.
These service (" ') shall apply to you and hrt in corporation, based in Rovio entertainment 7 02150 espoo, finland, Keilaranta (" ") as regards the use Rovio by your games, web sites, discussion forum and related services of the ' services '). (Rovio
Also use services is governed by the privacy policy of Rovio (available at https: / / / privacy), incorporated under www.rovio.com reference.
User us residents, these hrt contain a clause and a binding arbitration clause renunciation of the collective action in the section " binding arbitration / renunciation of the action, which affect your class " rights regarding mode settlement of disputes.
Risiedi if the united states, you are suggesting that you read it carefully.
Renouncing your except in the cases and subject to certain types of disputes described in section " binding arbitration / renunciation of the class action " accept that any disputes between you and will be settled by arbitration and binding individual Rovio abandoning the right to take part in any legal proceedings or arbitration class collective.
These hrt you have to accept as a prerequisite for the use of services.
If accept these, claims to have at least 13 years hrt.
You aged 13 to 17 years, or for other reasons you do not have the necessary authority to conclude agreements like this, your legal guardian hrt declares that, or the holder of parental responsibility, examined and accepted these hrt.
Using entering or otherwise services, accept the present hrt.
The rejection of these will that your of hrt use the services or otherwise access.
Unless otherwise specified, the services do not require the payment of money for the use or the download, but may contain function you allow purchases within their services.
You may need to have a connection to the internet for access or use the services.
Will be responsible for all expenditure or mobile internet connectivity that could support or using services by going.
Accessing service platform third, like facebook or another social networking site, agrees to comply with the terms of such a platform service, as the present hrt.
Rovio could publish further terms or in relation to individual information services or specific components services (including, for example, but not exhaustive forum, competitions, lotteries or customer loyalty schemes).
Your right to use the services is subject to such terms and relevant information, and to present hrt.
1.
Right to use services
Subject acceptance of present hrt, grants, not exclusive right you Rovio non-transferable not limited, as well as a licence to the and sub-licenziabile using services for personal use and not trade.
Rights you granted is subject to observance by your present hrt.
Prejudice expressed above, you're not granted any licence.
Rovio retains all rights, licences and interests in services and on them, including, for example, and non-exhaustive all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, rights owners, patents, licences, computer codes, audiovisual issues characters, effects names characters, stories, dialogues, environments, graphics, sound effects, musical works, records of consignments made using the services, moral rights, or not, and recorded all their applications.
Unless expressly authorized by the law applicable, services can not be copied, reproduced or in any way or no way distributed, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Rovio.
Rovio reserves all rights not specifically granted in this document.
Services and their content is licensed, not sold.
Accept has no law or title on any content that will be in services, including, for example, but not exhaustive objects appearing services or virtual from services, irrespective of whether they are obtained in services or acquired from or its partner. authorised Rovio
2.
Purchases services
Rovio concederti licensed can certain goods or other content (such as virtual, for example, objects or currency game), which can be used within their services and you can buy with real money or gain or through the game (the " redeem virtual objects.
Articles virtual you are licensed on a restricted basis, personal, non-transferable non-assignable in and exclusively for use not sub-licenza revocable trade.
Without the express permission in services, you can buy virtual objects or his partner only by Rovio authorised and it shall be prohibited or sell yield virtual objects.
Articles virtual do not have an equivalent in real money and do not replace the real money.
Or Rovio or other persons or entities are required to exchange virtual objects with valuable assets.
Rovio is not responsible for any breach of the system or the loss of your virtual objects.
Price and the availability of virtual objects are subject to changes without notice.
All purchases and the purchase of virtual objects carried out by the services are final and grants.
Recognize listen and objects virtual you are provided immediately after the purchase and to dispense with all right to cancel or withdraw from the purchase once started the process.
Therefore accept that is not required to provide any reimbursement Rovio for objects virtual for any reason.
Recognize also that there'll be no money or other fees for objects, apart from the fact that unused virtual the loss of your license under the present hrt was voluntary or not.
Above does not affect your rights under the applicable law, including those that you might have on the basis of a legal guarantee of conformity described in section " responsibility " provision limiting his liability.
If cancellation ask your personal data as described in privacy policy of, you will lose all your articles definitively Rovio without any right to reimbursement, as virtual will no longer involve those virtual objects Rovio to you.
3.
The right of withdrawal
If you're a consumer resident in the european union or in a member state of the european economic area (" eea "), this section applies to you.
You may have the right to withdraw from the present hrt within 14 days of day when we have accepted.
You also have the right to withdraw from the purchase of a licence for a virtual object or service within 14 days after purchase.
Not must specify why exercises his right of withdrawal.
But you have no right to withdraw from a purchase if you agreed that the object or the service you is provided in its entirety virtual during the period of withdrawal and you approved thus lose your right of withdrawal.
To depart from the present, you must inform your hrt Rovio decision to withdraw and stop the use of services.
To withdraw from the purchase of a licence for a virtual object or a service, you must inform the trader, which can be official or his partner authorised by Rovio which you their shopping.
Rovio note that is neither able nor has the obligation to comply with your request to withdraw from a purchase where the trader is not official. Rovio
Rovio to inform your decision to withdraw, you must send an unequivocal statement of your decision via e-mail at the address support @ rovio.com.
To this end, you can use the withdrawal form, but this is not an obligation annex.
To meet the deadline, it is sufficient that send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the expiry of the withdrawal period.
If recedi from buying a licence for a virtual object or a service, you have the right to repayment of the purchase without undue delay and no later than 14 days from the day you informed the trader official of your decision to withdraw from the purchase.
Reimbursement shall be made using the same method of payment used for carrying out the initial payment, unless otherwise agreed.
You won't have any support following this cost reimbursement.
4.
Code of conduct
Accept astenerti anyway by also following behaviour:
Use directly or indirectly, cheat, automatic bot, software, exploit hack, or any mod 3rd-party software unauthorised, designed to amend the services or interfere with them;
Use services in violation of any law or regulation applicable;
Use services for commercial purposes, such as, for example but not exhaustive, publicity, urge, such as e-mail transmit announcements commercial spam, 139, plans to make easy money or other pyramidal tricks.
Use services fraudulently or, such as, for example illegal but not exhaustive, use the services with the intention of for a person or entity different spacciarsi, or otherwise their affiliation to misrepresent a person or entity or services;
Interrupt interfere with or adversely affect the normal operation of the services or act in a way that negatively affect the experience of other users during the use of services;
Block overload, contribute to or encourage the freezing or the use of any computer or server used for services or offer support;
Seek accession without authorisation services, accounts registered with third parties or by computer server or networks related to services by means other than user interface provided by, for example, bypassing or changes, Rovio trying to circumvent or amend, or by any other person or encouraging to circumvent or amend, any system of security, technology, device or software part of services; encoding
Publish information contained or other material (or publish links to information or content) in which there are images of nudity or excessively are found or violent abuse, threats, sinful, or type mudslinging racial, sexual offenses slanders, religious or otherwise reprehensible.
Keep conduct incorrect, such as posting repeatedly tend to unsolicited information;
Molest impose trying to abuse or damage or support or instigate harassment, damage to abuse or another person or group, including employees, administrators, officials and representatives of the customer service of; Rovio
Made available through the services, materials or information violin, mark patent, copyright any trade secrets, right to privacy, the right of advertising or other right of any person or entity, or who have meant to any person, which, for a spacciarsi for example but not exhaustive, an employee, an administrator or an official Rovio;
Unless is specifically authorised by the law applicable, try to decode, or disassembling, decompilare services, or any hackerare defeat or any encryption technology exceed or security measures or data transmitted by, or processed or stored Rovio to obtain any information services using any method does not expressly allowed by Rovio;
Require or trying to access data or other credentials or personal information access by other users of services;
Subtract pull out through " or " gather information on or on scraping to other people using services, for example, through the use of but non-exhaustive tag pixels, cookie, or similar parts, sometimes gif called " spyware. "
Publish private information anyone, including information / data personal identification (in text format, image or video), identity papers or financial data through the services;
Rovio take any act which conflict with the spirit or considers the intent of the services or be misused care services of. Rovio
5.
Account information and access
Elements services may allow you to create an account register or otherwise with the services (" account ").
Might be required to choose a password for your account, and use other credentials for access to the account (" login information ").
You agree not to provide your login information to third parties and not to allow any other person to use your login information or your account.
Six solely responsible for the maintenance of confidentiality of your login information.
Rovio entitled to assume that any use of your login information or your account has been made to you, and you're still responsible for any action taken using your account or your login information (including, for example but not exhaustive, any concentration.
Rovio agrees to compensate in case of loss or damage resulting from your inability to keep confidential your login information.
Recognize has no title or interest against or in relation to any owner account.
Rovio reserves the right to remove your account without any activity will from you in relation to account for at least 180 days.
In this case, you may not be able to access and / or use the virtual objects associated with that account and you will not be offered any reimbursement.
6.
Contributions from user
Services may allow you to create content, including, for example, but not exhaustive maps game, profiles, game characters, objects, or video game (its screenshots referred to collectively as the " user "). contributions
In exchange for using services, make the law and the non-exclusive licence Rovio, free from royalties, perpetual, completely transferable and irrevocable throughout the world in concedibili sub-licenza your contributions use user in any way and for any purpose, including, for example, the right to play but not comprehensive, copy, adapt, modify, view, run, or otherwise, to be published spread disclosed to the public by any means available now or in the future, and to distribute your contributions from user without any further notice or compensation of any kind toward you.
Where not expressly forbidden by the law applicable, with this drop any moral right to paternity, publication, reputation or in relation to the use and enjoyment allocation by Rovio (including their licensees, successors and) and other players who were transferees your contributions from user in connection with the services and the goods and services related.
This licensing to waiving any moral right and Rovio applicable following the resolution of these also remain hrt.
Rovio and their managers, officials and employees do not accept nor considering ideas or presentations products not required any type (such as, for example, game ideas or other products, works of art, stories, plays, musical works or audiovisual, or any other material creative concept from you in any format and) sent by any means of transmission (the " content not required ").
Please not to send in their administrators, officials or or Rovio employees unsolicited content.
But where we are required to send, accept that the same content will not be treated as confidential content, regardless of otherwise indicated in this, unsolicited content in their message accompanying or elsewhere.
Also accept that such material is not required, can be used and exploited by Rovio without compensation for you or third parties, and make a world, perpetuates non-exclusive licence Rovio, irrevocable, paid in full, without royalties, permissible in all or transferable and sub-licenza (part) to use, exploit, play, submit, modify, display and show the contents not applicable in all media currently available or in the future, for any purpose and to create derivative works based on content is not required.
7.
User interaction
Rovio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of other users of services or monitoring of services in order to identify any content or inappropriate behaviour.
Rovio does not operate nor may make the pre-selection monitoring all or content or the conduct of all users.
The use of services is your peril.
Using services, you could be exposed to content or offensive behaviour, or at least not in line with indecent your values.
Rovio may use technology to monitor and / or record your interaction with services or communications within services (including, for example but not exhaustive, messages or voice communications chat).
Listen irrevocably to that monitoring and recording and agrees to have no expectation confidential to the transmission of content within the services, including, for example but not exhaustive, messages or chat voice communications.
Recognize your contributions from user, your communication within services and / or your interaction with services could be viewed or be by other users of the services or by visualizzabili general public.
Rovio reserves the right to his sole discretion, to review, monitoring, prohibit, edit, delete, disable access to, or make otherwise unavailable any content made available to users of the service without prior notice or for any reason, at any time.
If at any time you choose, Rovio sole discretion, monitor the services, will not be held in any case Rovio responsibility for the content made available by the users of services, nor any obligation to edit or remove any inappropriate content.
Rovio recognize that is not a party involved in any disputes which may arise between you and any other user or service users.
Rovio need not otherwise to be involved in such disputes.
Exemptions Rovio and its subsidiary (and officials, administrators, officials, joint ventures, shareholders and employees and their subsidiaries) from all Rovio demands, requests and damage related to such disputes.
8.
Binding arbitration / renunciation of the class action
You based in the us or complaints against surpluses in the united states, accept that expressly Rovio legal dispute any claims or other dispute between you and arising from, or in any related Rovio way services, including disputes concerning the applicability, the feasibility or the validity of any provision in these hrt or the privacy policy of the ' disputes ') (collectively Rovio, will be resolved in binding arbitration reserved brought to referee the american trade association (Arbitration " aaa ") rather than in a court, as described here.
Arbitration will be governed by the rules of arbitration's trade, and if the aaa considers that can be applied by referee supplementary procedures for disputes concerning consumers (collectively, " rules and procedures.
Recognize you're giving up your right to voluntarily and knowingly a trial by jury and to proceed otherwise in a court case federal or state.
Payment of the costs of arbitration shall be governed by the tariff, unless you're not aaa able to prove that your share compared with costs of a dispute would proibitiva, in which case the part of the cost, in pay Rovio measure deemed necessary by the referee, to prevent the arbitration has a prohibitively expensive compared to costs of the dispute.
Rovio reserves also have the right, sole and exclusive discretion, to take responsibility for all the costs of arbitration imposed by aaa.
Each party agrees to pay the fees and legal expenses of their lawyers, unless there is a provision requiring that the statutory binding predominate are paid fees and legal expenses.
Arbitration can take place in los angeles, california on your request, in the city, or you closer in which there is a seat of the aaa.
The arbitrator's decision is final and binding for you and for and may be pronounced in the form of Rovio judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
For further information on the rules and procedures and on its aaa, on how to a request for arbitration, you can call the aaa the number or visit the website 800-778-7879 aaa at www.adr.org.
As exception to the rule of binding arbitration, to the extent that the dispute arises from:
Any violation of intellectual property rights of Rovio;
A complaint relating to, or derived from, charges of theft, piracy, unauthorised use or a breach of computer fraud and abuse act (law on fraud and abuse computer) of the united states or section " code of conduct ' of these; and hrt
Remedial equitativo any request;
Then both sides agree that a party may request (or an equivalent remedies ingiuntivi type legal remedy urgent in any court having jurisdiction on the other side.
In addition to the above, either party may invoke action in the courts for individual claims for complaints falling within the jurisdiction of the court in the place of arbitration.
To the extent permitted by the law applicable, all disputes will be settled by arbitration confidential individually binding.
Accept expressly that no other dispute is added or your dispute through united arbitration procedures class or otherwise.
Rovio concur you and that there is no law or may refer any dispute to arbitration on the basis of collective action or use procedures of collective action; there is no law or may bring legal proceedings to under an alleged disputes in front of a representative capacity or private attorney general and no other arbitration may be kingdom arbitration.
You have the possibility to waive this obligation to arbitration.
If you do, neither you nor you can ask that the other party Rovio contributing to an arbitration procedure.
To renounce, you must inform in writing within 30 days from the date Rovio where you been subject for the first time in this clause arbitration.
Communication waiver should be sent to: Rovio entertainment corporation, attn: legal department, 7 02150 espoo, finland Keilaranta.
You include your name and address of residence, together with a declaration stating clearly your wish to renounce this clause arbitration.
For arbitration proceedings, you send a letter to: Rovio entertainment corporation, attn: legal department, 7 02150 espoo, finland Keilaranta, requiring arbitration and describing your complaint.
Rovio will provide a 30 days notice in the case of amendments to this section " binding arbitration / renunciation of the class action " through the services or other similar means.
Changes become effective on the 30th day and will only apply to any requests made after the 30th day.
9.
Suspension and resolution for your violation
Without restricting the possibility of recourse to other remedies available to Rovio, if you're Rovio considered violating the present reserves the right to take hrt, one of the following, individually or jointly, and with or without notice: (i) eliminate, suspend and / or modify your account or parts of your account; (ii) limit, suspend and / or discontinuation of access to services; (iii) to amend and / or remove any your virtual object; (iv) reset and / or modify any progress game or advantages and privileges associated with you, such as the level or the score from you reached in services.
10.
Availability, compatibility and amendments to services
Rovio does not guarantee that services are always available or which will still be in the future.
Services may be temporarily not available because of technical problems or for reasons of maintenance, which could occur on a scheduled or unscheduled.
Also services or parts thereof could be designed so as to be available only for a limited period of time (e.g. in the case of seasonal or when access content provided early a version of the development of a game), or their life cycle may be influenced by technological developments and changes in consumer behaviour.
Rovio therefore reserves the right to stop the supply and / or support for services or parts thereof (e.g. a game or a feature of a game) at any time; at that point the license to use services or parts of them will be automatically withdrawn.
Then except where otherwise provided by the law applicable, is not required to provide Rovio reimbursements for services or for any virtual objects.
Rovio where appropriate, will take all reasonable steps to provide advance notice if services or parts thereof should be discontinued.
Rovio but may limit, suspend or discontinue services, or part of them, and take measures technical and legal access to services, if for rays were considered that you or any other Rovio user may pose a risk in terms of legal responsibility or violation of intellectual property rights of third parties or that your conduct is inconsistent with the letter or the spirit of these hrt.
Services compatibility may submit a limited in relation to devices and different operating systems.
Six solely responsible to ensure that the services are compatible with your device and its operating system.
Generally details of compatibility requirements are available at the time of first use or download (for example, on the app store).
Services are intended to evolve over time.
Accordingly Rovio, will from time to time, manage change, amend or update the services or parts thereof (including, for example but not exhaustive, the virtual objects).
This could lead to the addition, removal or modification of content or function (e.g., the addition or removal of gameplay or areas, or alteration of virtual objects in their appearance or power).
Rovio can, sole discretion, make the changes it considers necessary to maintain and improve the services, including, for example, the introduction, but not exhaustive modification or removal of content and gameplay according to the development of the roadmap Rovio adaptation to new technologies, any changes made to the agreements with third parties, by preventing Rovio abuse or technical problems and the fulfilment of any legal requirements, safety or legislation.
When amendments are made to services, may have to download and install an update to continue to use them.
Otherwise you may not be able to access or use the services or parts thereof (for example, the game and functionality may be available online only users who have the final version of a game).
11.
Provision limiting his liability liability
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, these services are supplied to the user " as " without guarantees, insurance or commitments whatsoever.
Services could defects and their use by your is exclusively for your risk.
Rovio does not issue, and with this decline, any explicit guarantee, implicit or legal, including the implicit guarantees of condition, continued use, data accuracy (including, among others, of location data), eligibility for a satisfactory quality merchantability particular purpose, not violating the rights of third parties and guarantees (if any) arising from practices or commercial use.
Rovio does not guarantee that there is no interference with the enjoyment of services by your; services meet your needs; whereas the functioning of the service is continuous or shortcomings within; services are interoperable or compatible with any other service; or that any errors in the services are correct.
Any written or oral advice provided by, its servants or other Rovio representatives constitute a guarantee.
Some courts do not allow above as liability clauses esonerative; therefore, the terms above may not be applicable to you.
But in those jurisdictions, clauses above shall apply only in esonerative extent permitted by the applicable laws in those jurisdictions.
Also, you might be further legal rights in your jurisdiction, and there is nothing in these breaks the legal rights that you may have hrt as consumers of services.
Especially if you're a consumer with established in the eea, you are given a legal guarantee of conformity according to which could be blamed for a Rovio lack of conformity to you noted: (i) within two years from any supply one-off services (such as the provision of a virtual object); or (ii) at any time during any continuous provision of services.
12.
Limits of liability
Rovio will not in any way responsible for damages special or resulting from access by incidental consequenziali use or malfunctioning of services, including by, for example but not exhaustive, damage to property, loss of start-up, failure or malfunction of the device and to the extent permitted by the law, damage to personal injury, damage to property, lost profits or damage arising from any cause of action, punitive resulting from or related to present or services, is due to hrt illegal (including civil) contract liability negligence or other and whether or not the possibility has been informed Rovio for such damage.
Responsibility total aggregated under any circumstances arising out of or in connection with Rovio these hrt, the privacy policy or services will exceed the highest of: (i) the actual price (if any) paid for the licence of virtual objects or services; or (ii) 100 euro (eur 100).
Exclusions and restrictions of damage are fundamental elements of the basis of agreement between Rovio and you.
For section limitations of liability, " the licence and other partners of concessori are beneficiaries of the limitations of liability Rovio third specified therein and can assert present hrt toward you.
Some courts do not allow certain limitations of liability, such as those above; therefore, the terms referred to above might not be applicable toward you.
But in these jurisdictions, the limitations of liability covered by this section shall apply only to the extent permitted by the applicable laws in those jurisdictions.
Also, you might be further legal rights in your jurisdiction, and there is nothing in these breaks the legal rights that you may have hrt as consumers of services.
Agrees to compensate, protect and preserve free and its subsidiary (and the Rovio officials, elected officials, agents, joint ventures, shareholders and employees and their subsidiaries) by any Rovio claim, request or other damage, including losses, legal expenses, reasonable claimedby others arising from the use of the services or any violation of present from you; but the hrt above shall not apply where the demand for third parties is not attributable to your behaviour intentional or negligent.
13.
Copyright and dmca
If you think that services or any of their content your send a full infringes copyright (reporting copyright infringement dmca under the digital millennium copyright act, copyright law in force in the united states) mail: Rovio entertainment corporation, ordinary legal department, 7 02150 espoo, finland Keilaranta or, alternatively, via e-mail to: legal @ rovio.com.
Alerts dmca sent to the address specified will reach the registered agent dmca Rovio.
Dmca you in your reporting include the following information:
Identify opera protected by copyright that you consider was being violated.
Reporting dmca if your is more works, can provide a representative list of these works;
Identify what you consider to be material responsible for the breach, including a description of where he is this material.
Your description must be reasonably sufficient to enable to identify the said material; Rovio
Provide your name legal complete postal address, telephone number and e-mail address (if available);
Include the following statement on body reporting dmca:
" I believe in good faith that the use of material is not authorized by the holder, its agent or by law copyright.
Declare that the information contained in this report is true and, on pain of dmca perjury, to be the holder of the copyright or being authorised to act on behalf of the holder of the copyright.
Note that, under title 17 ยง (f) of u.s. code, 512 if you send an alert on materials or knowingly false activities constituting an alleged violation, you could be considered responsible for any damage, including the costs and expenses due to legal or to their users. Rovio
If in doubt about the fact that the material or activity you signalling is responsible for a breach, you might want to contact a lawyer before transmitting a notice to Rovio.
14.
Products and services third
Services may contain links to products or services to third parties or otherwise make them available, for example through advertisements from third connectivity to social media or services of the community or registration services and sharing of games.
The goods and services are subject to the terms and conditions of the respective third parties.
We expect you to read such terms and conditions of third parties as they constitute an agreement between you and the respective service provider, which is not a party Rovio third.
Rovio recognize that not endorses brings no guarantee in the content or goods or services provided by those third parties.
Rovio shall not be liable toward you in case of loss or damage caused by those third parties or of any expenditure from you incurred in relation to them.
Take note that the disclosure of your data to such third parties is governed by the privacy policy the same (if any) and that our privacy policy does not apply in relation to such data.
15.
Amendments to these hrt
Without prejudice to section " binding arbitration / renunciation of the class action ', these can be updated by Rovio hrt from time to time, in the light of changing developments legal, technical or commercial.
When update these hrt, will take appropriate steps to warn you through the Rovio services or by other means, according to the significance of the change.
Continuing access or use the services after the entry into force of the updates, agrees to be bound to hrt updated.
16.
Applicable law
If risiedi in the united states, in addition to the " binding arbitration / renunciation of the class action " above, these hrt are governed by the laws of the state of california and the us federal laws applicable with than its rules of private international law.
Resident if you're outside the united states, accept that all the disputes between you and are governed by the laws of finland, Rovio with exclusion of the rules of private international law.
Accept that any complaint or dispute you could make towards Rovio should be resolved by a court exclusively based in espoo, finland.
If you're a consumer resident in the territory of eea, you can also use the platform for the settlement of disputes online offered by the european commission as an alternative to the settlement of disputes out-of-court.
Rovio note that may not be obliged to accept the use of this platform or other platforms for alternative dispute resolution.
If jurisdiction of your home forbid to apply the provision on Rovio choice of law, there is nothing in these hrt according to your rights will limit the laws in force in your home.
17.
General clauses
Full agreement.
These hrt and the privacy policy define the entire agreement between you and about the services and replace all Rovio agreements and arrangements prior between you and Rovio.
Transfer.
Rovio hrt, throughout these could dispose or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent, provided that such disposal does not limit your rights under the present hrt.
You won't collapse or delegate any right or obligation under present hrt without the prior written consent of, and any sale and delegation Rovio unauthorised on your part will be nothing.
Clause salvatoria.
If any provision in these hrt should be considered invalid or unenforceable, this provision will be limited or eliminated as far and the remaining minimum necessary provisions of the present will remain in place fully-fledged hrt.
Rovio inability to to enforce any rights or provision of these will not be considered a waiver to this hrt law or disposal.
No surrender.
Inability by Rovio assert their rights to exercise, or under the present hrt is not waives the right.
Any abandonment of these rights will only be effective if carried out in writing and signed by an authorised representative of Rovio.
Contact information.
In case of applications on the present hrt, we expect you to contact: support @ rovio.com.
18.
Additional conditions for users apple
In addition to the above mentioned conditions if access to services using devices (apple inc. "
Apple ") are subject to the following conditions.
Recognize and accept that these hrt are concluded between you and not with apple and Rovio Rovio, and not is responsible for the apple, services and their content.
License you shall be granted under these hrt is subject to the rules specified in terms of service of the allowed use of apple and app store any contractual conditions third-party contained therein.
Have the obligation to respect all the terms and conditions applicable to the use of third-party your services.
Rovio not apple, is responsible for toward you with regard to: (i) the provision of any service or assistance for services in accordance with the present; and (ii) the management hrt any complaint to you regarding the advanced services, including complaints relating to the responsibility on the product, claims relating to the non-compliance services in any legal requirement or applicable regulatory and complaints under the consumer protection laws or equivalent.
Where services are not comply with the guarantees or other conditions laid down by the present or the applicable law, you can warn hrt apple and subsequently reimburse the purchase price will apple (if applicable) for the relevant services.
As much as permitted by the law applicable, apple will have no more obligations in relation to guarantee services.
Where a third party claims that services or your possession and use of services constitute a violation of intellectual property rights of a third party, apple will not be held responsible for the investigation, the defence, the resolution or the fulfilment of this demand of infringement of intellectual property.
Declares and guarantee: (i) not to reside in a country subject to an embargo by the united states government, or that has been designated by the united states government as a country " sponsor of terrorism '; and (ii) not to be included on a list of subjects prohibited or restricted drafted by the united states government.
Apple and its subsidiaries are the beneficiaries of these third hrt.
With acceptance of present recognize that apple will have the right, hrt to assert the present hrt as beneficiary third toward you.
