Conditions for the use of the website ryanair
1.
General provisions.
This website is owned by ryanair dac irish society with registration number and registered office in dublin office 104547 ryanair, Airside business park, swords, co.
Dublin, ireland (" ryanair ").
Sailing on this website and using its content, either directly or through third user accepts being legally bound by these terms of use and to act in full respect of themselves.
Particularly user agrees not to make the forbidden by successive paragraphs 3 to 7.
Where user will not accept these terms of use, is not allowed to navigate on the website or to use its content, and is committed.
2.
Channel exclusive sales online.
This website is the only authorised the sale of flights of group (" ryanair ' includes group where ryanair, ryanair sun, ryanair uk ryanair dac and) and if they are purchased Laudamotion individually whether purchased with other services.
Sites comparison of prices may conclude a licence agreement with ryanair written authorising them to access information on ticket prices, timetables and flights of the ryanair merely in order to provide a comparison of prices.
3.
Use permitted.
User is not allowed to use this website (including the app mobile and any web page and / or data that are filtered through the web domain), computer programs underlying ryanair.com (including interface application '), the names " bees to domain, the uniform resource allocator (the 'url '), the databases, its functions and content, if not for the purpose of personal and non-commercial.
Is strictly prohibited the use of any automatic system or software, operated by third or less, in order to extract data from the website for commercial purposes (" screen "). scraping
4.
Reserve law to ensure a permitted use website and preventing unauthorised use.
In order to assert their rights and prevent unauthorised use of the website, ryanair reserves the right to take all the measures it deems necessary, without giving any prior notice, including the opening of legal proceedings, in relation to any party involved in the unauthorised use of this website, including the use of technologies that block (could also lead to the implementation of research on the websites of such automatic third parties, we scrape of these sites, we scrape website ryanair by those third parties, the violation of the terms of use of these websites or other similar actions and associated).
5.
Consensus (to ryanair) in order to investigate breaches.
Ryanair reserves the right to conduct all investigations deemed necessary (including through the use of technological tools) in relation to any violation of these terms of use.
Through access to this website, allows the user to open all necessary investigations ryanair in order to prevent unauthorised use of the website.
6.
Intellectual property rights.
All information, data, the software (including bees), the underlying names to domain, the urls databases, and materials available on this website, including name, logo, programmes flight, etc., and the combination of prices and the layout of website, colors are protected by copyright, rights trademarks, rights plant on databases and / or other intellectual property rights.
User may use the contained only insofar as is strictly necessary for a purpose staff and non-commercial allowed.
Forbidden any other use and / or copying of such content, without the prior written consent of ryanair.
Unauthorised use is a violation of these terms of use, and will include a violation of intellectual property rights of ryanair.
7.
Links to the website.
User can not create and / or use links to this website without the prior written consent of ryanair.
8.
Limited liability.
Ryanair declines all responsibility for any losses and / or damage arising from the use of this website or any other site to which provides a link, and the use of information published on this website or at such other sites.
9.
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
Using all the group's website, including access to information on ryanair the details of flights, prices etc., it is contingent upon acceptance by the sospensivamente user have only and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the republic of ireland and law enforcement in that court (except as provided for by the rules mandatory of consumer law), regardless of whether access to such information or structures takes place in the interests of users itself or on behalf of others.
Ryanair discretion and honest to your sole shall be free to take legal action against any party that violates the present terms of use, in ireland, in the country, which was the violation or in the country in which he is domiciled part in violation or, where there are several parties in breach in the country of residence of either party, and all other parties should agree to be subject to the jurisdiction.
For clarity, where a passenger or to be carried, under a contract of carriage concluded with one of the companies in the group ryanair, intends to take legal action against a company of the group on the basis of that transport contract ryanair, such action may be brought by the passenger only under the provisions of the montreal convention in 1999 and regulation (ec) no 2027/1997 (as amended by regulation no 889/2002) and any subsequent changes.
