Www.skype.com https: / / / / / / en / legal ios carefully before hrt read download the software or before using products or websites skype
Main points
Is important that you read and understand this document in its entirety.
Is necessary, however, point out some basic points:
It is not possible to make emergency calls.
Software can not replace the traditional landline or mobile.
Particularly except in the circumstances set out in paragraph 5.6 of these conditions of use (applicable only to software for communication via the internet), skype software does not allow calls for emergency services.
If necessary to make emergency calls, should be used other media.
Check the limitations of use.
In some countries are force some limitations on the use of software.
Is due to the user can use software make sure it is legally in the country where it is.
No properties of numbers.
If skype assigns a number (previously called " skype number online ") or a number to go this number does not become skype owned by the user and that acquires the right to keep it forever.
Skype occasionally amend or withdraw the number could allocated.
User can not transfer or attempt to transfer their number skype or the number to go to skype others.
When you buy a number skype, we must be sure to meet all the requirements of allocation because failure to comply with these requirements displayed could lead to the withdrawal of the number.
See also section 19.1.
Credit skype is disabled after 180 days.
Buys credit skype, if you bear in mind that this is disabled after 180 days of inactivity.
See also paragraph 9.2.
Arbitration clause arbitration and renunciation of the collective legal action.
For residents in the united states using the formula pays with a mobile device (see paragraph 20), in cases of dispute skype, with its affiliated or other third parties, including the telephone operators, rights for the possible resolution of the dispute shall be bound by the renunciation of the legal action collective and an arbitration clause for arbitration ritual.
Read carefully the (20.3.
1.
The contract skype
1.1 applications software skype for communication via the internet (" software for communication via the internet "), the other software applications with mark " " (" software " skype collectively), software applications with skype mark " " (" software ") Qik Qik and associated documentation in paper or electronic form), including any improvement, edit, integration, editing, updating and later version (collectively, " ") made available free of charge or updates to payment (collectively " software ") are granted under license (not for sale) by skype software sarl.
1.2 features and products available free of charge through the software, excluding the products and functions available free of charge in test (collectively, " ") are provided by skype products free software sarl.
1.3 any product or additional functionality of software or software skype, or any other product with mark Qik " skype " or ", " a payment, including the Qik products or functionality available free of charge only in test (" products payment ") is provided by skype communications sarl.
1.4 " websites skype ' means, both managed by (www.skype.com www.qik.com communications) and other websites skype sarl authorised by relate to these conditions skype.
1.5 skype " ' means software sarl, 23 and 29 skype rives de clausen, luxembourg or communications sarl, 23 L-2165 skype-29 rives de clausen, luxembourg, based on the required L-2165 from the context;
" Products ' means products free products and collectively payment;
" User ' means the person, the holder of the registered user account (as described in section 6.1) and the licensee, as set out in these conditions of use.
1.6 contract with skype is composed of the terms and conditions set out in this document, together with any additional condition mentioned in paragraph 14 (collectively defined the " conditions ').
Insofar as there was any inconsistencies between the additional conditions and this document, the latter will prevail.
2.
Acceptance conditions of use
2.1 in order to download and / or use the software, products and / or websites will first need to accept the present skype conditions of use.
These conditions of use are accepted when (a) the user shall find these conditions or (b) when download and / or use the software, products and / or websites skype.
Are advised to print a copy of these conditions of use, as a reference.
These conditions of use will remain in force from the date of acceptance until their resolution, on the initiative of the user and skype, as provided for in paragraph 11.
2.2 user can not accept these conditions of use if: (a) is not legally authorised the use of software products and / or of websites skype in the country where is established or resident or (b) if it has not reached the legal age to enter into a binding contract with skype.
2.3 in some countries the products may be supplied by local partners skype.
In this case, the partner may require to accept their conditions of use (" local conditions.
In case of discrepancy between the conditions for using local and these conditions of use, will the conditions for using local in proportion to this conflict arises.
3.
Changes in the conditions of use
3.1 skype may amend these occasionally conditions of use.
Skype publish these amendments to guideline / go /. www.skype.com tou
Changes the conditions of use and / or additional funds will be published on the website skype appropriate.
Changes will be effective as from their publication.
Please periodically reviewing the conditions of use.
User understands and agrees that the explicit acceptance conditions or the use of software products and / or of websites skype after the date of publication will be consent under the conditions of use up to date.
Where user does not accept the amended conditions, the relationship with skype can solve in accordance with paragraph 11 below exposed.
4.
Licence
4.1 licence.
Provided user noted these conditions of use, it gives a free licence limited at the same and not exclusive non-assignable, non-transferable to download and install software on a personal computer, a mobile phone or any other device, and for the use of staff through the software user account staff or, as appropriate Qik skype, (" ") user account.
To avoid the emergence of any doubt, (a) administrators it working on behalf of a company can download and install software on computers or other skype devices used by staff of the company, and (b) will be permitted to use the software at universities, colleges of education or workplace.
Skype reserves all rights not specifically granted to user pursuant to these conditions of use.
4.2 restrictions.
User notes that it is not permitted.
Sublicenza persist in (a), sell, grant and rent, export, import, distribute or hire transfer or otherwise grant software rights to third parties;
(B) take cause, allow variation, or authorize job creation derivatives or improvements, the translation, the reverse engineering, the disassembly, the decoding, make the emulation, the research or the attempt to hacking, the source code or research protocols of software or any party or function (except as permitted by law);
(C) remove or alter any notice of copyright, obscure or other owners included in notices software;
(D) use the software or ensure that the same (or part thereof) is used in commercial products or services to third parties or to provide the same products or services.
What mentioned should not preclude the use of software for commercial communications, except as expressed in paragraph 4.1;
(E) use the software, if not through its user account, subject to the purposes and download installation.
4.3 technology to third parties.
If using a software, integrated, combined, distribution or pre-loaded used with, or passed on, products, hardware, software applications, programmes or devices third-party (" technology third-party "), the user recognises and accepts that: (a) may need to conclude a licence agreement with separate the third part or the relevant for the use of this technology licensor third-party, (b) certain products and / or features may not be accessible through technology third-party and (c) skype can not guarantee that the software is always available on, or in connection with this technology a third party.
4.4 warnings related to third parties.
Software may include a code of third parties that and not third parties, skype, normally licenses the user under this contract.
Any alarms code third-party are included for information purposes only.
Scripts third-party related to which reference is made in mentioned or software are licensed to user coin-issuing third parties holding that code and not by skype.
5.
Use software, the product and the websites skype
5.1 devices.
In order to use the software and products, the user should have a broadband internet connection.
User must have all the necessary arrangements to access the internet or to enable communications, which headsets, microphones and camera.
5.2 use of devices.
Software for communication via the internet may use the resources, memory and processing the bandwidth of the computer (or any other device applicable) user merely in order to facilitate the communications and establish connection between users of software for communication via the internet.
If use by the user of the software to communication via the internet depends on the use of a processor and the bandwidth owned or controlled by a third party, the user notes and accepts that the licence use of software for communication via the internet is subject to the consent of the relevant third part for that use.
User declares subscribes with the acceptance of these conditions of use has obtained such a consensus.
5.3 software updates.
Skype can automatically check the version of the software skype user.
To download or use updates, user must accept the updated version of these conditions of use.
Skype has no obligation to make available such updates.
Skype but can (a) require the user to download and install updates; or (b) download and install updates to automatically from time to time, skype unless the user chooses (through the client settings skype) not to receive automatic updates.
Microsoft or its affiliates and associated may also automatically download software updates skype for windows, if the user has chosen to receive updates microsoft.
These improvements are needed to maintain the compatibility of software, protection, or provide updates or corrections offer new products, function or versions.
User agrees to receive these updates from in order to continue to use the skype software and accepts such updates for the purposes of skype present conditions of use.
5.4 suspension, maintenance and technical improvements.
Occasionally skype could undertake maintenance activities or update on software, on products, on websites or infrastructure enabling the use skype software, products or websites user skype.
By skype this could lead to a temporary suspension or a restriction of the use of all or part of the software, products or websites skype until completion of such maintenance and / or update.
As far as possible, and unless urgent action is required, skype in advance of the website will publish the time and the date of such skype suspension or limitation.
User has the right to call for compensation for such suspension or limitation of the use of software, products or website skype.
5.5 impossibility of emergency calls.
Any products or software provide emergency calls to hospitals, the police, health units or any other type of service linking the user to staff emergency services or public security (" emergency services ").
Exist major differences between the traditional telephony services and products.
User recognises and accepts that: (i) does not have the obligation to provide skype access to emergency services, as required by law and / or the local or national legislation in force; (ii) is due to the user purchase, separately from products, a fixed or wireless telephone service (mobile phone) which provides access to emergency services; and (iii) and the software products do not replace the telephone service).
Further information on the calls towards the number 112, the emergency dedicated for the eu, are available on / / emergency. go www.skype.com
5.6 emergency calls limited (only for the software for communication via the internet and not applicable to software Qik)
5.6.1 in a very limited number of countries, and only for certain versions and platforms communications software via the internet, skype will try to give emergency calls as autonomous, although limited functionality efforts in this field.
By clicking here you can see the list of countries (countries), enabled versions of the software and other platforms (" ') allowing calls versions enabled emergency skype.
Emergency calls skype are not available for other countries, other versions or platforms.
For calls for emergency services will require a landline or mobile phone) (traditional wireless and use the emergency calls skype limited in cases of extreme need.
In particular, take into account that:
(I) the curtailment of electricity, the exhaustion of batteries or cessation of internet connection can result in the interruption of a call, including calls to skype emergency services.
Also limits as defined in the following (5.9 may affect the success of the connection.
(Ii) where available, an emergency call carried out with the software for communication via the internet in a country enabled may not have the same priority network of a call made on telephone lines (cell) or traditional wireless fixed.
(Iii) after connect the emergency call, the user should indicate the operator of the emergency services its position, in order to allow the operations of the case and the identification of user.
Unless provide this information, the user is aware that the emergency call can not continue and will not be possible access to emergency services called by software for communication via the internet.
Skype here, will not be in no way responsible for the lack of success of the emergency call.
(Iv) except for countries empowered and versions entitled skype does not provide emergency calls limited in any country for or with other products or platforms, devices, services or operating systems (including products, platforms, devices, services or operating systems made by third parties using the api or any software development kit skype or similar instrument).
5.6.2 countries enabled, the user will need to provide the function for emergency calls limited by setting the geographical destination of default emergency calls, the page settings called software for communication via the internet (if you use the 4.1 version for windows or later version) or the version 2.8 for mac os x (or later version).
Is due to the user to ensure that these data are correct and updated in the event of change to its physical address.
Skype does not support the emergency calls in most countries of the world.
Where emergency calls are limited, supported the call will be free and skype need not be credit skype.
If emergency calls are not supported in the country of user limited user should not try to make emergency calls with software for communication via the internet, accepting this limitation.
Where, after authorization by the user, another person uses the account user will's responsibility than expected for calls inform you limited emergency.
5.7 content of communications.
Skype is not the source or adopted takes responsibility for the content or any of the notifications through the use of software.
Using software, the user accepts that any content expressed can be put to addressee of the statement.
Content of the notifications is fully liability of the person from which it comes.
User could therefore be exposed to offensive content, illegal, harmful to minors, obscene, or indecent questionable.
Content of the notifications may be protected by intellectual property rights, owned by third parties.
The user is responsible for the content that chooses to communicate and to which access through the use of software.
Particularly user takes responsibility not to send (i) material subject to copyright, protected from commercial secrecy or otherwise subject to ownership rights of third parties, including privacy laws and advertising, unless it is the holder of such rights or has the consent of legitimate holder; (ii) false information or likely to cause harm; (iii) offensive material, illegal, harmful to minors, obscene,,,, pornographic, threatening a slur defamatory, derogatory racially motivated molesto or conducive to conduct considered criminal offence, which may require civil liability, which infringes any law or whatever it is inappropriate; (iv) advertising or calls; (v) trade disappear under a false identity.
Skype reserves the right (without any obligation) to examine the contents in order to enforce these conditions.
Skype may on his honest judgement, block, prevent or remove the content of communications as part of its efforts in the protection of software products or customers, and for meeting these conditions.
Also skype may on his honest judgement, remove the content and / or annul these conditions and the user account if the substance used in breach of these conditions.
5.8 view and removal.
Skype receive any notice defining the where material, as, shared loaded and / or hosted user published on the website or through the software, to the exclusion skype communications personal (" contributions ") as inappropriate and user any rights which infringes any third party, or where such contributions user wishes skype remove for any reason, skype reserves the right to remove automatically, for whatever reason, these contributions user immediately or within a defined time from skype, at their sole discretion.
Contributions user will be removed, without any accountability, and without prejudice to rights, remedies, which are expressly reserved or defended.
User recognises and accepts that skype has no obligation to reinstate those contributions at any time.
If contributions user or user considers that they violate, violin, its right (including any intellectual property rights) or are considered to be illegal, the user should immediately contact skype and follow the procedure for notices and the removal of themselves.
Click on this link to display the procedure for notices and removed.
Skype reserves the right to request a verification of the identity of the user and to collect further information to confirm the claim.
User accepts being the sole responsibility for the consequences from its complaint (including, but without limit them removal or block contributions user) and recognises that any claims can be used in court.
Any false, misleading or inaccurate information provided by the user can lead to civil and criminal liability.
5.9 quality.
Skype can not guarantee that the software, products or websites skype work always without interruption delays or errors.
Countless factors could affect the quality of the communication and the use of software products (depending on the products used) or websites skype, and could lead to communication problems including without limitation to them: local network user firewall, internet service providers, internet public public telephone network and power supply grid.
Skype does not accept responsibility for any malfunction, breakdown or delay caused by malfunction or inadequacy of any of these factors, or any other factor on which skype has no control.
5.10 modification of the products.
Skype improves constantly software and products, and may change from time to time some technical features in order to comply with the regulations.
Therefore user recognises and accepts that products and functionality of software can occasionally change.
The technical requirements for the use of products and software and descriptions of function is available on the web skype.
If the user does not accept such changes to the software and products can solve the relationship with as expressed in paragraph 11 skype.
In order to qualify for certain products, it may be necessary that the user makes updating to a newer version.
User can also accept and recognizes that some products may be subject to limits of use or geographical restrictions, which may vary from time to time.
Skype please visit the website for details about the usage restrictions relating to the most up-to-date products used by the user.
5.11 proposals not required.
Skype ignores nor accept proposals or ideas not required, including as an example ideas for new products, technologies, promotion, product names, comments on products and updates on products (" comments ') is not required
If web site skype or otherwise user send to comments not required, he accepts and skype acknowledges that confidentiality on skype will have no such comments are required.
5.12 reports.
Parts websites skype or software may require suggestions written or reports of problems using modules contact or reporting problems (" reports ").
Read any specific condition governing such reports.
Alerts shall be sent properties skype.
Skype will hold the sole ownership of all rights perpetuates existing and future related to warnings sent and will have the power to use them for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without having to pay any compensation to the author of alerts sent.
Reporting skype will not be sent to each treated as confidential and will not be responsible for the skype any disclosure of the content.
5.13 links.
User can connect to the web site by another site of his property skype, provided that this is done with correct and legal and does not damage the reputation of skype or do provide the name.
User should not establish any link suggesting any form of association, approval or authorisation by skype, where there are not.
User will not create frame of the site, or any other site.
Skype provides the functionality, user incorporated Qik flash player can incorporate in their personal website and non-commercial for access to material on the website skype with mark Qik.
Skype may withdraw permission to link to its websites at any moment and at its discretion, without any notification in this regard.
6.
User obligations
6.1 user account.
Before using the software and software user skype Qik must create an account user and choose a id and a password.
Is the choice of a password that is difficult to identify and is comprised of letters, numbers and symbols.
User can use software exclusively through the user account.
User will be the only responsible for all activities conducted through the user account.
In order to prevent unauthorised use, the user should not disclose your password, and share it with third parties or used to have access to websites or services to third parties.
Where user suspicions that anyone can know the password, must be immediately its replacement, in order to protect the safety of its user account.
User will be responsible for not responding to requests for data on credit cards, password or other data.
Skype has no responsibility for the failure to comply with user obligations described in section 6.1.
6.2 used lawfully.
User must use the software products and websites skype in accordance with the laws of the country in which it has.
In some countries are in place restrictions on and on the use of download products software and / or of websites skype.
Is due to the user make sure it is legally software can use products and websites skype in the country where it is.
6.3 illegal use.
User can not:
Intercept monitor, (a) or damage or amend any communication for other;
(B) the use of any type of spider, viruses, worm, a trojan horse, time bomb or other codes or instructions aimed at distorting, deleting, damage, or disassembling software products emulate, websites skype, or communications protocols;
(C) send unsolicited communications (defined as " spam, " " " or ") or " spit spim any other communication is not permitted by existing rules, use the software, products or websites for skype or pharming or phishing to impersonate or an affiliation with another individual millantare or entity;
Exposing any third party (d) to offensive material, harmful to minors, or at least questionable; indecent
(E) use the software, products or websites to cause or attempting to cause embarrassment skype or discomfort, threaten, or violate the privacy third-party harrasing; or
(F) use (as part of your user id and / or profile image) any material or substance subject to ownership rights of third parties, unless holds the licence or authorisation from the rights-holder; or
(G) collect personal data, including names of account, by identifiable software, products or from web sites skype.
(H) influence or try to influence, the availability of software, products or websites skype, for example, with attacks network (dos denial of service) or ddos (distributed denial of service);
(S) or initiate automated systems, including use as an example, " robots, " " spider, " " offline reader " entering the software, products or websites skype.
Except as stated before, the user accepts that allow operators to skype search engines public permission to use spider to copy material from the website skype for the sole purpose of creating indices of materials, but not cache or public searchable files that material.
Skype reserves the right to revoke such exceptions at any time.
6.4 contributions from the user.
User is invited to attend properly to the initiatives of websites or software which skype forums, blogs, exchange of e-mails, hosting video, sharing and / or publication or any other function on the websites of software to skype or skype, to change, host, share and / or publish content.
User recognises and accepts that: (i) using websites skype and / or software user can being exposed to that can be or offensive content does indecency at their own risk; (ii) the user is the only responsible and skype assumes no responsibility for the user or third parties for the contributions user that creates sends exposes on websites or public skype or through the software; (iii) does not provide any confidentiality regarding skype contributions user whether published or not, (iv) skype will not be responsible for any contribution to which the user will have access from web sites and all the contributions from skype or software user will be under the responsibility of the person who supplied them.
Skype not sign any contribution or opinion, suggestion or users ' council referred and does not accept any responsibility explicitly expressed on the contributions from the user.
Relatively contributions user, user agrees and sign:
(S) to be the holder or have the necessary rights, licences, authorisations and permits the use and allows to use all copyrights, trademarks skype, business secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights or rights owners relating to contributions from the user, in accordance with these conditions of use;
(Ii) be in possession of written consent and / or authorisation of all individual identifiable contribution user for use in the name and / or image of each individual contributions indicated in the user in order to allow the inclusion and use the same as provided for by these conditions of use.
User must not copy, publish or use text, photo, music, sound, images or any other in any third party or source (" contained third-party ") without the permission of the owner.
These third-party content may be protected by the laws on intellectual property and the holders of intellectual property rights of such material could oppose their use.
Not be permitted to use third-party content without having obtained the consent of the holder of the intellectual property rights on such content.
Regardless of any right or obligation governed by additional conditions (as defined below) if, at any time the user chooses to load or publish user on websites contributions or through the software (excluding skype reports and the content of its communications), user grants automatically a non-exclusive licence, skype worldwide, irrevocable, free from royalties, perpetuates, to third parties and transferable on all transferable rights for use, edit, inclusion, integration adaptation, registration, in public, display, transmission presentation and reproduction contributions user including without limitation to them all tags associated relating to websites and software products and skype, including for skype or promotional redistribution part or all of websites skype and / or software or products in any medium existing or future invention.
User grants also each user website skype and / or software or products skype for access to a non-exclusive licence contributions from user via the website skype and / or software or products for use, to copy, distribute, create derivative works, view, run and transmitting those contributions from user only as granted by function website skype and / or by software or by products and in accordance with those conditions of use.
Also user renunciation of any so-called ' moral right " in relation to contributions from user, to the extent permitted by existing rules.
User can not send or publish via the website or software skype user, contributions, pornographic, vanity, calunniosi diffamatori, which violate the privacy, obscene denigratori, insolent, illegal, harmful to less offensive racist, or represent a breach of any intellectual property right or commercial secrecy third-party or otherwise violate the rights of third parties or involve a civil or criminal liability.
Also user can not send or publish contributions from containing user false information or require distorted funds or services containing advertisements promotional material, junk, spam, 139 or any kind of call, other users or include programmes that involve impersonate virus or other programmes designed to undermine the functionality of the computer.
User agrees not to seek, for commercial purposes, other users of the website or software skype, regarding their contributions.
User accepts we circumvent, or otherwise interfere with the function off on the safety of website or software with features that prevent or skype or restrict the use of any content.
6.5 information of the user.
Occasionally skype may require information to user, in order to provide the software or products.
User should ensure that such information is complete, up-to-date and accurate.
6.6 resale ban for.
Software and the products are intended for personal use of the user.
They should not be sold or marketed to third parties.
6.7 limits for exports.
Software may be subject to international rules governing the export of software.
User will have to fulfil all the national and international laws relating to the software and any limitation related to the end user, the end use and the destination imposed by local governments or similar institutions and limitations imposed for countries subject to embargo.
U.s. software for communication via the internet is controlled by the article of export regulations (" administration ECCN 5d992 ear ") with the number of registration number (" ern R100351 encryption ") can therefore not be exported or re-exported from the united states or downloaded from any person in any country controlled by for reasons of counter-terrorism, including ear iran, north korea, cuba, syria and sudan.
Also software for communication via the internet can not be exported or re-exported from the united states or downloaded from persons or entities subject to sanctions by the united states, irrespective of their place.
Consult www.bis.doc.gov / page / and section ear part Complianceandenforcement Liststocheck.htm 736.
Skype downloading software is available only on condition that the user that not be a natural or legal person subject to such penalties or not break with the otherwise download regulations regarding sanctions or checking on us exports.
7.
Ownership rights
7.1 software products and websites contain information that are confidential and proprietary skype protected by the laws and treaties on intellectual property.
7.2 content and compilation of content of websites skype (excluding contributions from user) which music files, text, graphs, logos, icons, images, audio clips, software and digital downloads are owned by skype, its participants or and are protected by international law and licenzianti united states relating to copyright.
The copyrighted material can not be played without the express consent of skype.
User can download user contributions and use them for personal purposes and non-commercial at displayed by the words " download " www.qik.com or a similar link.
Skype reserves all rights not specifically granted in web sites skype.
7.3 skype and / or its hold the sole property of software, licenzianti products, of websites and all the intellectual property (skype registered or not, throughout the world.
User can not put in place measures to restrict or compromise, interfere with the intellectual property rights relating to the software products, skype and / or websites skype.
7.4 skype, " " marks associated the logos and the logo " s " are trademarks of skype.
Skype recorded and requested the registration of trademarks its in many countries of the world.
The marks and symbols of skype may not be used in relation to other products or services not in such a way as to cause confusion between skype users or denigrate or discredit skype.
Other trademarks that do not belong to skype or other related company present on this site belong to their owners.
The consumer can not and must not record or use any trade name, brand, logo, domain name or any other name or symbol that includes any intellectual property skype (in whole or in part) or is similar to that.
Skype consult the guidelines for further information on the use of the trademark marks skype.
8.
Tariffs
8.1 telephones and numbers to call with the credit tariff premium skype.
(I) calls to the fixed telephone and mobile phones.
Tariffs phones to call (excluding subscription) taking provide response (single, called) and for each charging a fee per minute, as specified in address / go / allrates www.skype.com.
All incoming calls will be closed and will require the return of the number 4 hours after chat with the debit shooting response.
(Ii) numbers rate premium.
Calls to numbers provide a fee per minute tariff premium available at www.skype.com / go / rates-premium.
Can not be expected taking response.
Skype may change (iii) tariffs for calls to the telephones and numbers tariff at any time without notice, premium publishing these amendments to guideline / go / allrates www.skype.com.
The new tariff shall be applied to the purchase by the user next following its publication tariffs changed.
Check tariffs updated before making a call.
If the user does not accept the new tariffs, must not make the call.
(Iv) the duration of a call is based on increases of one minute.
Fractions min are rounded to the next minute.
Taking response, if appropriate, will be charged at the beginning of call.
Called debits, at the end of the fraction of a cent will penny: for example, rounded to the next the total price of a call to € will be rounded to the nearest €. 0,034 0.04
Debits deducted will be automatically during the call from credit balance on the account user skype.
8.2 fees for other products.
Tariffs pay for other products are confirmed the user before completing a purchase on skype.
Skype can change tariffs to purchase these products at any time, without any prior notice to the user.
The user can or not to accept the new charges, before completing the subsequent purchase of the product applicable.
The new tariffs will be implemented for the purchase by the user next following its publication new tariffs.
8.3 promotional offers.
Occasionally skype can offer free for a period of test products.
Skype reserves the right to charge user for these products (the standard tariff) where it establishes (at your option) that the user is contravening the supply conditions, including the use of any service, proxy or other device or ip address anonymous to prevent of skype locate it.
8.4.
Skype may collect vat and other indirect taxes at the appropriate rate (in accordance with the tax rules applicable) when the credit is bought skype.
If the user is resident in the european union and the products are bought and used in the eu, is generally applied the vat rate of 15 % of luxembourg.
User swiss the vat rate applied is 8 %.
In some countries may apply additional local taxes.
When user buys a voucher or, according to the country a prepaid card, may be applied to the rate of 15 % of luxembourg, vat and other local taxes which can be deducted from the value of vouchers or prepaid card at the time of repayment.
User expressly waives any right to vat refund by skype if the amount payable to the tax authorities from skype was for any reason less than the amount of vat applied the user when purchasing.
The balance of credit is displayed after those rates skype.
The following territories eu outside the scope of vat in the eu, as directive 2006/112 / ec on the common system of value added tax, as amended.
Website skype does not allow users to these territories to exploit vat exemption and therefore products are not distributed in the following areas: mount athos, canary islands, the french overseas departments, aland islands, channel islands, heligoland, büsingen, ceuta, melilla, livigno, campione d 'italia and italian waters of lake lugano.
8.5 fees from third parties.
Use software on other applications for mobile phones is subject to the tariff scheme available in the package with the user data signed mobile network operator.
Use outside their own country can impose costs considerably larger than in normal use and is due to the cost of roaming and user information possible further costs retained by its mobile network operator.
9.
Methods of payment
9.1 credit skype.
User may acquire some products payment using the credit skype.
Credit skype can be bought with any method of payment made available to the user from time to time by skype.
Credit skype purchased user will be added on at the time of purchase user account (or, in case of use of a credit when it vouchers skype redeem the vouchers).
9.2 credit skype inactive.
The claim is not used for skype 180-day period, including credit allocated to user from administrator skype skype manager) will credit skype inactive.
Reactivate credit is possible following the link in the accounts page corresponding skype at http: / / / /.. for the account secure.skype.com credit-reactivate users who are in japan and acquire credit from the website, is not skype skype apply this paragraph and the credit will expire 6 months after the skype date of purchase.
Skype credit shall not be used after the expiry date.
9.3 other methods of payment.
Skype does not guarantee the user will be able to use the credit to purchase all products skype skype.
Where skype credit can not be used for the purchase of a product, skype establish a method of payment alternative to the user.
Skype reserves the right to remove or edit methods of payment available to his honest judgement.
9.4 recurring payments.
Where user decides to buy products with subscription, (monthly, quarterly or annual, where applicable), the user notes and accepts that it is a payment and that the payments will be made on a recurring for skype through the method chosen and the recurrent intervals until the termination of the selected user for that product from the user subscription or skype.
9.5 Autoricarica.
Function Autoricarica (a) when the user will be activated automatically acquires credit unless it skype, deselect its box.
Credit skype will be reloaded and the same amount and via the same payment method chosen at the time of the request of the unless it has not been Autoricarica subsequently amended by user account.
E.g. if the user is eur 10 credit with the credit card, even skype the charges on paper for the reload will amount to 10 euro credit skype.
In future the same amount will be charged on credit card whenever the balance will fall below the threshold set by skype.
If it wishes to activate the, deselect the box. on Autoricarica
(B) if the user has acquired a subscription by a method of payment other than credit card, or paypal () and the active Moneybookers Skrill, the credit will be reloaded with Autoricarica skype the amount needed to pay for the next renewal.
(C) the user can deactivate the at any time, through its Autoricarica account.
10.
Criteria for reimbursement
10.1 by purchasing products payment directly from there is a right of cancellation of skype fifteen (15) days (a reflection period ') provided that those products to payment have not been used; in this case, no way a reflection period will be said and the purchase can not be extinct cancelled or reimbursed.
10.2 except for the reflection period will be repaid only subscriptions, provided that they have not been used or are terminated.
10.3 spending credit skype, the award of the number or the use of what is skype defined as, is to be considered as " use subscription " of a product to payment.
Here specifically agreed that numbers skype could be allocated before the end of reflection period.
10.4 the reflection period and repayments does not cover products to payment (s) are bought via a third partner skype (contact the, which may decide to its partners directly if repayment or not be honest judgement), (ii) are not directly purchased online from (e.g. skype vouchers or prepaid cards) (iii) are paid in cash through payment methods of third parties (such as cash payment) and (iv) with wallet are paid and assigned to the account administrator skype manager. by a skype
Reimbursement are not also belonging to the group of developers skype.
10.5 if it considers that has made a charge, the skype wrongly user should contact within 90 days from such debit. skype
Repayments debit will not be paid in excess of the 90 days.
10.6 skype reserves the right to reject a request for reimbursement where reasonably assesses that (i) the user is using criteria unfairly, for example, by sending reimbursement for the same product repeated requests for reimbursement, (ii) is contravening the present conditions of use or (iii) where suspicions that the user is using skype reasonably products or software fraudulently or the user account is used fraudulently by third parties.
10.7 these criteria repayment shall not affect the legal rights of user.
11.
Resolution relationship with skype
11.1 user can solve its relationship with skype at any time, without recourse to legal proceedings, requesting the closure of its user account, the use of software products, interrupting and / or of websites skype and cancelling recurring payments.
11.2 skype can solve the relationship with the user, or may be terminated or suspend the use of software, user account, products or websites skype at any time and without recourse to legal proceedings.
(A) if the user violates these conditions of use;
Skype (b) when a reasonable suspicion that the user uses the software, products and / or websites for breaking the law or the rights skype third-party;
Skype (c) if a reasonable suspicion that user uses or use criteria unfairly inappropriately repayment or any of the provisions skype.
Skype (d) if a reasonable suspicion that the user uses products, software and / or websites skype fraudulently or the user account to be used fraudulently by a third party;
(E) if the user has purchased credit by the retailer unauthorised skype.
(F) with regard to a particular product, after a notice of thirty (30) days if skype decides to stop offering product;
(G) immediately if required due to legal changes / regulations, or by an authority with legislator mandate or by one of the partners of skype.
(H) with a notice period of 30 days if decided to discontinue the supply of software skype for users.
11.3 skype will valid access to this resolution preventing user account to software, products and / or websites skype (where applicable).
Skype reserves the right to cancel user accounts that remained inactive for more than one (1) year.
11.4 consequences of the resolution.
Following resolution of user skype report: (a) all licences and rights to the use of software products and / or of websites skype; (b) the user will immediately to cease use of software, products and / or websites; and (c) skype user will remove the all hard disks, software from the networks and other electronic media and destroy all copies of the software in its possession or under its control.
12.
Exclusion collateral, limitation of liability and compensation
12.1 under this paragraph 12, " includes its subsidiaries and skype " legal entities affiliated and its officials, agents, licenzianti and administrators, employees.
12.2 exclusion of guarantees: to the maximum extent permitted by the law: the software, products and websites are provided without guarantees " ancillary " skype and are used at risk of user without any warranty; provides no guarantee, claims or skype statement and does not recognise any guarantee of any kind, is expressed in respect of software or law implied, products and / or websites, including without limitation on them, skype guarantees or conditions of quality, performance, not breach merchantability or fitness for use for a particular purpose.
Skype nor declares or shall ensure that the software, products and / or websites skype will always be available, accessible, relentless, timely, safe, accurate, complete and free from error or work without loss of packages, and skype would not guarantee a link to or transmission from the internet, or the quality of calls made by means of software.
12.3 anything as provided for in these conditions of use or exclude responsibility for (for limited skype) death or personal injury, (b) loss to intentionally or serious misconduct by skype, (c) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or (d) any liability that can not be limited or excluded from the existing law.
12.4 exclusion of responsibility.
User recognises and accepts that responsibility, whether it will have no skype emanating from the contract, to illegal (including) or else responsibility of negligence, even if skype or not it was informed of the possibility of such damage or loss, in report or arising from the use user websites skype, software internet or other type of software granted free of charge.
The only right or remedy user than any problems or dissatisfaction related to software and / or websites skype is immediately and stop using software uninstall this software and / or of websites skype.
12.5 limitation of liability: except as specified in paragraphs 12.3 and 12.4, skype will have no responsibility for the user, whether it be emanating from the contract, to illegal (including negligence) or any other assumption of responsibility, even if or not it was informed of the possibility skype such damage or loss, in relation to:
(A) any consequential loss, special or consequential, occasional; or
(B) any loss of income, assets, profits (actual or potential), opportunities, advantages or reputation (direct or indirect); or
(C) any damage of data (direct or indirect);
(D) any claim for compensation, damage or loss (direct or indirect) arising from or relating to:
(I) that consumers will use the software to call the emergency services;
(Ii) not further arrangements for access to emergency services in accordance with paragraph 5.5.
(Iii) the limitation of services as defined in paragraph 5.6;
(Iv) failure to provide information about its position to an operator of emergency services; or
(V) the behaviour of the operator of the emergency services from third parties to which the user may be connected.
(E) any claim for compensation, damage or loss (direct or indirect) arising from or relating to:
(I) any product or service provided by a third party in accordance with its conditions of use including, without limitation, skype wifi;
(Ii) any technology third-party;
(Iii) any website to third parties.
12.6 except as specified in paragraphs 12.5, overall responsibility for 12.3-to the user in relation to skype these conditions of use, (emanating from the contract, illegal, including the negligence or any other case of responsibility) shall not exceed the overall amount paid by the user for products for a period of 12 months immediately prior to the date of the event that has created its complaint, which will in any case subject to a maximum of five thousand euros.
12.7 if a third party present against skype demands or due to the user in relation to eligible (s) breach of these conditions of use; (ii) breach of regulations or laws in force; (iii) failure or violation of the rights of any third party (including the intellectual property rights); (iv) contributions from user or (v) complaints from the user in relation to any contribution user, user and from all responsibility for skype indennizzerà manleverà any damage, responsibility, loss, costs and expenses (including costs and legal expenses) in relation to those demands.
13.
Products, services and websites third-party
13.1 third parties may offer products or services via the software and / or websites skype, including applications, games, images, ringtones, or avatar.
Skype although it has not assumed responsibility for such products or services where the user show problems with the payment or download for the use or the installation of those goods or services, skype will as far as possible to provide assistance or resolve these problems.
Products or services to third parties may be subject to the conditions and criteria for the protection of privacy supplier third user will have to accept at the time of download or installation.
User should inspect prior to these conditions any acquisition of goods or services and third parties will not under any circumstances skype liable if the user to do so. omettesse
13.2 user notes and accepts that any information concerning the price and products third-party this on websites concerning the skype products and services, the same is provided by the operator (operator). 3
The operator has the power to amend the prices or to stop the availability of their products at any time.
Skype is not involved in transactions between the user and any undertaking whose products and / or services are available on the websites skype.
Skype does not control, are not responsible for and does not guarantee: (i) prices, quality, performance, availability or the terms and conditions for the purchase of goods or services provided by the operator; (ii) any payment transactions, deliveries made or activities relating to after-sales goods or services bought on websites merchants; (iii) the availability of the websites of the operator; (iv) the completeness, the truth or accuracy of advertising or other materials present on websites merchants or which they made available, or for any lists or other content relating to these products and services displayed on websites skype; (v) links to the websites of merchants found in the websites skype.
Questions, complaints or claims relating to products or services provided by an undertaking must be addressed to the operator concerned.
13.3 software and websites skype may include hyperlinks to websites of third parties.
Skype is not responsible for websites third-party or for their willingness and does not approve any content or material these websites of third parties.
Use of each of these websites third shall be subject to terms and conditions published on the website.
14.
Additional conditions
Skype 14.1 the guidelines on the use of etiquette provides skype and behaviour to be taken to correct and respectful other members of the community skype.
Read carefully the guidelines, which are an integral part of these conditions of use.
14.2 where the user will use the software for communication via the internet with any transmission, must comply with conditions of use for transmissions to the address http: / / www.skype.com / legal / broadcast
14.3 kit software development and bees.
Kits software development provided via skype on the website (including " developer skype ") and the use of any Skypekit bees (application program interface) exposed or made available by skype are subject to the conditions that licence, where appropriate, will govern the use by user of this specific software.
Where user uses this software development kit (as appropriate) or bees, he confirms that it has read the licensing conditions (and) they comply with applicable and accessible at http: / / developer.skype.com /.
14.4 notice on the free and open source software Qik is included in this document for reference.
15.
Confidential information and privacy
Skype undertakes to respect the privacy and confidentiality of personal information of the user.
Skype will personal information of the user, traffic data and content of the notifications in accordance with the privacy policy skype: http: / / / / privacy. go www.skype.com
16.
Only users government
Software and documentation shall be respectively " computer software business " and " documentation computer software " and these commercial terms should be interpreted according to the united states federal acquisition regulations (regulations on federal in the us), section 12.212 acquisition.
Any use of software or documentation duplication or disclosure by or on behalf of the government of the united states is subject to the restrictions specified in this contract.
17.
Contacting skype
17.1 contact in relation to the software skype or skype products mark skype, " a request for assistance at complete support.skype.com.
17.2 contact in relation to skype or products to mark " software Qik " a request for assistance, complete Qik at support.qik.com.
17.3 user contact with skype systems other than those specified in paragraphs 17.1, the request may not be 17.2 or taken into account.
18.
Various
18.1 user accepts the use of electronic communications to enter into contracts, to issue orders and create other electronically record and for the delivery of notices, regulations, changes and records of transactions with skype.
18.2 skype for convenience, can provide a translation of the english version of these conditions of use.
Where discrepancies between the translated version of conditions and the english version, it will be the last to regulate the relationship with skype.
18.3 these conditions constitute the entire contract between the user and the use of software, the relatively skype products and / or of websites skype and replace any previous agreement between the user and the use of software, the relatively skype products and / or of websites skype.
18.4 where one of the clauses of these conditions of use (or part of it), is considered illegal, invalid or not applicable by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction, the clause (or part of it) should be removed from the conditions, without affecting the applicability of the law, the validity or other conditions.
Paragraph 20.3 (s) clarifies what happens if the view expressed in paragraph 20.3 (arbitration clause and arbitration renunciation of the legal action collective) is illegal, invalid or not applicable.
Inconsistencies where there were as specified in this section, will prevail as set out in (i). (20.3
18.5 failure by exercise or delay in skype, exercise in a legal right or measure provided for by the conditions or by law must not be a waiver to this right or measure by skype.
Where skype agrees to an exemption of these conditions, that will not be an act of consensus on the same conditions. future violations
18.6 user can not surrender these conditions or any rights or obligations they contain.
Skype may without prior notice, assign these conditions, the rights and obligations they contain any third party.
18.7 this paragraph 18, together with the sections 4.2, 12 20.3 and other provisions, clearly expressed or are persistent or in the event of termination still valid, will continue to be valid even after the fall of conditions.
18.8 user notes and accepts that where skype can not provide the software, products and / or websites skype due to an event of force majeure, skype not obligations to user breaks, according to these conditions of use.
An event of force majeure event that is not indicate any under the supervision of skype.
18.9 conditions not referred to in paragraph 20.3 and in accordance with the laws will be governed interpreted of luxembourg and will be under the jurisdiction of the courts in luxembourg.
Conditions expressed in (20.3 will be governed by federal Arbitration act the united states (us law on the regulation of arbitration).
18.10 avc / h.264: if the software that is used for calls (s) between the personal computer and a device which is not a personal computer or (ii) between devices which are not personal computer, you can use the h.264 / avc codec for promoting the function video, in which case applies the following warning: function video in this product shall be granted on avc patent licence for the personal use and non-commercial avc consumer (i) for video encode in accordance with standard (" video ") and avc avc / or (ii) decode video encoded by a consumer for personal use avc and non-commercial and / or supplied by a provider of video under avc.
Shall not be granted also implied, for other uses, licence.
Further information is available on the the mpeg, at www.mpegla.com. l.l.c.
19.
Specific conditions of the product
19.1 skype (previously called " numbers numbers online ") and numbers skype to go
(A) availability and utilisation.
When provides a number or numbers skype to go skype, user recognises:
(I) do not have the properties number or have the right to maintain this number forever;
(Ii) provided that the number is subject to the laws in force on numbers and practices legislation;
(Iii) regularly hold the specific requirements for the award of the number and all the instructions provided by skype skype or its partners may provide the user, in relation to the use of numbers and products;
(Iv) not to transfer or attempting to transfer its number to third parties.
In particular, the user will be responsible for compliance to the requirements and address and residence
(V) will provide information accurate, comprehensive and updated when skype calls for, indicating any changes to this information.
Skype reserves the right to modify the conditions relating to numbers and / or to skype numbers to go, without limitation, including skype entitled to impose or change the residence requirements and / or request further information to the user to continue to have access to such numbers.
In some countries the number may be issued to user from a partner rather than skype, skype, and the user may be kept in a separate contract with that partners.
(B) other changes to the figures.
If skype should withdraw or change the number allocated to user, user shall communicate, via the skype instruments available, with a commercial e-mail including the effective date of the change and, where possible, the new number.
Where user does not wish to accept the new number, he will have the power to cancel the number.
19.2 user account on skype manager
(A) the consumer can not be a member of more than one at a time. skype manager
(B) all numbers skype purchased before 21 july 2009 and assigned to the administrator of a user could be returned to the administrator, skype manager if for any reason the user leaves the account skype manager.
The right to use the number and the cancellation of that right lies on the administrator to his manager, skype honest judgement.
(C) personal data and traffic-states.
As a member of an account manager, user recognises and skype accepts that the administrator may, with his consent skype manager to consult with all information concerning the activity of your user account, including the time, the date, the duration and destination of all the calls and sms sent, and the data on purchases and materials downloaded.
User may withdraw its consent at any time, by changing the settings on your user account.
Including personal data, including name and position in the directory manager, the user is aware that skype these data can be displayed by other members of skype manager.
I subscriptions
(A) conditions of use.
Skype wishes to offer their customers the best plans (" "), telephone subscription as inexpensive as possible.
These usage conditions have been laid down to prevent situations of fraud and abuse for the subscription by a minority of skype users.
Under these conditions of use, subscriptions unlimited skype calls to the fixed telephone allow unlimited in the subscription applicable (except numbers special assistance, premium and non-geographic).
May also be included calls unlimited mobile phones to where permitted when purchasing.
All calls are being closed down and provide for the return of the number if above the 2 hours of conversation.
Subscriptions skype include for individual use, communications in accordance with the work of personal or conditions of use skype (" legitimate, ").
The following non-exhaustive list defines practices that are not to be regarded as legitimate use:
(S) use of subscription to operations call center, or telemarketing.
(Ii) resale minutes of subscription;
(Iii) sharing of subscription between users through, call center, or other computer pbx means;
(Iv) call numbers (with single mode, sequential or automatic) to generate revenues personal or third parties as a result of calls that can not be defined communications individual employment and under section 4.1 of the conditions of use; and
Call unusual types (v) do not comply with normal use of subscription individual, for example regular short-term or should call numbers in a short period of time multiple.
Other practices which could help to determine the legitimate use; skype reserves the right to assess any illegal activity, banned or unusual in defining such use. abnormal
Skype has the option to terminate the relationship with their customer or immediately suspend the subscription, where the latter is used concludes contrary to the conditions of use.
Where plausible, will make the misuse before the skype known suspension or termination of the subscription and, if appropriate, can offer the user a subscription alternative.
(B) skype reserves the right to withdraw or amend subscriptions at any time.
Where skype amends items included in subscription, will send a notice by e-mail containing skype changes and the date of validity thereof.
Where user does not wish to take these changes will have the right to cancel the subscription, starting from the date on which the changes become effective.
Subscription unlimited " (c) the world extra ' has a minimum period of two years from the date of purchase.
User disdirlo can not before the expiry date of minimum 2 years, except in case of breach of the terms by skype.
Subscription is charged monthly payment as applicant.
19.4 skype wifi
Skype wifi is provided by one of the partners wifi skype.
Use skype wifi is subject to the conditions of use of partners.
Before launching a session in a wi-fi hotspot, skype wifi user will be informed on the identity of providers and the conditions for their use wifi.
User will be required to read the conditions of use, which will have to accept, to proceed with the session skype wi-fi.
Skype wifi be paid with the skype, and the use of credit credit skype is subject to these conditions of use.
19.5 sms
Each sms message has a limit of 160 characters.
User type a message longer, it will be split into a number that sms will be charged accordingly for each message.
Send sms messages if the user more people the debiting will amount to each message to each recipient.
If could not (for any reason) send the sms, will continue to send the message until the skype 24 hours after, and the charge to the sms automatically credit will be repaid user if delivery of skype message not successful.
19.6 calls group
(A) is provided for acceptance of the conditions of use available at www.skype.com / / and go here for reference. terms.gvc.fairusage attached
Skype reserves the right to amend the conditions of use at any time.
Changes become effective as soon as published on the website skype.
Continued use of subscription premium subsequent to the publication on the website skype skype will be the acceptance by the user of terms and conditions of use changed.
(B) number of participants.
The allowed number of participating in a videochiamata group 3 to a maximum of 10 varies, depending on system requirements.
Further information is available at / go / skypepremium www.skype.com.
(C) conversion audio.
If videochiamata during a group a subscription premium or a daily expire or skype pass limits are being exceeded under the conditions of use, or the marketing premium subscription leaves the sign (and skype any other participant holds a subscription), will be called skype premium converted from video in audio.
(D) versions of the software.
If videochiamata one participant to a group uses a version of the software internet which does not support the calls group can only participate in audio.
Requirements system calls for the group are available at www.skype.com / go / skypepremium.requirements.
(E) live chat.
Subscription provides assistance customers in skype premium live chat.
Assistance is available 24 hours a day, every day and only in english.
19.7 conditions of use Qik premium
Qik premium is subject to the conditions of use of 15 gb storage per month and each video video there can be no longer than 90 minutes.
Once achieved such limits, will not be possible upload new video for the month or continue to record beyond the limit of 90 minutes.
Skype reserves the right to amend the conditions of use at any time.
Changes become effective as soon as published on the website skype.
Qik continued use of following the publication on the website skype premium will be the acceptance by the user of terms and conditions of use changed.
19.8 Videomessaggi (" ") skype Videomessaggi
Those without a subscription premium may send a limited number of skype Videomessaggi, with a maturity date.
Conditions of use.
These conditions of use are intended to prevent abuse and fraudulent activities by means of videomessaggi.
The videomessaggi include only for personal use, individual and non-commercial and must comply with these conditions at any time (" legitimate, ").
Skype reserves the right to evaluate any illegal activity, banned or unusual when defining the abnormal use and determine whether such activities is not a legitimate.
Skype has the option to terminate the relationship with their customer or immediately suspend the where the accounts are used under the conditions of use contrary videomessaggi expressed here.
20.
Pay with a mobile device
20.1 this section concerns the choice of the payment system through third parties that can pay credit and payment in some products skype cell phone bill, where applicable (" pay with a mobile device.
20.2 selecting pays with a mobile device or using:
User authorizes (a) their mobile phone operator to charge the expenses directly on the invoice for the mobile phone and
(B) confirmed to be the natural or legal person responsible for the account associated with the telephone number communicated cell phone at the time of use of pay with a mobile device or have been authorised by the natural or legal person to support such a charge.
20.3 arbitration ritual and renunciation of the legal action for collective accounts us.
Pays if you check with a mobile device and the account of mobile phone is reregistered mobile phone operator american or user in that country is will apply the following additional conditions:
20.3 paragraph (a) any dispute between the user and is skype or any part three, including mobile operators and subsidiaries of skype (and referred to as " party " or " parties " challenger) as regards the use contenders user pays formula with a mobile device.
Here disputes relating to the application or are excluding the validity of intellectual property rights user, or of skype. skype LICENZIANTI
With controversy, as regards paragraph 20.3, means any disputes, action or other dispute on any principle of contractual, guarantee unlawful action regulation, legislation or other legal principle measure or reasonable.
Disputes will be granted the wider meaning possible according to the rules of law.
(B) in case of disputes, the user must provide skype or any other part a contender, or a statement written notification of the dispute containing the name, address and contact details of the part that the subscribes the facts who caused the origin and compensation required.
Notification dispute must be sent to skype or to the holding at the subsidiary: legal department, microsoft corporation one way and microsoft redmond, wa 98052-7329 any other party in registered american contenders for the attention of: legal department.
Part challenger will send the notification of at user dispute if available, or the e-mail address recorded.
User and try to settle the dispute through a contender informal negotiations within 60 days of date of dispatch of the notification of the dispute, after which the competitor can initiate action of arbitration.
(C) the user can also initiate legal action before a court in disputes minor in the country of residence, if the dispute has all the requirements to be debated here.
Is impossible to go in with these courts though before that hearing was not been any informal negotiations.
(D) arbitration ritual.
If user and do not resolve the dispute with the negotiations contender informal or in the courts for small claims, any effort to the resolution will be managed exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the ritual covered Arbitration act (faa) us federal (federal law for the settlement of disputes through arbitration).
User waives the right of hearing any dispute or to take part as a member of the collective action at the court in front of a judge or a jury.
Disputes will therefore be resolved before an arbitrator, whose decision shall be considered final neutral, except for the right up to appeal under federal Arbitration act.
Any court having jurisdiction on the parties will enforce the arbitration award.
(C) waiver of legal action collectively.
Any legal action for the resolution or the hearing of the dispute in any court will be managed exclusively on an individual basis.
Or user nor the challenger shall strive to the dispute in collective legal action before a attorney general, or in front of a procedure in which a party has or proposes with the option of representation.
No arbitration or proceeding shall be combined with with another without a prior written consent of all parties, for all the arbitration or processes concerned.
(F) the arbitration will be conducted by the american association (aaa) Arbitration in accordance with the regulations governing the application of commercial arbitration.
If user is a natural person and using the software and products for personal or domestic use, or if the value of the dispute is equal to or less than 75,000 us dollars, regardless of the fact that the user is a person or the uses made procedures will apply additional disputes related to consumer products.
For more information, see page or call the number + 1-800-778-7879 adr.org.
In a dispute with value equal to or less than 75,000 usd skype legal expenses and the costs will promptly to the arbitration of the aaa.
User skype and they accepted the procedures governing the settlement of disputes, the payment of charges and incentives to go.microsoft.com / /? page = 275219 fwlink linkid.
Arbitration send the aaa to start a module available in / /? page = 275627 go.microsoft.com fwlink linkid.
Arbitration launching the only in the country of residence will be agreed on user in santa clara county, california, or in another place in the united states in part relevant professional contender.
Skype and other parties to the dispute agree to agree to arbitration only in the country of residence of the user.
(G) to the extent permitted by law, any claim or dispute concerning the use by the user pays formula with a mobile device must be lodged within one year before a court in the small claims ((20.3 (c)) or presented before arbitration (paragraph (d)) 20.3.
The period of one year starts when it is possible deposit for the first time the request or the dispute.
If it is not made within one year, this demand or dispute falls into prescribed.
(H) rejection of any changes to arbitration.
User may reject any change brings to 20.3 (other than skype (guidelines) sending skype changes within 30 days from the date a notice of that change to mail at announced (20.3 (b).
Then will apply the latest version (20.3 before the amendment rejected.
(S) if the renunciation of the collective legal action referred to in paragraph is considered unlawful invalid or 20.3 inapplicable for all or parts of the dispute, to the parties (20.3 will not be applied.
Instead, these parties will be deleted and brought to justice in court, and the remaining parties remain under arbitration.
If any other provision of (20.3 is considered unlawful invalid or unenforceable, this provision will be deleted, with the rest of the paragraph which kept fully effective and effect. 20.3
User explicitly recognises to have read the present conditions of use and have included the rights, obligations, the terms and conditions given.
By clicking on the button and / or by the installation or accept the use of software products and / or the websites skype, user to be bound by expressly agrees relating terms and conditions and to allow skype rights appearing in this contract.
© skype-last updated: april 2013
