Https: / / www.skyscanner.it / terms-of-service
Service
Last updated: february 2020
Who are we?
Skyscanner (" we " or " our " depending on the context) provides services instantaneous research online travel (by comparing prices of flights, hotels and) and other travel services (autonoleggi the ' services ') to travellers throughout the world through our websites, our app (the " platforms ' other platforms).
Skyscanner is not a travel agency and, therefore, is not considered to be responsible in any way, to provide set or control prices applicable to any of the travel options or products found and / or booked through our services (" travel products of third parties.
All these travel products of third parties are provided by travel agencies, hotels, airlines, tour operators or other third parties (" suppliers ") and independent travel are subject to the terms and conditions of these third parties.
Our services and our platforms are provided by a limited liability company limited, Skyscanner private established and registered in england and wales with number 04217916.
Other entities that, directly or indirectly, control, are subsidiaries or are under the control of common are given in these terms such as ' Skyscanner companies in the group ". Skyscanner
All the information on our company, including the mail address and registered office are available in the page information on the holding.
These terms
These terms and conditions (" ") regulate access and use of our services and our platforms by the user, together with our privacy policy, the information on the use of cookies and the guidelines for the community.
Accessing services or platforms, or use, the user confirmation of having read, understood and accepted these terms and those of privacy policy, the information on the use of cookies and the guidelines for the community.
Use user of some of our services and our platforms (as our products " for the companies ') is regulated Skyscanner from terms and different conditions.
Then user will be expressly informed and the specific terms or will present terms, to replace as appropriate.
These terms may undergo changes at any time at our discretion.
Where these terms should suffer changes, will be published the new terms and conditions so that the user can see them.
Continued use of our services or of our following the amendment of the terms, platforms will mean accepting them.
Where user does not accept the present terms, is invited to discontinue the use of our services or of our platforms.
Use services Skyscanner
Are allowed to use our services and our platforms only in accordance with the applicable laws and legitimate purpose.
Since user agrees to comply with the present terms, will be given a licence to download, access and use non-trasferibile non-esclusiva our services and our platforms Skyscanner exclusively for purposes non-commercial and personal for any other purposes.
Specifically, the licence shall be granted following the recognition by the user of the following requirements:
Is prohibited the use of our services or of our platforms for any improper or unlawful to publish or end, share any material (s) or transmitting, offensive or defamatory obscene detestable; (ii) that breach confidentiality and privacy or the rights of any third party including copyright, trade mark or any other intellectual property rights; (iii) that is published, shared or sent to advertising or promotional in relation to themselves or to third parties; or (iv) which is misleading or your identity or leaving suggested deviant in any way be sponsored, or related to affiliated; or (v) the user Skyscanner has no right or permit which is necessary to make available;
Prohibited departments or of our platforms for commercial purposes or in any other way which could damage to or damaging the reputation of Skyscanner Skyscanner;
Disassembling shall reverse engineering is prohibited or any software application, update or decompilare hardware or our services or content available through our platforms, with the exception of cases provided for by law;
Is prohibited to copy, distribute, make public, sell, rent or otherwise our services or pay use our platforms, or to violate or circumvent security measures designed to restrict access or use by the user of our services or of our platforms;
Are banned from using or interfere with our services or our platforms in a way that harms, disable,, or compromise our systems overloading undermine or our security or interfere with other users;
Be introduced or pass through our services or our platforms or harmful virus, any code disruptive worm, or or a trojan horse attack " denial of service ' or ' spam '; or
Is prohibited remove, change or remove any notice of paternity, registered trade marks, trade names, logos and other descriptions are present in our services or on our platforms or pass or try to push through our services or our platforms as the product of any person other than Skyscanner.
User accepts also do not use any computer program unauthorised agent, software, automated bot, or other software application to scan or spider, copying index, or otherwise exploit ordering our services or our platforms or data contained therein.
Skyscanner invested heavily in collection, in the analysis and the presentation of thousands of data providers travel and offers access to data travel on an api trade.
Any violation of these provisions is to be considered therefore a material breach of these terms.
Skyscanner reserves the right to take any action necessary technical or legal to identify and limit the automated access unauthorised to our services and to our platforms.
Since user consistent or use any function of our services or of our platforms requiring username and password for login, agree to be responsible for the storage of these details access passwords and confidential and secure.
User learns or suspected, for whatever reason, that the safety of its credentials access has been compromised, please inform our helpdesk as soon as possible.
Our services and our platforms are not intended for children under the age of 16 years and no aged under 16 years shall provide information to our services or to our platforms or using the same.
Harvest not under any circumstances so intentional personal information from children under 16 years and where we realized collecting or received personal information from a child under the age of 16 years we will delete such information in accordance with the privacy policy.
Where any part of our services or of our platforms is on a website of hosted third parties (e.g. facebook and other social media sites) and these sites are third usage terms separated user agrees to fully respect such terms and conditions, in addition to these terms.
Share information with us
We take seriously the user privacy, so in accordance with the laws we are constantly data protection.
User acknowledges that the personal data (defined in our privacy policy) which he sent to our services or to our platforms, or through, may be that we use them in accordance with our privacy policy.
Also user confirmation that all personal data supplied are accurate and up-to-date and that it has obtained all the permits, licences or approvals necessary for us to use this information in compliance with these words, of our guidelines for the community and of our privacy policy.
Insofar our services or our platforms allow to publish, load, transmit or make available any information, image, video otherwise or other gave or to other users (" Skyscanner Skyscanner "), the user content user confirmation of:
Was the only one responsible for the content uploaded and accept and user who undertake not to publish not holds nothing the right or the permission or for which can not guarantee the licence referred to in paragraph 2 below;
Although all the intellectual property rights relating to any user content are the property of user or its licensees and the user is always free to share its contents user, user moved to with anyone else and businesses of the Skyscanner Skyscanner law non-exclusive, continuous exempt from dues, international and transferable, host, transferable or reproducing and use in other ways, show that electronically publicly, to adapt, publish, distribute and create work translate derived from any content (user in accordance with our privacy policy), included the uses advertising and promotion of our services or of our platforms.
E.g. could make the contents available user to our trading partners or other companies of the group for display on their websites. Skyscanner
User retains control of the contents user services and loaded has the right to terminate this Skyscanner licence at any time by the user content or your account Skyscanner.
Content user will be eliminated quickly within 48 hours of request for removing.
Be responsibility for creating the backup for the user content if deemed necessary, recognising that is not required to store, maintain Skyscanner, publish or make available the contents by user. user loaded
User provides us with suggestions, comments, ideas or other improvements (" feedback "), comments undertakes to transfer irrevocably intellectual property of such feedback and the use and sharing the same acconsentite for any purpose, we consider it appropriate to our full discretion.
Leaving feedback, please click on the label " feedback " or through our helpdesk.
Properties Skyscanner
Unless otherwise indicated within the present terms, all the intellectual property rights including the copyright (including the copyright of computer software), driving licences registered trade marks or trade names, design rights, rights of database, know-how, trade secrets and confidentiality rights relating to our services and to our platforms (together, the " intellectual property rights ") are owned by Skyscanner, which holds a licence.
User recognises that using our services or our platforms will not acquire Skyscanner Skyscanner no rights, title or interest on them except for the licence granted in accordance with these terms the user had not also confirms no right to access to the source code relating to our services or to our platforms unless granted by a licence which allows specifically this type of access.
Property of others
Respect the intellectual property rights of others.
If the user has reason to believe that its copyright has been violated by any content this on our services or on our platforms, the alleged violation of this in writing please notificarci notification sending at legal @, for the attention of our legal department skyscanner.net.
Alternatively, the user can contact address:
Skyscanner legal department
Quartermile one place, edinburgh, 15 Lauriston Eh3 9en
To help solve any alleged breach and, where applicable, to make a valid notification under the digital millennium copyright act (for which purpose the legal department is the designated agent), please include the following information in the notification:
Identification opera protected by copyright that is deemed to have been infringed;
Identification material which is the violation and sufficient information to enable us to identify the person reasonably in our services (e.g., providing the url of the material);
Skyscanner sufficient information for the user can contact: address, telephone number, e-mail address and, if available;
Statement user stating in good faith to believe that the contested use is not authorised by the owner of copyright, its agent or by law;
Just claims under dmca: statement by the user without under penalty of perjury, and physical or electronic signature user information above present in the notification is accurate and that the user himself is the owner of copyright or is authorised to act on behalf of the legal owner of copyright.
Accuracy of prices and guarantee thresholds
Use services and platforms is entirely in peril of Skyscanner user.
Although stringent policies we have concluded " accuracy " price with all suppliers travel that we provide data travel and we do our best to ensure that the substance on or through our services and our platforms are updated and accurate, we can not guarantee the reliability and the accuracy of that content.
Similarly, our expectations price are based on data at our disposal which refer to the price of the past, but there is no guarantee that our predictions are correct.
Provide our services and our platforms based on " and " all kinds of expressly decliniamo as-is responsibility, or condition, so explicit or implicit guarantee, including, but not only, their guarantees an not breach or and precision, as every merchantability guarantee resulting from commercial use negotiation or progress.
Within imposed by the law, we do not provide representations whatsoever or guarantees our services or our platforms (a) are accurate, complete and current; (b) are always available; (c) always meet your expectations; or (d) are safe and free from error, failures, faults, viruses and malware.
Forecast price
Joined serving notice price, the user can receive from information on projections for the price Skyscanner flights of interest.
Price forecasts are based on the best guess you can provide in a specific time on the basis of data at our disposal reported to past trends.
There is no guarantee that our predictions are correct, as the prices and availability of flights are dependent on third parties, as explained above.
User may choose to rely on our forecasts, however, we can not and will not guarantee to ensure the accuracy and we do not assume any liability for any inaccuracies or due to the lack of availability of indicative prices.
Ordering through Skyscanner
Skyscanner is not a travel agency and we do not tackle give any options travel shown through our services or our platforms, or to establish or check prices shown.
All products travel of third parties available and / or through our services or our prenotabili platforms are made available by providers journey independent.
Skyscanner facilitates bookings with suppliers travel but is not responsible and had no obligation towards the user in relation to those reservations.
The identity of the supplier travel relevant and the terms and conditions applicable to the reservation with them (" terms of provider travels "), shall be notified at the time of reservation and the user must ensure to read them and understand them fully before completing the reservation.
Supplier travel should lay down the terms of the rights which the user towards the supplier has travel and define the responsibilities of the supplier to the user in cases where there are events not covered.
User agrees to comply fully with all the terms of the supplier travel.
User recognises that the violation of the terms of the supplier travel could lead to the cancellation of tickets or withdrawal of benefits frequent flyer reservations, and other advantages and further objections.
Depending on the place of use of our platforms to carry out the reservation of two or more products travel over 24 hours (e.g. a flight and, separately, but within 24 hours after the first reservation,), a hotel bookings could be classified as " planning travel related " depending on where it is the user and the laws on consumer protection applicable.
Depending on the place where the planning travel related was created, the user may not receive the same level of consumer protection that otherwise could receive a flight and a hotel through a prenotando single agent (where could obtain benefits booking holidays applicable).
This means that we must rely on each individual supplier travel to perform its services and not to have recourse to the organizer or the retailer a legal package.
In the event of insolvency of one of the partners involved in planning travel, the protection afforded by european legislation related on package travel will not be applied.
Restrictions and exclusions responsibility
In these terms and conditions are set out all obligations and responsibilities of Skyscanner in relation to our services and to our platforms.
Skyscanner has no responsibility for any agreements with third parties following the use of our services or of our platforms (including, without limitation, any supplier travel).
For any type of problem with already carried out or reservation is trying to make through, user must recognize Skyscanner solve this problem with the supplier travel relevant the only solution in these circumstances, including any repayment, falls on the supplier travel relevant and not Skyscanner.
Where our services or our platforms contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links shall be construed as offered for information purposes.
We have no control over the content of these sites or resources and we do not assume any responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that might result from their use.
You will see advertisements sent by third parties on our services and on our platforms.
Inserzionista each is the sole responsibility for the content of its advertisements and assumes no responsibility for the Skyscanner contents of advertising material, including, for example, any errors, omissions or errors.
Within maximum permitted by law, we (together with our officials, managers, employees, representatives, and third parties) affiliated, suppliers can not tolerate any responsibility for (a) any kind of inaccuracy or omission in content shown or through our services or raised our platforms; or (b) any inevitable, accident, delay or any loss or damage special exemplary punishment, indirectly, accidental or any consequential (including, without limitation, the loss of income or savings) and on the basis of a contract, illicit (including), civil or negligence objective liability user made on the basis of access to, use of, or the lack of access to or use our services or our platforms or any other content this on them.
In compliance with these terms and as permitted by law, our highest joint responsibility towards user resulting or in connection with these terms or access to, use of, or failure to access or use of our services or of our platforms is limited to the sum of £ 100 % (gbp).
Anything along these lines will exclude or (a) our responsibility in case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or fraud or fraudulent our declaration; (b) any other responsibilities that can not be excluded by law; or (c) the legal rights of user.
Responsibility of the user to us
Under these terms, the user will be held responsible and attributable to any kind of legal action, complaint, process, cost, losses, damage and expenditure (including, without limitation, legal expenses) incurred by us or by companies in the group and any of our officials Skyscanner, directors, employees and agents, arising from the use by the user of our services or of our platforms or the violation of these terms.
Conclusion
Skyscanner at its discretion, may be terminated immediately any agreement with the user under these terms at any time upon notification to the user and / or, if you have an account of access, cancelling the subscription and access to your account and removing any content uploaded on our services or user on our platforms.
Skyscanner may suspend access and use by the user, in whole or in part, without warning and at any time, for example, to prevent the user load content, without incurring any user any responsibility.
General provisions
User acknowledges that unauthorised use of our services or of our platforms can result in damage and irreparable damage and / or its affiliated or Skyscanner licensees for which the payments in cash are inadequate.
Therefore where occurs that unauthorised use, we and our staff members and / or licensees (where applicable) we reserve the right to request immediately, in addition to all further remedies available under the law, a injunctive order immediately.
Invalidity inapplicability or of any provision (in part or in whole) of these terms does not prejudge in any way the validity or the applicability of the remaining provisions (in part or in full).
Available the whole or part thereof that is deemed invalid or by a court of competent jurisdiction inapplicable will be considered deleted by these terms.
These terms are personal user.
User has no right to allocate these terms, in whole or in part, to third parties without our written consent.
These terms are the entire contract between the user and replace all the and Skyscanner terms, conditions, previous agreements relating to the use of our services or of our platforms.
Interverremo promptly on each reporting content that these terms. user breaks
Where user becomes aware or suspected of illegal activities, please contact us through our helpdesk.
Any failure to enforce any of our present words will not be interpreted as loss of those terms or restriction to right to enforce subsequently any of these terms.
A person who is not part of these terms does not have the right to enforce any provisions of these terms.
Irrespective of the country by accessed or operating our services or our platforms, as permitted by law, these terms and use by the user will be settled in accordance with the law in england and wales, and it is believed that the user is subject to the jurisdiction of the courts non-exclusive of england and wales to resolve any dispute that may arise later.
User uses the platforms or services for commercial purposes or through a computer program unauthorised, as further detailed in section " and no use our services " of these time limits, shall submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales for any dispute arising from the present terms, unless there is a trade agreement between us to regulate the use by the user and that it contains different rules.
Contact us
For more information about or to propose suggestions on how to improve Skyscanner our services or our platforms, you can contact our helpdesk.
Alternatively, you can write at one place, edinburgh, 15 Quatermile Lauriston, for the attention of our Eh3 9en chief legal officer. "
