Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20170718231142 / https: / / / / / www.snap.com epiphany terms
Service snap group limited
If risiedi (outside of the united states)
With effect from: 10 january 2017
Welcome!
We are pleased that you have decided to use our other products and services and snapchat, which will subsequently with the definition of overall reference services.
We drafted these terms of service (" ") for you to meet the rules that govern our relationship with you.
Have done everything possible to eliminate the legal language, however, certain limits could still be read as a traditional contract.
This because these terms constitute a legally binding contract between you and snap group limited.
Please, read them carefully.
Using services, accept these terms.
If you do not agree with the words, not to use such services.
These terms apply to people who live outside the united states of america or who are using services on behalf of a holding situated outside the united states of america.
Residents the united states or is using services on behalf of a company, the terms of service referred rented snap inc.
Are the applicable deadlines.
Note arbitration on: if you are using services on behalf of a holding, your company is obliged to respect the clause on the arbitration which appears later in these terms.
Who can use the services
Nobody under 13 years of age can create an account or use the services.
Can offer additional services to other conditions that may require a higher age also for the use of services.
We urge you to read carefully all the terms.
Using services, declares that:
Be able to conclude a binding contract with snap group limited.
Not one person to whom was denied the use of services according to the laws of the united states, the united kingdom or other jurisdiction; or not to be applicable in the list included the treasury department of the united states among the " Specially designated " or nationals being liable to other similar ban.
Observe these terms and all laws, rules and regulations local, state, applicable national and international.
If you are using services on behalf of a company or other entity, claims to be entitled to grant any authorisation indicated in these terms and to accept the present terms on behalf of the company or of the legal entity.
2.
Rights you give
Snap group limited you licences shall be granted staff, world free non-assignable, not exclusive, and not for access and revocable sub-licenziabile the use of services.
That licence is aimed only afford to utilise and exploit the advantages of services according to the rules and policies of permitted by these terms use, as our guidelines for the community.
Any software for them could possible automatically updates, and install versions or other new features.
Can handle these settings of your download by automatic device.
You are not authorized to copy, modify, distribute, sell or hire our services, or in full or in part.
You granted to decode or attempting to extract the source code for the software, unless the prohibit such restrictions or unless you have read our written consent.
3.
Rights you give
Many departments you creates, load, publish, receive and store content. send
In doing so, keep any property rights in relation to the content.
But we provide the right to use such material.
Licence depends on the extent of that service used and the selected settings.
For all services other than live, local and other services, agreements on group limited, crowdsourcing snap snap inc.
Licensed world and our affiliates free permissible in transferable to host, storing and sublicenza, use, view, modify, play, edit adapt, publication and distribution such content throughout the period during which uses the services.
This licence is merely intended to operate, develop, provide and improve the services and to seek to promote and develop them.
Since live, local and any other service are by their nature or are crowdsourcing public public interest, the license to you granted for the content generated by these services is wider.
Besides us rights mentioned in the previous paragraph, we also provide licence derived from, promote, create works, transmitting, yield to payment present grant in, and represent publicly expose the sublicenza contained sent to live, local or any other service crowdsourcing in any form, the media and on any any method of distribution (be they currently known or subsequently developed).
Insofar necessary when in creates loads, publish, you appear or sends a live, local or other content contained in, also provide crowdsourcing group limited, snap, snap inc.
Subsidiaries to our trading partners and law and unlimited and the use of world licence your name, form and voice.
This means, among other things, that you have no right to compensation by group limited, snap, snap inc.
Or subsidiaries and of our trading partners, if your name, form or heading shall be transmitted via or through live or other services in crowdsourcing and local on a platform on the application of one of snapchat our trading partners.
For more information on how to restrict the content, take a look of your visualizzazioe to our privacy policy and site of assistance.
Although we are not obliged to do so, we can have access to your content, and eliminate them at any time, submit them revisionarli and for any reason, even if we believe that your violin these terms. content
You still solely responsible content from you created loaded, published by services. sent or stored
Services may contain advertisements.
Snap since you have group limited access and use services, you agree that snapchat limited, inc., snap
Our affiliates and our partners to include advertising in third services, including advertising according to the information we provide custom or harvest or get about you.
Since services are content that you and other users, provided we advertising will sometimes appear next to your content.
We are always nice to meet the views of our users.
However, if we informed you that make comments or suggestions spontaneously, we can use your ideas without recognize you begins.
4.
Content of third
Most contained within our services is produced by users, publishers and other third parties.
Is where the contents are widespread in public and are sent in a form where private, it's just the person or organisation that sent them to be held responsible.
Snap group limited reserves the right to review all contents appearing in services and to remove any content that violates the present terms, but not necessarily all contents are revised.
Therefore we can not take, or we take responsibility for any content that provide services through other.
By these terms and the guidelines for the community, have made it clear that the services can not be used improperly.
Since revisioniamo not all, can not guarantee that contained the contents of the services are always comply with our terms or the guidelines.
5.
Privacy
For us your privacy is important.
You can find out more about how we manage your data when using our services, in consultation with the privacy policy.
We expect you to read carefully the privacy policy because, using our services, accept that your data can be collected and processed by the united kingdom and snap group limited snap inc.
The united states, and by their subsidiaries, and transferred out of your country of residence, including countries which could not have the same laws of data protection of your country.
6.
Respect for the rights of third parties
Snap group limited respects the rights of third parties and also you should do the same.
So you can't use our services so that your actions:
Violin gli altrui rights dissemination, privacy, copyright, trademarks or deposited or other intellectual property rights.
Constitute abuse, harassment or intimidation.
Are diffamatori.
Are spam or for our users. call junk
Also are subject to rights snap and its subsidiaries, including group limited inc.. these terms don't snap grant the right to:
Use brand, logos, graphics, photographs, video or other materials used in our departments.
Copy store,, download, load, distribute, yield to payment, transmitting, represent, made available or expose also use services or content services in whole or in part, except as indicated in these terms.
Use services, tools provided by the services, or any content services for commercial purposes without our permission.
Finally can't use the services or their content in ways not expressly authorised by these terms, nor can help others to.
7.
Than copyright (copyright)
Respect copyright copyright ().
Therefore take reasonable measures to remove promptly by our services any material which infringes copyright which informs us.
If snap also aware that group limited is one of its users has repeatedly violated copyright, we will adopt in our powers reasonable measures to close the account of the user.
Reporting a possible violation of copyright is very simple.
If you feel that something in our services violates a copyright from you owned or controlled, we expect you to completing this form.
Alternatively, you can submit a report to a our communities.
Snap inc.
Attn: copyright agent
63 market street
Venice 90291, ca, usa
Email: copyright @ snap.com
Sending a notification to our agent attaché should: copyright
Contain signature natural or digital a person authorised to act on behalf of the holder of the copyright.
Identify opera protected by copyright allegedly breached.
Identify material considered is breaching these rights or are the subject of illegal activity and intends to remove or identify access which is prevention, and provide sufficient information in order to locate the material in question.
Provide contact details, including postal address, telephone number and email address.
Provide sending a personal statement where believed in good faith that the use of the material is not contested manner authorised by rights owner, its agent or the existing rules.
Provide declaration in which they certify that the information contained in the notification are correct and that penalty charges of false declaration, you're the authority to act on behalf of the holder of the copyright.
8.
Security
We commit ourselves to maintain the security of our services for all our users, but we can not guarantee.
We need your help.
Using services, agrees to:
Do not use services for illicit purposes or prohibited by these terms.
Do not use any robot, spider, or other means or interface for automatic crawler access services or to extrapolate information on other users.
Can not use or develop any application of third parties to interact with services or content or information from other users without our written consent.
Do not use services in a way that is likely to interfere with other users, not adversely affected them or turbarli prevent them from exploiting services themselves, do not use services in a way that can harm, or affect the functioning of the overload deactivate services.
Do not use or use account username or password of other users without their permission.
Not ask other users their login credentials.
Not publish or containing pornographic content violence, threats, expressions of hatred or violence. incitazioni
Not load viruses or other codes or otherwise harmful jeopardise the safety of services.
Not attempts to circumvent filter technology content from us used or try to access to areas or function of services to which you are not authorized to access.
Not explore, analyse or the vulnerability of our test or any other system or network services.
Not encourage or support activities which violate the present.
We take care of your security while calling services.
Therefore, do not use our services in ways that can distract you and don't come abide by the code or road safety laws.
E.g. never use the snap and drive and never to jeopardise your safety or that of other only to take a snap.
9.
Your account
You are responsible for any activity which occurs in your account snapchat.
For this reason, it is important keep safely.
To this end, you could have picked a password complex who will not use for any other account.
Using our services, in addition to use them wisely stated:
Do not create more than one account for yourself.
Avoid another account in case you had already disabled unless you one, did not receive our written consent.
Not buy, sell, rent or lease access to your account, live to snap to snapchat a username or the link of a friend without snapchat our written consent.
Not share your password.
Not login or try to access services by client applications or third-party unauthorised.
If you think that someone had access to your account, shall immediately contact the assistance snapchat.
10.
Remember
Remember our service data storage that makes it easier live the past, always and everywhere.
Accepting these words, you enable memories. automatically
Once function remember is activated, will remain so for all the time in which your account will be active. snapchat
Disable functions can but memories by settings.
One of the options that we provide with memory is the possibility of creating a secure area by setting a, which may be a pin passcode or a sentence or other key mechanism.
This feature is similar to the option for the blockade of the device that uses probably on your mobile device; setting out a will be less likely that, in the case passcode where another person enters into possession of your device, this can see what you saved within the restricted area of memories.
But warning: if you or your passcode for remember forget smarrisci, or if they enter too often one wrong, you will lose access to all the contents saved in the reserved area of memories.
Area reserved for this is not being offered any method recovery passcode.
Passcode recall the responsibility solely yours.
Go on our website assistance for more information.
Your contained in may become available for various reasons not remember, for example, a problem for our decision to or tecnico-operativo cease your account.
Since we can not ensure the availability of perennial, you are suggesting that you keep your contained a copy of what prejudice on separate memories.
Garantirti remember that can not be able to fully meet your needs storage.
We reserve the right to set limits storage, remember from time to time limits which we could change at our sole discretion.
And as for our other services, your use of memories will occupy space on your device and may be subject to costs for the transmission of mobile data.
Any of the functions of memory is. rivendibile
This means that you can not, for example, use your personnel file or storage remember how distribution service as to others.
11.
Tariff data and mobile phones
Six responsible for all charges applicable in relation to the use of mobile telephony services, including our text messages and tariffs data.
If unsure of the applicable costs, return to your manager before using services.
Uncheck mobile telephone if you change or used to create the account, you have to update the information of your snapchat account by settings within 72 hours, in order to avoid that we send to other people messages intended to you.
12.
Services third-party
If using a service, a function or a function operated by third parties and made available through our services (including the joint services offered with third parties), the relationship between you and the respective part will be governed by the conditions of the latter.
Or snap group limited or snap inc.
Are responsible for the deadlines set by a third party or actions taken under the terms of third parties.
13.
Edit services and withdrawal
Constantly improve our services and we are creating whenever new.
That means we can add or remove functions, products or we can also suspend or discontinue functionality and completely services.
Can these actions at any time and, in this case, we will try to give you, but this will not always be prior notification as possible.
Even though we hope you remains one for a long time, you can withdraw from Snapchatter terms, at any time and for any reason, cancelling your account.
Even snap group limited may withdraw by these terms at any time for any reason.
Try then prior notification, but not to give you we can ensure that.
Our right to withdraw from the present terms means that we could stop the supply of services or any new restrictions or the possibility of additional amounts using services.
E.g. can off your account for reasons of prolonged inactivity and your username reuse can at any time and for any reason.
Withdraw regardless of who by these terms, both you and continue to be bound by the snap group limited sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 1917 the terms themselves.
14.
Compensation
Accept within the limits of the law, to indemnify, defend and snap, snap inc. group limited manlevare,
Our affiliates, our leaders, officials, shareholders, employees and agents and against any by granting licence complaint, damage, loss compensation claim, cost, responsibility and expenditure (including legal) resulting from arising from or in any way related to: (a) your access to and use your services; (b) your content; and (c) your violation of these terms.
15.
Exemption
We do our best to maintain services fully operational and without problems.
However, we do not guarantee return.
These services are supplied " as " and " as " available and, in the limits of the law, without guarantees of any kind, expressed or implicit including but not limited to implied guarantees, conditions or other words related to, quality, fitness for a satisfactory merchantability particular purpose, ownership, peaceful, not breach, or resulting from a market conduct.
Although snap group limited undertakes to provide a good use by users, is neither shall ensure that: (a) services are always safe, free from errors and timely; (b) services are operational at all times and without delay or interruption; or (c) any imperfections content or services is timely given obtained by or accurate.
Snap, snap group limited inc.
Show affiliates and their every responsible for any content created loaded, published sent or closed by our services to you by another user or third parties.
Understand and accept that it can be exposed to content that could be offensive, illegal or otherwise, misleading without snap inappropriate group limited, snap inc.
Or their subsidiaries are responsible for any of these.
16.
Limitation of liability
Where permitted by law, snap, snap group limited inc.
And their associates managers, officials, shareholders, employees and agents are not responsible for granting licence any harm indirect incidental, special, or multiple, or for punitive with no loss of data, use or goodwill and other intangible, losses resulting from: (a) your use or impossible to use services; (b) access to your or your lack of access to services; (c) the behaviour or the content of other users or third-party services or through services; or (d) access, use or the unauthorised alteration of your views, even if it has been warned of the possibility of limited snapchat such damage.
Under no circumstances overall responsibility for snap, snap group limited inc.
Or their subsidiaries for any claims on services exceeds the sum greater of £ 100 and the amount of gbp paid to you possibly group limited during the last 12 months snap.
Certain jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or the limitation of some damage, therefore some or all exclusions and restrictions in this section may not be applicable.
17.
Dispute resolution and arbitration
If there's something bothering you, let's talk.
First contact us and will do our best to solve the problem.
Some of our services could have the additional terms which contain provisions on litigation valid exclusively for that service or for your country of residence.
If you are using services on behalf of a company (rather than for personal use), and you accepted that, within the snap group limited limits of the law, all claims and disputes between us, subsequent or related to these terms or use of services will be dealt with definitively in accordance with the regulation on arbitration incorporated by reference in lcia this clause.
There will be a referee (appointed by the place of arbitration will be london and lcia).
Arbitration will take place in english.
Unless you accept this clause, you mustn't go to the bathroom.
18.
Exclusive forum
Parties to the extent permitted under the present terms for the opening of a dispute before a court and you're concur that all the group limited snap claims and disputes (contractual or other) arising or relating to the use of these terms or our services will be promoted in exclusively before the courts of england in the united kingdom unless not allowed by the laws of your country of residence.
You snap and group limited jurisdiction of those courts. acconsentite exclusive
19.
Choice of applicable law
Laws england and wales governing these terms and all the demands and disputes (contractual or other) or relating to these terms arising or their content.
Courts countries could not apply the laws of england and wales to certain disputes related to these terms.
If risiedi in one of those countries would apply to such disputes the laws of your country of residence.
20.
Partial invalidity
Where one of the provisions of these terms judged or anything, this provision will be considered independent of inapplicable these terms and will not affect the validity and applicability of other provisions.
21.
Additional terms for specific services
Because of the breadth of our services, sometimes we need to define terms and additional conditions for specific services.
Such terms and conditions additional available with the services, becoming an integral part of our agreement when using these services.
If any part of such terms and conditions additional is in conflict with the present terms will the terms and additional conditions.
22.
Final provisions
These terms (together with any other terms applicable to specific services using) constitute the entire agreement between you and snap group limited and replace any previous agreement.
These words do not create or confer any rights to a third party beneficiaries.
Failing application on our part to a provision in these terms, this should not be considered as a renunciation of this provision.
We will all rights not specifically granted to you.
You can't transfer any rights or obligations established in these terms without our agreement.
Contact us
Snap group limited welcomes comments, questions, doubts or suggestions.
Can send us your comments or receiving assistance using this module online.
Society responsible services outside the united states is called snap and is based in the united kingdom group limited at lexington street, london 7-11, united kingdom, with 9af W1f registration number 09763672.
Authorised representative: david lewis, sir.
Vat 237218316: gb.
