Service conditions
(User residents within switzerland and the united kingdom),
Last updated: july 2020
1.
The relationship with Tiktok
Tiktok welcome to.
Tiktok is a platform of tip for the creation and video sharing in short format (" the platform ").
Been viewing service conditions (the " conditions '), governing the relationship and constitute the agreement between the user and establishing the terms and Tiktok conditions on the basis of which the user can access and use the platform, our websites linked (as), services, the tiktok.com app, products and other content (overall, the service) being offered, in accordance with the present conditions.
Services are provided by the company which deals with the supply of services in your region (", " " we " or " Tiktok us "):
Residents within the eea + switzerland: services are offered by technology, limited companies registered in ireland Tiktok headquartered in 10 terrace, dublin, 37, registration number and ireland d02 T380 society 635755.
Residing in the united kingdom: services are offered by information technologies uk limited company registered Tiktok england headquartered in, 125, london, wc2b Wework kingsway and registration number of the company 10165711 6nh.
The service provider may change if your transfer in another country while continuing to enjoy our services.
These services are supplied for private use non-commercial.
For the purposes of these conditions, the words " you " and " your " show you which users of services.
Conditions are a legally binding contract between us and the user.
We please take time to read it carefully, and if not you'll agree, we ask you not to register, not access and do not use any service.
2.
Description of the services
Services, and the platform shall be reserved exclusively to users with a minimum age of 13.
Services may be used and the platform through the app furniture (" app ") and the Tiktok website (" website "). Tiktok
Functions are only available in the app.
Moreover, not all services or functions may be available in your country or region.
In various versions of services, might be available different functions.
Functions are not available for users below a certain age.
Services there creates, publish and share video format short and display video created by other users and interact with these videos and other users.
Creation and video sharing: in particular:
Record can or within the import video services.
Arricchirli filter and you can adjust video and additional elements.
You include in your video content of other users, provided that the creator of the video concerned agree to use of its contents for such purposes.
Other users may use your contained within their video if you the use of your content for those acconsentite purposes.
Can publish video within their services so that other users can show them.
Videos postati you publicly will be available in app on the website.
You share your video or other videos which agreed to the sharing through various messaging services and on social media platforms to third parties (e.g.
Instagram, facebook, youtube, twitter) in accordance with their service conditions.
When published a video to include a description of the video, you can tag and approaches of confidentiality.
Can enter a short biography and a picture in your profile note user profile public.
Subject to the conditions of our policy for articles virtual broadcast live, you can use functions (livestreamed), buy direct transmission and exchange tokens (the " programme presents with tokens livestreamed ").
Displaying video: you can display video other users of services.
In particular:
Can view the video shared by other users or users of which you are publicly followers.
Service provides a custom page there for you where the service select the video to show you on the basis of what the service itself considers might interest you.
For more information, please refer to the privacy policy.
Service provides other ways to find content, for example to display a list of video of other users on their profiles, a search function and selection by category.
Livestreamed videos you can watch in other users.
Interact with other users: you can interact with users and with their content.
In particular:
Direct messages: you can send messages direct users if they are your followers.
Like, you can put like the video.
Comments: you can publish comments on video other users, where permitted by the respective user settings.
Function follow: you can decide to put the follow on to other users.
If users limit their profile, you can put the follow only if they approve your request.
Function friends ": " is you can find friends through your phone book and facebook.
Pro account: you can also pass by your user account ' pro account " free of charge.
Account pro gives you access to additional functions, such as the aggregate statistics on your content.
Tiktok marketplace if you part of "), " creator (marketplace you can use menu account pro to access settings and manage the requests relating to the functions marketplace.
Restrictions services: our aim is to provide a service without significant interruption and constantly improving.
However, you may find that the service is in whole or in part unavailable due to a firm for certain periods or not, for maintenance or planned installations in the case of technical difficulties.
3.
Acceptance conditions
With registration, access or utilities confirmed to have the capacity and the intention to conclude with a contract legally binding conditions including Tiktok, have at least 13 years, to accept these conditions and to follow the same.
Access and use of our services are also subject to our guidelines of the community and our policy for articles virtual, whose conditions can be found directly on the platform, or where the platform can be downloaded, on the app store of your mobile device.
These additional guidance and information means including for reference in this contract concluded legally binding between us and the user.
We also invite you to view the our privacy policy laying down how we use your personal data.
If accedete used or services on behalf of an undertaking or a legal person (a) the words " you " and " your " include your person and this company or legal entity, (b) you declared to be guaranteed and authorised representatives of the company or legal person with the power to place the same to these conditions, and that the latter accepted on behalf of the legal person, and (c) your company or legal person is legally and economically responsible for your access or use of services and of access or use of your account by other staff of your legal person, including employees, agents or contractors.
Also if we maintain a copy of the platform always accessible on our current conditions (bearing the date of last update "), we suggest you to save a copy in local or stamparne your files.
4.
Changes in the conditions and services
Services are constant innovation, amendments and improvements.
Can also occasionally amend these conditions, for example in case of an update function services or when there are changes regulations are going to impact these conditions or services.
Provide reasonable notice, for example through a notice on our platform, about any substantial changes to these conditions or to our services that can a significant handicap or significantly restrict the arrecarvi access or use our services.
However, you should review regularly the conditions to verify such changes.
Update also the date of " last update " at the top of these conditions to highlight the effective date of the most up-to-date version of conditions.
Because utilities by anyone who does not accept to stick to our conditions is not allowed, the continued access or use of services after the date of the new conditions is acceptance of these new conditions on your part.
If acconsentiate you to new conditions, you must stop access or use of services and closing your account (if applicable).
Regarding changes in the conditions or services which are necessary to meet requirements integrity, safety, law or surveillance, we may not be able to give you news in advance; however there realise as soon as possible.
5.
Your account
To access or use, some of our giving rise to an account with us must services.
When creating an account must be corrected data and updated.
Is important to maintain and timely update their data and other information provided to keep them current and complete.
Accessible conditions always platform.
Password manteniate it is important that you of your account reserved to third parties. not rivelandola
If know or suspected that other know your password or have access to your account must give us through the timely communication module on https: / / www.tiktok.com / legal / report / feedback
6.
Resolution
We reserve the right to suspend temporarily or definitively, or to close your user account, or to impose limits or restrictions on access to all or part of the services with or without notice and at any time, for whatever reason or even without reason, for example:
If reasonably is that you have violated or there are objective reasons for reasonably assumed that you're about to violate the conditions, including any contracts referred, policy, guidelines (recalled how our guidelines community), or any law or applicable law;
If take place on your account activities which we sole discretion, or may cause damage to, or would cause harm us or our services, or breaking rights of third parties (including the intellectual property rights);
In response to a request from the forces of order or other government agencies under valid proceedings under the law.
Because difficulties or unforeseen problems of a technical nature or security; or
If long periods of inactivity on your account.
In case of suspension or closure of your user account standing there give prior notification to enable you to access and save your data and content, except when we had reason to believe that the continued access to your account would cause damage to us or to our services, would violate requests for law enforcement or other government agencies, laws, regulations applicable or rights of third parties.
Without prejudice to any rights legislation, if your account is closed or suspended temporarily or definitively, access to your username, password and information or content linked to your account may be suspended or revoked.
Since we do not ensure the permanent availability of your content, it is your responsibility make backup of what you have to value.
More if you do not use our services can request cancellation of your account by means of function provided on the platform.
Contact us via the form you can also https: / / / / report / feedback and legal www.tiktok.com we will give you further assistance and i guide through the blanking process of your account.
Please bear in mind that once chosen to delete the account will not be able to turn them on or recover any content or data from you added.
7.
The use of services by the user
Access and use of services by the user is subject to these conditions and to all laws and regulations applicable.
You can not:
Access or use the services if you under the age of 13 years or for other reasons are not able to accept these conditions;
Adapt copy, modify,,,,, or disassembling translate decode derivative works on the basis of decompilare create services, including file, tables or interested parties documents (or) or detection or try to identify source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied in the platform or derivative works from this except that these activities are we expressly authorized in advance;
Distribute license, sell or, in whole or in part, to sell any of the services or derivative work by themselves;
Market give or take rental services for consideration, or use the platform to advertise or make promotions unless such activities have we trade explicitly authorised in advance;
Use services, without our express written consent, for commercial purposes or not authorised, including the communication, the promotion of trade or for purposes of stress or announcements; spamming
Interfere or seek to interfere with the normal operation of subvert the functioning of the platform, services, our website or networks related services, or circumvent the measures that could be used to prevent or restrict access to services;
Incorporating platform or part of the same in another program or product and, in this case, we reserve the right to refuse service, closing accounts or restrict access to services at our sole discretion;
Use systems or software, is managed by third automated otherwise to extract data from services for commercial purposes (" screen "), scraping
Impersonate natural or legal persons, or declare the false or otherwise presentation false its person or his affiliation with natural or legal persons, also suggesting the impression that their content uploaded, published transmitted, distributed or otherwise made available are part of the services;
Intimidate obstruction or promote or other sexually explicit violence or material discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, age or sexual orientation;
Use or try to use the account of another user, services or systems without a permit, or creating a false identity Tiktok within services;
Use services so as to create a conflict of interest for you or for us to distort the aims of the services, for example exchange with other users, write or require judgments not genuine feedback.
Use services to load, transmitting, distribute, save or otherwise render accessible so intentional or negligent, reckless
Violates material or might infringe or applicable law breaches the others rights;
Virus trojan, worm, or any other material or harmful logic bombs technologically harmful;
Unsolicited advertising or unauthorised, requests, promotional material, " junk mail ', ' spam ', " 139, " " schemes, " or other forms of pyramidal stress prohibited;
Violates material or copyright might infringe intellectual property marks or other third parties;
Material breach confidentiality or rights of personality of other people or people who died.
Material that is defamatory towards third offensive, obscene pornographic or derogatory ';
Material that would encourage or instructions to commit a criminal offence, would provide hazardous activities or acts autolesionistici;
Material deliberately designed to cause or generate people, in particular through hostilities between activities and bullying, or intended to molest trolling, damage, wound, bluff,, or disturb people; torment embarrassing
Material which contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence.
Material racist or discriminatory, including discrimination based on race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality of man.
Replicates one, comments, judgments, it is properly analysis or recommendations authorised or other aid qualified to provide;
Material which we only, is questionable or limits or prevent Tiktok others to use the services, or which may expose, services or its users Tiktok damage or liability of any kind.
In addition to the above, your access and use services must always be done in accordance with the guidelines of our community.
We reserve the right to remove or suspend in permanent or temporary access to content at any time without notice if, in our view, this exclusive content also potentially these conditions or violates our guidelines of the community, rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights), laws or regulations applicable or is otherwise affect the services, our users or third parties.
8.
Intellectual property rights
We respect the intellectual property rights and we ask you to do so.
As a condition for access and use services you accept not to infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties at the use of such services.
Concur as an example, not in any content that is services load property of others.
9.
Content
Content Tiktok
Regarding relationship between you and all the content, software, Tiktok images, texts, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, marks service, copyright, photographs, audio files, videos, music and appearance and function of services, as well as all the jpa platform and intellectual property rights related (the " content ") are owned by Tiktok Tiktok or the same licensed, it being understood that the property of any content (user as later described as) you loaded or transmitted through services will your or who there has granted the license.
Enjoying from you content or other material available under Tiktok services for purposes not specifically permitted pursuant to these conditions is strictly forbidden.
Such material and material can not be unloaded, copied, distributed transmitted, reproduced, performed, data sold teletrasmessi licence or otherwise used for all purposes, without the prior explicit written consent or, where appropriate, our of our. licenzianti
Licenzianti reserve us and our developing absolute and unconditional all rights deriving from, or related to services, the substance and not specifically granted in relation to these Tiktok content and materials.
Dates concur that you act and you through the use of services and also, for example, but not exhaustive, through the sale of advertising, sponsorship, promotion, use data and gifts and subject as we specifically allowed in these conditions or other agreement concluded between us, we can generate revenue, increase goodwill or our value, and that you will not have any right to participate in these revenues, goodwill or value.
Dates also recognise that, except as specifically that we allowed in these conditions or other agreement concluded between us, (s) you don't have the right to receive any proceeds or other consideration the content (user defined below) or from your use of musical works, audio recordings or made available to you on, or audiovisual through services, including user created by you, and content (ii) there is prohibited exercise rights in order to cash in on or inside the user content from obtaining charges services or third-party services (including, for example, but not exhaustive, youtube, facebook, twitter and instagram, other social media platform) insofar as such material have been somewhat modified user or otherwise through services (also altered through the use of elements (as defined below)) Tiktok.
Subject to these conditions, there is now a licence granted non-exclusive, non-transferable basis, not subject to, and universal access sub-licenza revocable and utilities, downloading the platform on a device, and allowed for access to content exclusively for personal use and non-commercial Tiktok through utilities and only under the present conditions.
Tiktok reserves by absolute and unconditional all rights services and content not expressly guaranteed by this contract. Tiktok.
Dates act and that the licence granted in you concur report services will automatically resolved the closure of account or your strength of these conditions.
With these conditions there is licensed no right on audio recordings and musical works incorporated (they) made available by or through the services.
Dates concur in and you act to display the contents provided by other within services, you do at your peril.
Content present in our services are provided only general information.
Not to establish any form of advice on which rely.
Before undertaking or abstain action based on the content of these services are required to acquire professional advice or specialist.
We do not pay any statement, guarantee or insurance, explicit or implicit, on the accuracy, completeness or updating of content (including the user). content Tiktok
Contain links to other sites where services and resources provided by third parties, these links means indicated for your information only.
It lacks visibility and control of the content carried on, or available through these sites or resources and you act dates and accepted the absence of any responsibility in relation to such content.
Such link should not be interpreted as our approval of sites or information linked to those link or information that you can get on or through them.
Dates act that we have no obligation to monitor, to examine or modify any pre-visionare content published by you or by other users on the platform (including the user content).
User-generated content
Service users will be allowed to load (e.g., publish or broadcast streaming) or otherwise make available material via the services including, for example but not exhaustive, photographs, video, text and users, audio recordings musical works (including incorporating video incorporated therein audio recordings stored in local from your personal and environmental noises) libreria musicale, loaded or otherwise made available through the services (" content "). user
Dates act and that users can also concur extract in whole or in part the content user you loaded or put in another way available through services to produce more user content, including collaborations with other users combining and diversifying the contents from you and user generated other users.
Users may also overlaying the content, music, graphics, sticker user (as defined and further elements virtual policy set out in articles virtual) and other evidence from (" elements ") and Tiktok Tiktok convey content user by means of services.
Information present in content and materials, including the user content including user, were not we Tiktok elements verified or approved.
Opinions services by other users (including through gifts) do not represent our values or virtual judgments.
When accedete or used a feature that you can load or transmitting user services (including through content through some social media platforms third as instagram, facebook, youtube and twitter), or contact other users of services, must meet the standards laid down in article 7 above.
You can also choose to load or convey your user content, including those that include elements on websites or platforms hosted by Tiktok third.
If you decide to do so must respect their guidelines on matters of content and the standards laid down above in this article 9.
From you guaranteed that these contributions comply with such standards and you'll be responsible towards us and required to infringements of this guarantee indennizzarci.
This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage that we have suffered as a result of your violation of the guarantee.
All user content will be regarded as non-confidential.
Must not publish on or through the services or us that you decide confidential user content or exclusive for others.
When published a content through the services user and declared to be the possession or concur have received all the necessary permissions (including any licences necessary) clearance or authorisations by the owner of any part of the contents to publish such content services, to put it across services user to other platforms and / or to make a different third use on or through the services.
If you have only rights in an audio tape but not on musical work included in these underlying audio recordings, don't load or otherwise make available these services without obtaining audio recordings through all the permits (including any necessary), clearance or authorisations licences by the owner of any part of the contents to publish the same services.
Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these conditions, you and your content or the owner user copyright preserved and other intellectual property rights on the content we sent, however the user content publishing services through user you give now (i) to us and to our associates agents, service providers, partners and related third parties a licence, irrevocable, unconditional non-exclusive, free from royalties, fully transferable (including through), and universal use sub-license perpetuates, modify adapt play, derive, publish and / or transmitting derivative works and / or distribute and allow services and other users others, access, use to display, modify, download, derivative works, adapt play derive and / or to publish your user content in any format and on any platform, now known or which will then be created; (ii) to other users of services a licence, irrevocable, unconditional non-exclusive, free from royalties, and universal use continues
Also give to us and to our associates agents, service providers, partners and related third parties a free licence for the use of your user name, voice and image, with the aim of physical appearance as the authors of your user content sort you out.
For clarity, the rights granted in the previous paragraphs of this article shall include, for example, the right to play but non-exhaustive audio recordings (and create reproductions of musical works incorporated in such mechanical audio recordings) and perform publicly and transmit to the public and the audio recordings (musical works in them), all without any embedded royalties due.
This implies that you give us the right to use your user content without the obligation to pay royalties to you or to third parties including, for example but not exhaustive, any holder of the copyright on an audio tape (e.g.
Record label), any holder of the copyright on a musical work (e.g.
A music publisher), an organization for the protection of copyright (e.g.
Ascap, bmi, etc.) (a " pro SESAC "), a pro for the audio recordings (e.g.
Soundexchange unions), and technical corporations or producers or other stakeholders holders royalties to participate (consciously or not) to the creation of content).
Specific rules for musical works and artists record.
Composers if you are or authors of musical works and are associated with a pro must communicate your license free from you for royalties on your unique content through the user these conditions.
Have exclusive responsibility for ensuring compliance with the reporting requirements of the competence and other conditions which the pro you apply.
If have sold your rights to a music publisher must obtain the agreement of the latter granting free licence on your user content under these conditions or to ensure that the music publisher sign with us these conditions.
The mere fact of being the author of a musical work (e.g.
Have wrote a song) not gives you the right to grant us the license under these conditions.
Artists if you record under contract with a record label have exclusive responsibility to ensure that your using services complies with any your contractual obligations towards your record label, even when crazy services on which the new records through your label could have rights.
Rights Through-to-the-audience.
All rights granted to you on your user content in these conditions means data based, i.e. holders through-to-the-audience or service providers of third parties will not have for you or a separate liability vis-à-vis third parties arising from, or on the availability of content, your user through them to third parties.
Waiver of rights contained user.
Publishing content user on or through the services you do so on any law review or prior approval materials marketing or advertising on such content).
Also forego (in the limits of the law applicable to each) and any right to confidentiality, advertising or other similar rights relating to your user or part of the contents.
With this you do so (in the limits of the law applicable) and accepted not assert ever any and all the moral rights in your possession about, or at least relating to content, user you loaded or otherwise made available through the services, or not to support, maintain or allow based on these actions moral rights.
You dates act and that in certain circumstances we also concur right to reveal your identity to third parties who argue that content user you published or loaded on our services is violation of their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Us or parties authorised, we reserve the right to cut, select, edit or refuse to publish your content at our or their, sole discretion.
Remove disable, have the right to block or delete your publications on our platform where, in our opinion, they do not meet standards content laid down in the above article 7 (your use of our services).
Also we have the right-but not the obligation-we remove, sole discretion, block or delete any content disable user (s) that we violate the present conditions, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any responsibility for you.
Accordingly we recommend that you save a copy of any user content you published on the services on your personal if you came devices have permanent access to copies of these user content.
We ensure the correctness, integrity, or quality of content and user adequacy under no circumstances will be involved in any way of content).
You decide if your user content should be publicly available services to all other users of the same or only to persons from you approved.
To adjust the setting access standard on the type of accessibility of content, just access your user privacy settings present within their services and to follow the simple and clear procedure there indicated.
We do not assume any responsibility for content or services and information loaded by users published by us, or on our behalf, services or elsewhere by third parties.
If you want to make a complaint about information and material uploaded by other users, i.e. if there are problems of a different nature that you want, you can contact us to address segnalarci https: / / / legal / report / reports. www.tiktok.com
Although our staff working hard for develop and evaluate ideas and for our products, we function today to heed the interests, feedback, comments and suggestions that we get from the user community.
If choose to help us sending or to our employees ideas for products, services, function, changes, contained improvements, improvements, technologies, offers content (content as audio, video, games or other type), promotion, or product names / strategies or function documentation, graphics, computer codes, or other material (collectively the diagrams) feedback will apply, regardless of what is in your accompanying documentation, the following conditions, so that the status of feedback is for you and for us clearly understood.
Therefore inviandoci feedback, you concur:
That we do not have any obligation to review, assess and take your feedback, or return all or part of feedback for any reason,
That feedback is provided by way of non-confidential and for us there is no obligation to maintain confidentiality on feedback from you or sent or refrain from using it in any way; and divulgarlo
Developing irrevocable to grant us a non-exclusive licence, free from royalties, unconditional, including through (fully transferable), universal and unlimited sub-licenza continues to make play, distribute, create derivative works, modify show (also), on the basis of publicly disclosed to the public, put through-to-the-audience available, expose or using and exploiting otherwise feedback and its derivatives for any purpose and without restrictions, free of charge and without duties of any kind, also using scoring, offering for sale, selling importing and promoting commercial products and services incorporating feedback, in whole or in part, both in the state in which it is provided that with any subsequent change.
10.
Manleva
You accept to defend, and maintain, its free manlevare Tiktok, subsidiaries and associates as well as controlling the respective officials, administrators, employees, their advisers and agents from any and all claims liabilities, costs, damages and losses and costs (including, for example, but not exhaustive, fees and legal expenses) arising from, or related to, violations of these conditions, or your users of your account for each of the services, including, for example but not exhaustive, a violation of your obligations, declarations and guarantees.
11.
Exclusion of guarantees
Anything contained in these conditions rights law: (the PREGIUDICHERÁ) of which you can't agree contractually amending or surrender; and (ii) you always payable as consumers.
Services are provided " in the state where they are ' and we do not pay any warranty or declaration for you in relation to themselves.
In PARTICOLARENON pay for you statements or guarantees on the fact that:
Use SODDISFERÀLE services your needs;
Services character have continuity, safety, and that they are outside of TEMPESTIVITÁ errors;
Information you obtained as a result of using services will be rectified or reliable or without errors; and
Vice operation or the software you provided under FUNZIONALITÁ services will be healed.
As allowed by the applicable laws, no general statement guarantee claim or other term (including terms implicit satisfactory quality in order to describe or appropriateness) applies to services CONFORMITÁ, except to the extent that is expressly laid down in the conditions.
We vary, suspend, withdraw or limit the of all or part of our DISPONIBILITÁ platform for commercial reasons and operational at any time and without notice.
12.
Limitation of responsibilities
Nothing contained in these conditions or exclude our responsibilities for the losses that simply can not be legally excluded or limited by the law applicable.
This includes the responsibilities for death or physical injury caused by our negligence or from the neglect of our employees and subcontractors, agents or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Without prejudice to paragraph, we do not have for you before any contractual responsibilities, even negligently) under (Extra-contrattuale statutory or otherwise under or in connection with these conditions, namely the provision or receipt of services for: (i) loss of profits (ii) loss of goodwill; (iii) loss of commercial opportunities; (iv) loss of data; (v) loss of activity; (vi) an interruption of activity; (vii) loss of reputation commercial; or (viii) indirect losses or of any kind. CONSEQUENZIALI
Notwithstanding the first paragraph of this article 12, our responsibilities cumulative contractual, (also) for negligently Extra-contrattuale statutory or other aid, under or in connection with these conditions, namely the provision and receipt of services will be limited to the greater of: (i) the amount you paid within the period of 12 months TIKTOK immediately preceding your request in respect of; or (ii) 100 TIKTOK €.
Dates concur that, subject to the act and first paragraph of this article 12, we do not have a contractual responsibilities, even negligently) to (Extra-contrattuale statutory or other aid, in the event of losses, costs (including charges, PASSIVITÁ legal) claims for costs or damage that may have been supported by you or partner for or in relation to: your rely on completeness, or existence of any commercial or correctness following reports or transactions between you and advertising or sponsor whose services; announcements that we can make changes appear services or termination or a temporary basis the provision of services (i.e. FUNZIONALITÁ within the same); deletion, alteration or inability to save content and other data, maintained or transmitted by or for DELLECOMUNICAZIONI means using services; failure to supply DELVOSTRO you correct information on the account; or were not retained by your passwords or data account safely and reserved.
Stress that the platform is only available for household and private.
You accept not to use our platform for commercial or business, except that with FINALITÁ our express written consent.
If digital content defective for them a device or harm digital content of pharmacological and this is your caused by a reasonable care and skill on our part MANCANZADI, we should accept the repair of the damage (in which case you will be responsible to follow the directives in relation to the delivery of our disposable us or to our service providers) or pour it there reasonable compensation.
We however liable for damages you could avoid following our council to carry out an update that there has been offered free of charge or, for the damage caused by not having followed correctly installation instructions, or the lack of possession minimum requirements system that we recommended.
These restrictions on our responsibilities for you will apply irrespective of whether we had been warned to be aware of the possibility of OAVREMMO occurrence of those losses.
You are responsible for any charges that apply to use mobile our service, including text messages and data traffic.
If you are not certain of the amount of these charges, we suggest you to ask your provider before the use of the service.
13.
Other conditions
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
Residents within the eea and switzerland.
These conditions and any disputes or claims (including ones), arising from, or concerning extra-contrattuale the subject to the same, are regulated by irish law, without prejudice to any laws only of your country of residence. mandatory
The united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods and other rules, regulations or similar laws in force in other jurisdictions will not apply.
Tiktok concur that you and competence non-exclusive for the definition of disputes or claims (including those of nature) arising from, or relating to extra-contrattuale, conditions or the subject or the same and training but not limited to the irish courts called, without prejudice to any laws only in your country of residence or mandatory provisions on choice of court that can not be modified by contract.
Alternatively can refer the dispute to a body alternative settlement of the disputes through the european platform of dispute resolution (odr online).
Resident in the uk.
These conditions and any disputes or claims (including nature) arising from or relating to extra-contrattuale, the subject of the same are governed by the laws of england and wales.
The united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods and other rules, regulations or similar laws in force in other jurisdictions will not apply.
You Tiktok concur that responsibility and non-exclusive for the definition of disputes or claims (including those in nature) arising from, or relating to extra-contrattuale, conditions or object or training of themselves and the courts to recycling england and wales.
Alternatively can refer the dispute to a body alternative settlement of the disputes through the european platform of dispute resolution (odr online).
Open source.
The app contain a certain amount of open-source software.
Each element of open-source software is subject to its licensing conditions applicable, available to our information page open source.
Complete agreement.
These conditions (including the additional conditions following) constitute the entire legal agreement between you and Tiktok and replace any terms and conditions that previously applicable before the date of service regolavano last update indicated above.
No waivers.
Our failure to repeat or enforce provisions of these conditions (or exercise other rights or within the same remedies) should not be interpreted as a renunciation of provisions or rights or under the present conditions or prevent remedies or limiting the further pursuit of those or other rights or remedies.
Security.
Are responsible for the configuration of your information technology systems, software and platforms for access to our platform.
Are advised to use its own antivirus software.
Severability.
Where a court competent to judge this, decrees nullity, or provisions of these conditions of illegitimacy inapplicability, these arrangements should be removed from the conditions without touching the remaining part and the remaining provisions of conditions will continue to be valid and enforceable.
Questions?
Contact us via the form on https: / / / legal / report / www.tiktok.com feedback
Consequences of the resolution.
If termination of the contract concluded between us legally binding, the following provisions of conditions will apply even after the resolution:
Our right to use and disclosure of the feedback as described in article 9
Other users ' rights to further content-sharing user and other data you shared through services within the limits of what happened before the termination
Amounts to you from Tiktok
Articles 10, 11, 12 and 13.
Additional conditions-the app store
As permitted by the law applicable, will apply the following additional conditions:
Notice apple.
By accessing the platform through a device apple, inc. ("
Apple "), specifically given and accepted that act:
These conditions shall be concluded between you and apple is compared to the third party; Tiktok these conditions.
License you granted by this agreement shall be limited to a personal, limited non-exclusive and non-transferable to install the platform on one or more apple devices authorised by apple and in your possession or under your control for personal use non-commercial, subject to the rules laid down in the conditions of use services of apple app store.
Apple platform or is not responsible for substance and did not obligations of any kind to maintenance or support services in relation to it.
Where non-compliance with guarantees from the platform, you can apply to notify apple there any return purchase price of platform.
As much as permitted by the law applicable, apple will have no other obligation guarantee in relation to the platform.
Apple is not required to deal with your requests or on the platform or your third possession or use of the same, including, for example, but not exhaustive (a) claims for responsibility on product; (b) complaints about the non-compliance with applicable requirements legal or regulatory from the platform; and (c) requests that they from consumer protection legislation similar or origin.
If claims from third parties that the platform or your asseriscano possession and use of the same intellectual property rights of those third violin, apple shall not be liable under investigation opposition definition or conclusion of these claims of infringement of intellectual property.
You declared and guaranteed (a) not find within countries subject to embargo by the government of the united states or that have been given by the united states government as " terrorism "; and countries lenders (b) not to return in the lists of persons subject to prohibition or restrictions in the united states government.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these conditions and with your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the same, apple will have the right (and shall be deemed accepting the right) to enforce these conditions for you as a beneficiary third thereof.
Tiktok expressly authorises the use of the platform by multiple users by sharing family or similar function provided by apple.
Windows phone store.
Downloading platform from the windows phone store, or other app to replace the same in the future) operated by microsoft, inc.
Or its subsidiaries, you specifically given act and accepted:
To install and operate a copy of the platform with a maximum of five (5) devices associated with microsoft windows phone account from you used to access the windows phone store.
In addition to this number we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees.
Dates act microsoft corporation, the producer of your device and the network manager have no obligation to provide maintenance and support services in relation to the platform.
Amazon Appstore.
Downloading Appstore (or the platform by amazon substitute for other app the same in the future) operated by amazon digital services, inc.
Or its subsidiaries (" amazon "), you are specifically act and accepted:
Regarding possible conflicts between (a) the conditions of use of the amazon or the different conditions indicated by amazon Appstore as standard conditions licence for the end user for the amazon (" conditions for the amazon Appstore in "), and (b) Appstore other terms and conditions in these conditions, the use of the platform from you downloaded from amazon conditions will apply for the in Appstore amazon, and Appstore
Amazon has no responsibility for the compliance of or your (or any other Tiktok user) under these conditions or conditions of the amazon in Appstore.
Google play.
Downloading platform on the google play (or other app to replace the same in the future) operated by google, inc.
Or any of its subsidiaries (" google "), you specifically given and accepted that act:
Regarding possible conflicts between (a) the conditions of services and trade policies and google play programme google play or the different conditions indicated by google as standard conditions for the end user license for google play (collectively referred to as " conditions '), and google play (b) the other terms and conditions in these conditions, the use of the platform from you purchased by google play will apply the conditions, and google play
Dates act that google has no responsibility for the compliance of or your (or any other Tiktok user) under these conditions or conditions google play.
