Https: / / web.archive.org / web / 20170713230710 / https: / / tripadvisor.mediaroom.com /;: terms, conditions It-terms-of-use portal Tripadvisor notices
Welcome Tripadvisor website or on the platform for on mobile devices, including applications (collectively referred to as the " related portal ").
This portal is provided exclusively to assist the customers in the following activities: collection of travel information, publication of positions on issues related to travel, participation in forum travel, research and interactive booking trips and for any other purpose besides them.
Apply site " the, " " the website, " " the portal " and " " indicate llc, companies Tripadvisor Tripadvisor and websites affiliated, " "). (collectively Tripadvisor
The term " user " or " user (user) refers to the customer visits the portal and / or contributes publishing content on portal.
This portal is offered user provided the acceptance by the latter and without modification of all the terms, conditions and alarms including (and referred to by the term " agreement ").
Through access to or use of any portal, the user agree to be bound by the agreement and have read and understood its terms.
Read carefully the agreement because it contains information relating to the rights of the user and for restrictions, and a section on the applicable law and competent court in the event of disputes.
Failing acceptance of all the terms and conditions, the user will not be allowed to use the portal.
Tripadvisor reserves the right to change or otherwise amend the agreement in the future, in accordance with the terms and conditions referred expressed.
User accepts that access to or the continued use of amendments implies the acceptance of the portal subsequently agreement as updated or amended.
The date of the reviews will be indicated at the bottom of this page, and any changes only take effect from the publication.
Tripadvisor notifies member users changes materials of these terms and conditions through notices submitted to the email address specified or publishing an announcement on the portal.
Regularly visited this page to inspect the most up-to-date version of the agreement.
Use of the portal
In order to obtain authorisation to use the portal, the user (s) shall ensure, accuracy, and the accuracy and completeness of all the information provided through the portal; (ii) where registration of an account on protecting the details of their Tripadvisor account, and accept full responsibility for any supervise use made by third parties; (iii) that his age greater than 13 years, age limit for the registration of an account and the publication of portal; (iv) contributions to be legally authorised to sign this agreement and to use the portal in accordance with all the terms and conditions including.
Tripadvisor does not include information of users under the age of knowingly 13.
Tripadvisor reserves the right to his sole discretion to deny access to the portal and services offered, to any user, at any time and for any reason, including, as an example, in the event of breach of this agreement.
Is strictly prohibited copy, transmitting, reply, play, publish the contents of the redistribute or any part of it, portal without the prior written consent of Tripadvisor.
To apply for permission, contact, according to arrangements following Tripadvisor:
Director, partnerships and business development
Tripadvisor llc
400 1st avenue
Needham 02494, but, usa
Users portal do not incur any charge for the use of the portal, in accordance with these terms and conditions.
However portal containing links to the websites of third parties, operated by and owned by service providers or independent retailers.
These third charging for the use of certain could content or services provided through the portal.
Therefore, it is advised to carry out the necessary checks before proceeding with any transactions in favour of third parties, in order to determine whether incurring liability for costs.
Where Tripadvisor provide data on costs on the portal, such information shall be published only for information purposes.
Tripadvisor does not in any way that this information is correct and all responsibility as regards the content declines or services provided on the websites of third parties.
Activities not allowed
The content and the information on the portal (including, as an example, messages, data, information, text, music, video, audio, photo, graphs, maps, icons, software code, or other material) and the infrastructure used to provide such information, content and are owned by Tripadvisor.
User agrees not to change, to copy, distribute, transmitting, show run, play, publish, licensing, create derivative works, transfer, sell, the information, the software, the resell goods or services from or through the portal.
Also user agrees not to:
(S) use the portal or its content for commercial purposes;
(Ii) to enter, monitoring, copy the information portal content or using robot, spider, or other means automatic or manual scraper processes for any purpose without the express written consent of Tripadvisor;
Violate restrictions (iii) exclusion present on the portal headers robots or circumvent the other measures taken to prevent or restrict access to the portal;
(Iv) take measures to impose or try to impose a disproportionate burden or not reasonable, at the discretion of the infrastructure; Tripadvisor portal
Execute deep linking (v) of any part of the portal for any purpose without the express written agreement Tripadvisor;
(Vi) execute framing, " " or another system to incorporate mirroring any part of the portal in other websites without the prior written consent of Tripadvisor;
(Vii) to try to change, change, adapt, translate, or decode the software programs decompilare disassembling used by Tripadvisor in connection with the services or portal.
Privacy policy and dissemination of data
Tripadvisor undertakes to protect the privacy of users.
Any personal data published on the portal will be used in accordance with the privacy policy.
Click here to view the privacy policy.
Reviews, comments and use of other areas interactive
Tripadvisor appreciates the views of users.
Through sending contained in email, the publication on the portal portal or other means, including publication " hotel, applications, photographs and video, comments and suggestions, ideas or other content (with " contained "), sent user gives and to its right not affiliated Tripadvisor exclusive, is not subject to copyright, unlimited transferable irrevocable and permissible in (a) use, play sublicenza, change, adapt, publish, distribute, translate publicly visible and create derivative works, performing such throughout the world, content submitted by any means, unknown in the future, for any purpose or conceived; (b) use the name specified in connection with such material sent.
User Tripadvisor gives the right to choose his sole discretion to grant or not the father of comments or reviews published by users.
User gives also the right to prosecute any person Tripadvisor natural or legal is protagonist rights violations of the user and than by means of content submitted Tripadvisor violations of this agreement.
User recognised and accepted that the contents are sent non-confidential information and non-proprietary.
Tripadvisor has no and not exercise any control over messages users published on or distributed through the portal, including postings im, bulletin boards or other communication forum and any responsibility on these messages declines of users.
Tripadvisor reserves, however, the right for any reason and his sole discretion, to remove unannounced messages of users and / or the content of the site.
The portal may contain discussion forum, bulletin boards, services reviews or other types of forum in which the user or third parties may publish experience reviews travel or other content, messages, materials or other elements made visible on the portal (" areas ") interactive.
Where Tripadvisor allocating areas, the user is exclusive interactive responsible for using these areas interactive and risk associated with their use.
Using areas interactive user accepts it publish load, transmitting, distribute, store, create or otherwise render public the following content through the portal:
. Data, information and text messages, music, audio, photo, graphics, or any other material (code " content "), false, misleading, illegal,,,, pornographic diffamatori calunniosi obscene indecent,,, or the threatening scurrili allusivi threat of other people, presently esortanti, contravene or advertising, offensive, privacy rights, fraudulent or otherwise provocative questionable.
B content. obviously the online community, for example offensive content that incite racism, extremism, hatred or physical damage of any kind against subjects individuals or groups.
C. content which may become encourage, promote or encourage criminal offences, give rise to conduct civil liability, infringe the rights of any part in any country in the world or which could otherwise give rise to liability in respect of or violations of laws local, state, national, international, including, as an example, the rules of the esa (securities and exchange commission of the united states) or other laws governing the exchange of securities on the stock exchange, including, as an example, the new york stock exchange (nyse), the nasdaq or the london stock exchange.
D content. providing information which are an incentive to illegal activity, for example the creation or acquisition of illegal weapons, the infringement of privacy of third or distribution or creation of computer viruses.
And content which could violate. patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other intellectual or any side. right owner
Particularly contained promoting infringing copy or unauthorised material subject to copyright, such as software counterfeit or links to them, appropriate information to circumvent copy protected by devices installed by producer, distribution of music piracy or links to music files counterfeit.
Pretenders impersonate content f. individuals or entities or suggesting a false its affiliation with persons or entities, including Tripadvisor.
Promotion unsolicited email, g. mass or " spam, " transmission of junk (a chain, election campaigns, advertising, competitions, lotteries or petitions.
H content that include business. and / or sales without the prior written consent, for example, competitions, lotteries, trade promotion, multilevel programmes.
I. third-party private information, including, as an example, names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, codes tax numbers credit cards.
J. containing content pages with limited access or password-protected, pages or images (not linked to or from other hidden pages accessible);
Virus data damaged or other files harmful.
K content. not related to this subject areas in which the contents are published. interactive
L content or link to content. to the sole discretion of (a), Tripadvisor infringe the provisions contained therein, (b) are deemed to be questionable, (c) limit or use or use of inhibited areas or by other interactive portal users, (d) which would allow Tripadvisor or its against participants or users or liability of any kind.
Tripadvisor declines all responsibility and it brings no guarantee in relation to content in, stored or user or loaded or third parties, in the event of loss or damage.
Declines all responsibility also in case of mistakes, insults, slander, omissions, mudslinging, false declarations, obscene language, pornographic or profane.
As provider of interactive services, any liability in case of statements declines Tripadvisor, or content provided by users in any representations forum public home page staff or other area interactive.
Although Tripadvisor is not subject to any obligation to analyse, modify or monitor the content published on or distributed through the areas interactive, reserves the right, Tripadvisor sole discretion, to remove, analysis, translate and unannounced change any content published or stored at any time on the portal or for any reason, or to allow such operations to third parties on their own.
User remains the only responsible for the creation of backup copies and the substitution of content published or stored on portal, all the costs and expenses. and
If it is established that the user has the moral rights (including rights allocation or on content, user integrity) states: (a) not to require that information personal identification is used in connection to the content, the same work or derivatives; (b) updates of have no objection to the publication, use, the amendment, the removal and the use of content by Tripadvisor or its licensees, successors and affiliated; (c) to abandon permanently and ever to any complaint or assumptions progress copyright or moral rights in relation to content; (d) of manlevare permanently and perpetual and its licensees, successors and Tripadvisor, from any liability affiliated on complaints against otherwise advanced under those moral rights. Tripadvisor
Areas interactive or any use of other sections of the portal in breach of these provisions is a violation of this agreement and may involve, among other consequences, the interruption or suspension of rights of user the use of interactive areas and / or portal.
Reservation with supplier third through TRIPADVISOR
Use function reservation quickly.
Tripadvisor offers the user the ability to search for, select and ordering other travel arrangements with third parties browsing suppliers without abandoning Tripadvisor.
Prenotando through the function, the user becomes a member of rapid reservation, where it is already. Tripadvisor
Tripadvisor members have the possibility of publishing reviews, participate in the discussions, to forums themselves and other content of, and access and Tripadvisor receive newsletter content relating to the voyage planning reserved for members only, to participate in invitations to tender and surveys, lotteries.
Using function reservation user accepts the rapid practice described in privacy policy and all those present terms and conditions.
Also user ensures that his age greater than 18 and their legal capacity to sign this agreement and use the function and the reservation, in accordance with the rapid portal present terms and conditions.
Also ensures that all information supplied is true and accurate.
User also agree to use exclusively to make bookings for rapid reservation legitimate themselves or third where has the legal authority to act on their behalf.
Bookings false or fraudulent are prohibited and users who are trying to make such are subject to the cancellation of the registration to bookings. Tripadvisor
If the user has an account, will be responsible for data protection Tripadvisor and use your account from third parties.
Portal, including through the use of the function of rapid user recognises and reservation accepts that: (1) TRIPADVISOR and its responsibility for the user or show any affiliated to third parties in the event of unauthorised transactions carried out with the use of the password or the user account; (2) unauthorised use password or account could entail responsibility towards TRIPADVISOR and other users.
Using function reservation rapid, collects data user's payment Tripadvisor and submit them to supplier in order to promote the completion of the transaction, in accordance with the provisions of the privacy policy.
Is the provider of services and not to develop, booked payments and Tripadvisor handle requests reservation.
Tripadvisor and its affiliated not interfere with bookings arbitrarily, but reserves the right to cancel or not evade a reservation request if there are certain circumstances quotas, for example if the service covered by the reservation is no longer available or if there is a reasonable reasons to suspect that a request for reservation is fraudulent.
Tripadvisor also reserves the right to take the necessary measures to verify the identity of the user in order to evade a request for reservation.
Where service is available at the time of order but ceases to be before check-in allowed the user, the only solution is to contact the supplier to make alternative arrangements or to erase the reservation.
Third party providers.
Tripadvisor is not a travel agency, therefore does not provide and is not the owner of transport services or housing.
Although Tripadvisor publish information on facilities belonging to third suppliers and reservations at certain suppliers through the facilitates rapid and sites, affiliated function reservation such operations, nor can they do not imply in any way imply or suggest endorsement or approval by Tripadvisor be in relation to these and third or affiliation between Tripadvisor terzifornitori suppliers.
Despite members can express evaluations and reviews certain Tripadvisor structures on the basis of personal experiences, not advised products or sponsors and Tripadvisor services of any third supplier.
User accepts any responsibility on the accuracy Tripadvisor decline or the completeness of the information obtained from third party providers and published on their websites or applications.
User makes a reservation with a third party, he agrees to read and supplier be bound by the terms and conditions of purchase and use of the site (" terms of use of third "), the privacy policy and other regulations or practices relating to the site or the structure of the supplier.
User takes fully risk and responsibility of interactions between itself and the third party providers.
Tripadvisor declines all responsibility on actions, omissions and errors, performances, guarantees, or negligence on the part of any violations third on supplier and personal injury, death, damage property or other damage or expenditure resulting from the user interaction with the third party providers.
This portal may include link sites suppliers or to other websites uncontrolled and not run by Tripadvisor.
For more information, see the section " link to sites third-party " below.
Booking vacation homes with supplier third site members.
Tripadvisor and some as platform allowing passengers affiliated to sign agreements or transactions for rental of accommodation with owners and managers structures (" "). advertisers
User is responsible for their use of the portal, sites and all transactions involving affiliated vacation homes through preferential function and / or on sites reservation rapid members.
Tripadvisor not owns is not a party does not support and compared to a house on holiday or sites affiliated. advertised portal
As Tripadvisor nor its affiliated take part in transactions rental that disputes between passengers and all disputes or conflicts, advertisers inherent in a transaction between actual or potential, on quality and user, conditions inserzionista, safety or legality of structure advertised, the content of the announcement, capacity of accuracy to grant the structure or leased inserzionista user's ability to pay the payment of rent, are the sole responsibility of each user.
User recognised and accepted to be subject to the need to sign a lease with the separate, before making a reservation or inserzionista to buy a product or service and that this contract may impose additional constraints booking, the product or the service.
Payment deadlines for the vacation homes
User agrees to pay the payment of the cost of the service, in favour of a inserzionista or affiliate Tripadvisor acting on behalf of a, for all the booking houses inserzionista holiday in accordance with the terms of use published on the website affiliated.
A affiliate is empowered to act as an agent of Tripadvisor exclusively for the purpose of transmitting the payment inserzionista in. inserzionista
For more information on costs relating to vacation homes, warehouses, in drawing up the payment to cauzionali write-offs and redemptions, consult the terms of use of sites members.
Prenotando house holiday through one of the sites of user recognises and affiliated Tripadvisor accepts the terms of use and the privacy policy of these sites.
Destinations travel
International travel.
If booking trips at international or planning supplier third international travel using the portal, the user is responsible for verifying its position in relation to requirements to leave and the validity of travel documents, including the passport and visa.
Regarding requirements passports and visas, contact the embassy or the consulate competent to request information.
Since requirements may change at any time, ensure to verify the most up-to-date information before ordering and before departure.
Tripadvisor declines all responsibility than travellers who are not allowed on a flight or in a country for non-compliance of, for example if no traveller performance of travel documents required by airlines, authority or countries, including countries of airport.
There are also responsibilities user contact your doctor in order to receive advice or updated before carrying out international travel for vaccinations verify fulfils all the health requirements and to obtain information and advice relating to the voyage doctors.
Although most of travel, including travel in international destinations, completed is without incident, travel to certain destinations might pose more risks than others.
Tripadvisor encourages passengers to verify destinations, notices, announcements prohibited and communications issued in your country and the country 2320/81 2320/81 of destination before ordering a trip to a destination international.
Despite publishing travel information relating to certain international destinations, it does not say nor ensures that travel TRIPADVISOR those destinations is advisable or without risks and decline liability in case of any damage or loss resulting from the trips to those destinations.
Exclusion of liability
Read this article.
This section includes the limitation of liability of TRIPADVISOR surrounding the use of user portal.
User does not include the terms contained in this section or in other sections of the agreement, consult a legal in order to obtain clarification before access or use the portal.
Information software, products and services published on the portal may include inaccuracies or errors, including errors regarding the availability for bookings and errors on pricing.
TRIPADVISOR, his associates or business (referred to as the " affiliated with companies ') are not meant to media group TRIPADVISOR any way the accuracy of this information and show any responsibility for mistakes or other inaccuracies in information and in descriptions of hotel, vacation homes, flights, cruise and other travel products rental car made available through the portal (including, as an example, prices, the availability, photographs, the list of services hotel or vacation homes, general descriptions of products, the reviews, assessments, etc.).
TRIPADVISOR also reserves the right explicitly to correct errors in relation to the availability and prices on the portal and / or than bookings outstanding conducted under prices incorrect.
Companies TRIPADVISOR media group do not provide any statement concerning information, software, the suitability of the products and services contained on the portal (content portal or any other section) of the same for any purpose.
Inclusion or the supply of goods or services on the portal is not recommendation of those goods or services or sponsorship by businesses of TRIPADVISOR media group.
All information, software, products and services are provided " as " without a guarantee of any kind.
Companies TRIPADVISOR media group show every guarantee condition or other terms of any kind of total absence of virus or other components from portal, the relevant server and harmful by companies of media group emails sent TRIPADVISOR.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law, with this any guarantee and TRIPADVISOR declines condition than this information, software, products and services, including guarantees and conditions and terms of any kind against merchantability, implicit for a specific purpose, fitness, ownership and not full possession violation.
TRIPADVISOR decline also explicitly guarantee representation or term each of any kind compared to the contents of the owner or the precise nature portal.
No clause of this agreement is exclusion or limitation TRIPADVISOR on (i) death or bodily injuries caused by negligence; (ii) fraudulent activities; (iii) a false declaration; (iv) infringement or negligence; (v) voluntary clear any responsibility that can not be excluded in accordance with the laws in force.
Suppliers parties providing information on hotel or holiday homes, travel or other services on the portal are independent and not TRIPADVISOR agents or employees contracting companies TRIPADVISOR media group.
Companies TRIPADVISOR media group show all responsibility than actions, errors, omissions, performances, guarantees, or negligence on the part of these violations and suppliers than physical injury, death, damage to structures or other damage or cost.
Companies TRIPADVISOR media group show all responsibility and do not guarantee repayment in the case of delays, cancellations, overbooking, strikes, events of force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control and than additional expenditure, omissions, delays, changes in route or actions undertaken by institutional bodies or authorities.
As above, the use of the user is at the portal risk and holdings TRIPADVISOR (their media group executives, directors and affiliated) show responsibility for any loss or damage direct, indirect, incidental, special or moral, or loss of profits, damage to CONSEQUENZIALI reputation, data, losses of money or contract use loss or damage resulting from, or otherwise related to discontinuation of business of any kind arising from, or otherwise related to access to the display or use of this portal.
Those exclusions responsibility also apply to the lack of access to, or use the portal (including display as an example, confidence in reviews and in the opinions published on the portal, computer viruses, information, software, sites, products and services linked obtained by portal or otherwise resulting from access to the display or the use of the portal) are they based on basis of negligence, contractual provisions, illicit, liability or other cause even if it had been informed of the possibility TRIPADVISOR of occurrence of such damage.
These terms and conditions and the exclusion of liability above do not interfere with the fees payable under ' mandatory rules and not in italian law. DEROGABILI
If holdings media group were blamed for Tripadvisor any loss or damage resulting from, or otherwise related to the use of websites and services by the user, in no Tripadvisor case charges such responsibility of companies in media group will exceed of Tripadvisor aggregate (a) transaction costs paid to evasion of transactions on the portal for Tripadvisor which gave rise to compensation or (b) the amount of us dollars (usd 100 %).
The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties.
Limitations specified in this section will remain in force and will remain binding if it is detected the ineffectiveness of the essential aim of possible remedies limited in these terms specified.
The limitations of liability set out in these terms for companies Tripadvisor there are media group.
MANLEVA
User agrees to compensate and and their affiliated and Tripadvisor manlevare all managers, directors, employees and agents from complaints, actions required, restoration, loss, damage, fines, penalties or other costs and expenses of any kind, including, as an example, any legal expenses and accounting, advanced by a third party and arising from:
(I) breach of this agreement or documents referred by the user; referenziati
(Ii) breach of laws or third-party rights by the user;
(Iii) use of the portal by the user.
Links to websites third-party
This portal may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Tripadvisor.
These hyperlinks are provided only for reference purposes.
Tripadvisor has no control over these websites and is not responsible for the content of the protection of privacy or other practices of these websites.
Also is due to the user take to ensure that the special software downloaded (or selected link or other websites) are Tripadvisor without elements such as viruses, trojan horse, and other elements of nature defects harmful.
Inclusion hyperlink to these websites not in any way imply sponsorship by Tripadvisor material on these websites or associations with this their operators.
Sometimes need to sites third-party to connect the user profile found on this site on a profile to Tripadvisor third parties.
Choosing allow this operation is purely a consensus on optional and link this information (with the site third-party) may be revoked at any time.
Available software portal
Unless otherwise specified, material on websites is presented solely in order to provide information on and to promote services, websites, partners and other products available in the united states, in the relevant Tripadvisor territories, possessions and protectorates.
Websites Tripadvisor are controlled and operated by of its offices located in Tripadvisor commonwealth massachusetts, usa.
Tripadvisor does not provide any representation from the appropriateness or the availability of materials present on websites outside the united states. Tripadvisor
Users who choose to access the portal from outside the united states, Tripadvisor do on personal initiative and be responsible for the accordance with local requirements, if any local requirements applicable.
Software available through websites Tripadvisor shall also be subject to monitoring the us export.
No software made available through websites of Tripadvisor can be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) in (or at subjects nationality or living in cuba), iraq, sudan, north korea, iran, syria or other countries subject to embargo by the united states; (b) in subjects listed Specially designated nationals of u.s. treasury department or the table of u.s. department of commerce Deny orders.
Through the use of websites, the user is and guarantees of Tripadvisor not domiciled in are not be under the control of, not to be nationality or resident in those countries and not to be included in these lists.
Tripadvisor and its affiliated holds software copyright made available for download via the websites Tripadvisor or other 3rd-party software as identified.
The use of such software from the user is governed by the terms of the licensing contract with the end user, where available, accompanying or which is included with the software (" licence agreement ").
Is prohibited the installation or use of software or accompanied by including a licence agreement in the absence of acceptance of the terms of the contract of licence.
Throughout software made available for download on the portal, not accompanied by a licence agreement, with a licence limited this ensures Tripadvisor, personal and non-transferable the use of software for display purposes or other use of the portal, in accordance with these terms and conditions and for any other purposes.
All software, including, as an example, all the html code, xml, java and checks on the portal, is active x contained properties and / or their affiliated and Tripadvisor is protected by copyright laws and the provisions of international treaties.
Explicitly forbidden reproduction or redistribution of software; such action might have serious consequences civil and criminal.
Players violations will be pursued to the maximum permitted by law.
, Without any restriction as indicated above, the copy or reproducing software on another server or positioning for further breeding or redistribution are clearly prohibited.
Where this a guarantee for the software, the guarantee shall be granted exclusively in accordance with the terms of the licensing contract.
Notices trademark and copyright
All content of the portal are: © Tripadvisor. Tripadvisor 2016
All rights reserved.
Tripadvisor shall not be liable content on websites run by entities other than Tripadvisor.
TRIPADVISOR logo, the owl, circles scores and all other names or slogan of products or services shown on the portal are registered or marks legally approved and / or of its suppliers or Tripadvisor licensees, is therefore prohibited the copy, imitation and use, in whole or in part, without the prior written agreement Tripadvisor or trademark owner.
Also appearance, including portal headers all pages, graphics, custom icons and scripts buttons are marks of service, marks or graphical presentation of, it is therefore prohibited the copy Tripadvisor, imitation and use, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Tripadvisor.
Others marks, trademarks registered, names of the product and the names or the logos are owned firms mentioned on the portal of the respective owners.
All references to products, services, processes or other information, using the trade name, brand, producer, vendor or other name are neither imply any endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by Tripadvisor.
Procedure alert and removal (notice) for illegal content and Takedown
Tripadvisor work by adopting the notification procedure and removal.
In case of objections or complaints from user relative among others, messages to users or in the case of material published on the portal or content in portal considered potentially copyright harm the user user may immediately call this process reporting and Tripadvisor removal.
Click here to display the notification procedure and removal notice (and). Takedown
Complete procedure, it will take all possible measures to remove Tripadvisor illegal content within a reasonable time.
Changes
Tripadvisor reserves the right to amend, supplement or to dispose of these terms and conditions or part of them regularly and his sole discretion, if considered necessary for legal purposes, legal and technical or due to variation of the services provided, nature or the layout of the portal.
Therefore user agree to be bound by the terms and conditions as amended.
Tripadvisor reserves the right to amend, suspend or terminate any aspect of the service at any time, Tripadvisor including the availability of any function, database or content.
Tripadvisor also reserves the right to impose limits on certain services and function or restrict access user the whole or a part of it portal or other websites Tripadvisor without notice and without incurring liability for technical reasons or security, to prevent unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data or if the sole discretion of were alleged breach by a Tripadvisor user of any provision in these terms and conditions or laws or regulations, and if the decision to stop the supply of a service.
TRIPADVISOR continuing to use from now on, or following the publication of notices of modifications, the user confirm acceptance of those amendments.
Applicable law
Portal Tripadvisor is operated by the entity of the united states and this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the commonwealth, massachusetts.
User accepts to entrust the exclusive jurisdiction and place procedural courts of massachusetts (usa) accepting the impartiality and compliance procedures for all courts chaired by disputes arising from or relating to the use of the portal.
For all complaints against user and Tripadvisor resulting from or related to portal, the user accepts to form a hearing and proceed to the resolution before a court in matters relevant located in commonwealth massachusetts.
Use portal is not permitted in jurisdictions which do not recognise the feasibility of provisions laid down in these terms and conditions, including, as an example, this paragraph.
Provisions above shall not apply if the laws in force in the country of residence of the user require a reversion to other law and / or jurisdiction and this can not be excluded for the contract.
Currency converter
Rates currencies are based on various sources publicly available and shall be provided exclusively for reference purposes.
Accuracy tariffs is not checked and the actual prices could change.
Currencies preventive might not be in updated daily.
Information provided by the application are considered to be accurate, however and / or its affiliated Tripadvisor do not ensure that accuracy.
If use of this information for purposes financial, please consult a qualified professional in order to verify the accuracy of tariffs converted into other currencies.
Tripadvisor does not authorise the use of such information if not for personal use and explicitly prohibits the user sell, use such information for commercial purposes and redistribute.
Additional licences for mobile devices
Tripadvisor certain parts of the software for mobile devices may contain copyrighted material of which use notes. Tripadvisor
The use of certain applications for mobile devices is governed by Tripadvisor specific conditions.
Visit page licences for mobile devices for the specific regulations for applications mobile Tripadvisor.
General provisions
User accepts that the signing of this agreement and the use of the portal does not give rise to any agreement joint ventures, agency or partnership work contract between the user and companies and / or their Tripadvisor media group members.
Tripadvisor obligations under this agreement shall be subject to the laws in force and legal proceedings and nothing contained in this agreement shall limit the right to act in compliance with requests for Tripadvisor law enforcement, requests for institutions or other requests for legal relating to the use by the user or information provided by portal or collected by it. Tripadvisor
Insofar maximum permitted by the law in force, the user can agree to make complaints or legal action resulting from or related to its access or use of portal within two years from the date on which the complaint or action took place.
The non-respect of time-limits will or the legal action to claim surrender irrevocable.
If clause of this agreement was considered under the existing laws blank or unenforceable, including, for example, the statements on the exemption of guarantees and liability above, the clause declination anything or not applicable will be replaced by a clause valid, as close as possible and applicable in the original intent, without any effect on the clause applicability of clauses of the agreement remaining.
This agreement (and all the terms and conditions including) is the entire agreement between user and in relation to the portal and replaces Tripadvisor any communication or earlier proposals or concomitant, in electronic form, oral or written existed between client and in relation to Tripadvisor portal.
The print version of this agreement and any notices electronically will be eligible in the documents distributed judicial or administrative proceedings connected with this agreement, in equal measure and subject to the same conditions of other documentation or business information generated and handled on paper originally.
These terms and conditions are available in the language of the portal.
The specific terms and conditions under which user improves the agreement does not are stored individually by. Tripadvisor
The portal may not always be updated regularly, therefore no registration is required as a product under the editorial existing law.
Names fictitious companies, products, people, characters and / or data on the portal to represent people, not mentioned companies, products or events.
All rights not specifically guaranteed in this are confidential.
Assistance
For applications or for details, please visit the Tripadvisor know assistance. centre
Alternatively, write to:
Tripadvisor llc
400 1st avenue
Needham 02494, but, usa
© 2016 Tripadvisor llc.
All rights reserved.
