Conditions for the use of service
1.
Introduction consensus; the conditions for using the service
2.
Twitch use by minors and people locked
3.
Privacy policy
4.
Account
5.
Use of devices and services
6.
Modification of the conditions for using the service
7.
Licence
8.
Content users
9.
Behaviour permitted
10.
Than copyright
11.
Marks
12.
Content of third
13.
Present ideas
14.
Cancellation clause expressed
15.
Disputes
16.
Various
17.
Requests for information and notification warrant appearance
18.
Specific conditions for soundtrack by Twitch
1.
Introduction consensus; the conditions for using the service
Read service conditions, which constitute a binding contract.
Welcome services operated by interactive, inc. (Twitch
Defined collectively, together with its related companies, " or " we "), " Twitch made from the website available at https: / / www.twitch.tv, and its network of websites, software applications and other goods or services offered by Twitch (" "). Twitch services
Other Twitch services offered by may be governed by different conditions.
Twitch user using the services have agreed to the guidelines for the community, as well as further guidelines or Twitch published rules on services, made available to the user or Twitch communicated to the user in relation to services and the specific features.
Twitch may also offer payment services, which are subject to the conditions of sale and any other conditions Twitch communicated to the user in relation to these services.
All such terms and conditions and guidelines (" guidelines ") are incorporated in these conditions for the use of the service for reference.
The conditions for using the service apply both to users with a account for services users is unrecorded. Twitch
User clicking " or " subscribe, downloading, gaining access or using the by registering services, accepts to conclude a contract Twitch legally binding with having to object services Twitch Twitch.
User claims to have read and understood these conditions for the use of the service and agree to be bound by them.
If does not accept the conditions for using the service, the user should refrain from access and from using services. Twitch
Using Twitch or managing an account at on behalf of a company, a Twitch institution or organisation (hereinafter referred to as the "), the " collectively organisation entered user: (i) represents and warrants to be an authorised representative organization entered, with the option of the conditions for using the service vincolarla and grant the licences; and (ii) to accept the conditions for using the service on behalf of the organization included.
2.
Twitch use by minors and people locked
Twitch services are not available for people under the age of 13.
If the user has aged 13 years and the age of majority in its own jurisdiction of residence may use the services only under the supervision of Twitch a parent or legal guardian that agrees to be bound by these conditions for the use of the service.
Departments also Twitch are not available for users who previously have been removed from service by itself and for Twitch Twitch subjects not authorised to under laws of the united states participate (e.g. restrictions and regulations export and re-export) and any other jurisdiction applicable.
Downloading installing, or otherwise using services, user has TWITCH at least 13 years of age, which the parent or legal guardian agree to be bound by these conditions of use of the service if the user has aged 13 years and the age of majority in its own jurisdiction of residence and not been previously removed from and not be subject to the services TWITCH ban to receive it.
3.
Privacy policy
The privacy of users is important to Twitch.
Consult the privacy policy of information concerning the way in which to Twitch, use and disseminate information Twitch is personal user and choices relating to privacy on the manner in which the user may manage its online privacy when using services Twitch.
4.
Account
To account and password.
In order to open an account, the user will be asked to provide some information, as an account name and a password.
User is the only responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, their password and limiting access to your computer.
If allows others to use credentials your account user accepts these conditions for the use of the service also on behalf of all the people who use the services with your account or his password and is responsible for all activities that are carried out with his account or his password.
User is invited to ensure that the information communicated to Twitch when registration, and at any time thereafter, are truthful, accurate, up-to-date and complete as you know.
Except where otherwise permitted in writing by the user may not sell, Twitch hire, to let, share or allow access to your account to other entities, including, only in an example, assign another person access to administrative charges of his account.
Twitch reserves its rights and legal way in order to prevent unauthorised use services Twitch, including only in an example, technological barriers, and, in severe cases, mapping ip direct contact with the internet service provider (isp) with regard to unauthorised use.
B. account third
Twitch may allow the user to register and access to services through certain services of third. Twitch
Collection, use and disclosure of user from third parties will be subject to confidentiality policy of this service third.
Further information on how Twitch, use your personal information and disseminate collects user when the latter colleague your account with its own account of any service Twitch third are set out in the privacy policy of Twitch.
5.
Use of devices and services
Access services Twitch may be necessary use their personal computers or its mobile device, in addition to communicate with these devices and use storage space on them.
User bears connection costs fixed or mobile internet charged for access to services Twitch.
6.
Modification of the conditions for using the service
Twitch amend any of these conditions for the use of clause service publishing its amended version.
The continued use of services Twitch after the date of entry into force of the conditions for using the service is tantamount to acceptance of amendments. "
Residents the republic of korea will be a reasonable notice on Twitch any substantial changes to its conditions for the use of the service.
All changes will enter into force not earlier than 30 calendar days after the publication, provided that any change concerning the new functions for the service available and characteristics of the service advantageous for all modifications user or for legal reasons can become immediately effective.
7.
Licence
Services Twitch are owned and under the management of Twitch.
Unless otherwise specified, any contents, information and other material services Twitch (excluding user in subsequent content, including section 8) only in an example, trademarks and logos Twitch, interfaces, graphics, visual design, build, information, the software, the computer code (including the source code or code subject), services, text, images, information, data, sound files and other files and their selection and organisation (called " materials ") are protected by collective rights and the laws on copyright and intellectual property.
All materials are owned by Twitch or its subsidiaries or associates and / or licenzianti third.
Without specific indication by Twitch, written these conditions for accepting using the service user receives a licence limited and non-assignable in a personal and limited (i.e. sublicenza) to access and use services Twitch exclusively for personal purposes or for on farm use.
Twitch reserves all rights not specifically conferred with these conditions for the use of the service.
Licences shall be subject to these conditions for the use of service and does not allow the user to play any of the following activities: (a) resale or commercial use of services or the materials; (b) Twitch distribution public execution or public performance of materials; (c) amend or other form of job creation derived services or materials or a Twitch them; (d) use methods for data mining, robot or similar methods of collection or data extraction; (e) download (except for caching) parts of the services page material or Twitch information contained therein, unless specifically allowed in services; (f) any use Twitch or services or of materials other than Twitch purposes.
Use services Twitch or materials other than specifically authorized in these conditions for the use of the service, without the prior written consent of Twitch, is strictly forbidden and may constitute violation of intellectual property rights or other laws.
Without specific indication in these conditions for the use of the service, in any case, they give a licence on intellectual property rights under foreclosure (), or other legal institutions estoppel implication.
Twitch may withdraw from leave as described in section 14.
8.
Content users
Twitch allows a user to distribute streaming audiovisual works live and recorded, use services such as chat, bulletin boards, messages on forum, contributions and interactive services and vocal wiki participate in other activities in which the user can create publish forward, carried out or store content, messages, text sound, images or other data or materials applications, codes services (" contained ") user Twitch.
To license for Twitch.
(S) unless otherwise agreed in a written contract between the user and Twitch signed by an authorised representative of Twitch, if the user sends sends view, run, public or user using services retains content, lends and its Twitch Twitch, to the maximum extent and for the sublicenziatari maximum period allowed by the law applicable (including indefinitely if permitted under applicable law), unrestricted right, global irrevocable, fully transferable in non-exclusive and free sublicenza (a) use, play, modify, publish, to translate adapt derivative works, distribute, run and to display the contents of the user (including only in an example for the promotion and distribution services or a part thereof, and Twitch on derivative works) in any form, format, support and which will be developed or channel currently known or discovered in the future; and (b) use the name, identity, appearance and voice (and other biographies) user broadcasts in report
Content user if such name, identity, the contain appearance and voice (or other biographies) third parties, the user represents and warrants that it has obtained the necessary consents and / or licences to use these elements and and his Twitch are allowed to use them to the extent indicated sublicenziatari in these conditions for the use of the service.
(Ii) on the content of the user called ", " ", " " add-on maps or other types of mods " projects channelled through related projects published " (or sites Curseforge.com "), the rights granted by the end user at a time when the latter remove or delete projects published by services Twitch.
User further notes that can store but do not show, distribute Twitch copies on projects that published server oeseguire have been removed or removed.
(Iii) with regard to audiovisual works and recorded live streaming rights granted or transmitted by user fail when the latter clear the contents of the user in question from the services or in general when they close the account Twitch, except: (a) to the extent that the user has shared them with other within the service and others have Twitch a copy or have saved parts of content of the user (e.g., have made a clip); (b) Twitch them used for any purpose; and professional (c) for the time reasonably needed to remove them from the backup and from other systems.
B. guarantees relating to statements and user content
User responds fully of their content of user and consequences arising from their publication or dissemination.
User represents and warrants: (1) to be the author or the holder of the content of the user or still have sufficient rights and powers to confer rights granted here; (2) that the substance of user (a) are not counterfeiting, breach or misappropriation of rights of third parties, including copyright, trademarks, patents, business secrets, moral rights, rights to privacy rights, advertising and any other intellectual property right or industrial and (b) are not against other people; (diffamatori 3) that the contents of the user does not contain viruses, spyware, adware, worm, or other forms of malicious code or damaging; and (4) unless the prior written approval, the contents of the user does not contain any specific or beta does not publish content pre-release software or games or other confidential information of Twitch or third parties.
Twitch reserves all rights and remedies towards users breaching these statements and guarantees.
C. relative risk to content uploaded
Twitch using reasonable security measures in order to protect the content of the user to copy and distribution unauthorised.
However Twitch does not ensure that should not take place any copy, use or distribution unauthorised the contents of the user.
Maximum extent permitted by the law applicable, the user accepts that it will not be responsible for any Twitch copy, or unauthorised use distribution of content user from third parties and exempting and definitively to any waiver of claim against unauthorised use or for that Twitch copy the contents of the user, in any way.
Safety measures to protect the content of the user taken by shall be made available TWITCH in the state where they are, without any guarantee, condition, certainty or other clause ensuring that they will be able to reject attempts to circumvent mechanisms and security security measures in question will not be overcome, or at least deactivated circumvented.
D promotion.
Users can promote, administer or conduct promotion (a competition or services or through Twitch lottery) (' promotion ') they.
Opts if the user to promote, or conduct should administer promotion adhere to the rules listed below.
1. user is entitled to perform promotions in limits of the law applicable and is in full conformity of promotion to every law, debt and limitation (applicable.
User 2) is listed as the promoter of promotion in / and / / i and is applicable the jurisdiction of every aspect and fully on its promotion, including cost only in an example implementation the administration and management of promotion; preparation and publication of the regulation; official selection of the delivery of premiums; and victors; obtaining any authorisation and allowed to third, including only in an example the deposit of any registration and security necessary.
Twitch entitled to remove the promotion services if it considers that this assistance is not reasonably Twitch complies with the conditions for using the service or the applicable laws.
3 promotions) are not supported and approved by, that responsibility for each Twitch declines to them.
User can not indicate as sponsor or promoting Twitch co-sponsors.
4) user should display or read the text below when a promotion in connection with its promotion is: " this is a promotion of [username].
Twitch sponsors or promoting not supports [username] and any responsibility on this decline promotion.
And Endorsement / for.
User declares that the content of the user is consistent with the guidelines Concerning the use of Testimonials and Endorsements in advertising of the ftc, the native guides the ftc Disclosures of advertising guidelines, and any other guideline ftc published from time to time the ftc (" guidelines " ftc) and any other guideline on advertising required in accordance with applicable law.
E.g. if the user has received compensation or products in exchange for free or promoting discussion a product or service through the services or if the user is working for an Twitch undertaking and decides to treat or promote the products or services of that undertaking through services, agrees to meet the obligation provided for Twitch by guidelines to make known the debt ratio. ftc
User Twitch, not, is responsible for any endorsement or fully relating to a product or service for through services Twitch.
F political activity.
Under present conditions for the use of the service and the guidelines for the community, the user can share political views, take part in political activities, providing links to official website a political committee, including the page donations to a political committee, and invite viewers to donate to direct a political committee.
However, the user accepts that such activities are to be considered personal initiatives entirely.
Doing these activities also user to be eligible for and ensure says according to the laws and performing them in doing so meets all the relevant laws and regulations.
User agrees not to use, or seek the use of, any instrument of treated as (e.g. Twitch or subscription) in order to accommodate bits or transmitting a candidate, donations to a committee which is headed by a candidate, a panel of political action, a committee of ballot or any other committee election campaign or carry out any other action in order to influence any election.
Candidates for political posts are unsuited to the use of any instrument of Twitch on their channels. other
9.
Behaviour permitted
User agrees not to violate laws, contracts, intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, not to commit unlawful acts, and respond fully of their conduct services Twitch.
User agrees to respect these conditions for the use of the service and the guidelines for the community and not Twitch.
I. creating, loading, transmitting, or store contained inaccurate, distribute unlawful,, obscene, pornographic, contraffati diffamatori invasive rights, privacy or advertising, threatening, abusive, vanity, or at least questionable instigators;
Ii.
Pretend person or company, no such affiliation with a person or an millantare one subject access to account services of other without authorization, counterfeit Twitch digital signature of other people, presentation false provenance, identity or the content of information sent through the services or perform other fraudulent activities like; Twitch
Iii.
Unwanted sending messages (junk mail or) service users Twitch spam, including only in an example advertising not required, promotional materials, other materials reminder, equation mass, e-mail advertising, requests for information announcements chains charity, petitions or any other procedure related to gifts (e.g., free
Lotteries and competitions) or other such activities;
Iv.
Collect e-mail addresses and other contact details of other users services Twitch.
V. falsehood,, abused, threaten or cheat molest users or collect, try to collect the Twitch personal data of users or third without their consent.
There.
Eliminate remove, circumvent, or otherwise, disable damage interfere with (a) the security features of the services or content user Twitch (b) the characteristics which prevent or restrict use or copying the content accessible through services Twitch, (c) the characteristics which impose restrictions on the use of services or the content of the user or Twitch (d) delete what is of copyright or other intellectual property rights by the departments or the content of user; Twitch
Vii.
Play reverse-engineering, or otherwise, disassembling decompilare try to date back to the source code services or a part thereof, except Twitch when this activity is expressly permitted by the law of the jurisdiction of residence;
Vii.
Amend adapt, translate and create based on derivative works, services or a Twitch except if, and only insofar as this activity is expressly permitted by the law applicable despite this limitation;
Ix.
Interfere or impair the operation services Twitch or their enjoyment of users, by any means, including reuploading them or other forms of spreading of viruses, spyware, adware, worm or other forms of malicious code;
X. recover e-mail from mail server third parties without consent;
Xi.
Access websites, server, application software or other resources computer, used and / or taken into, including under licence by Twitch purely services, by way of example Twitch, spider robot, or other means, automated crawler scraper, regardless of the purpose, or circumvent the measures used to Twitch to prevent or restrict access to websites, server, application software or other resources computer, used and / or taken into, including under license from Twitch purely example services Twitch.
Xii.
Manipulate identifiers in order to conceal the origin of the contents of the user services transmitted through Twitch.
Xiii.
Disturb interfere with or services or networks, servers Twitch related services not comply with requirements, procedures or Twitch, criteria or regulations networks related to services; services Twitch in any use Twitch way likely to interfere, disturb, prevent other users to use undermine or fully services or likely to damage, disable, Twitch overload or jeopardise the functioning of services Twitch in any way;
Xiv.
Use or attempting to use the account of another user without authorisation of the user and Twitch.
Xv.
Attempts to circumvent filter technology content applied by, or try to access services Twitch or areas of services to which the user is not Twitch authorised to access;
Xvi.
Millantare in any way, with or without notice written any relationship with or have received support Twitch Twitch in itself or any their product or service for any purpose; and
Xvii.
Use Twitch for illicit purposes or services violations of laws or regulations local, state, national or international, including only in an example laws governing the intellectual property rights and other property rights, data protection and confidentiality.
In limits of the law applicable, responsibility for the content of each Twitch declines user and for the damage caused by them; in addition is not of errors Twitch defamation, slander, omissions, lie, pornography or obscenity to which the user can be exposed vulgarity using services Twitch.
Use services Twitch user is at their own risk.
In addition, these rules do not constitute a right by third parties, or a actionable reasonable expectation that services not provided by these rules prohibited include Twitch.
Twitch is not statements or declarations present in content of the user.
Twitch does not approve the contents of the user, nor the opinions, recommendations or advice they expressed, and specifically with regard to content declines all responsibility of the user.
Maximum extent permitted by the applicable law, Twitch reserves the right to remove, screening or amend the content of the user published or services at any time and archived Twitch, even if such unannounced content of user these conditions for the use of violin service or the applicable law; the user must therefore be to create backups of content that user or public services at their own expense exclusive Twitch archive and replacing a in case of removal.
Use services in breach of the clauses above is Twitch non-compliance with these conditions for the use of the service and may include inter alia the termination or suspension of the user's right to use services. Twitch
For residents of the republic of korea, except where Twitch considers that the notification is legally prohibited reasonably (e.g. where provide a notification (s) violate involves the laws, regulations or orders applicable by the regulatory authorities or (ii) bringing an ongoing investigation conducted by a regulatory authority) or any notification can harm the user, to others, by Twitch and / or its related companies (for example, when the safety of services provide a notification harm), will provide without delay the Twitch Twitch notification of the reason for the action relevant change.
10.
Than copyright
Twitch complies with the intellectual property of others and shall comply with the obligations imposed by the digital millennium copyright act (dmca " ") and other applicable law.
Authors holders of copyright and its agents who believe that the content in services constitute a breach of their copyright Twitch may send an alert in our guidelines, which are also further information on the dmca our policies, on what is included in the reporting and about where it went.
11.
Marks
TWITCH logos, and any other name Twitch product or service, logo or slogan, and appearance of services to Twitch Twitch, including headers all pages, graphics, custom icons buttons and scripts are trademarks or graphical presentation of Twitch.
Without the prior written consent of Twitch, is prohibited the use, even in part, in relation to any product or service not in any way likely to induce Twitch in confusion customers or in any way detrimental to discredit Twitch.
The use of these marks should be done in accordance with the guidelines on trademarks to Twitch.
All other markings mentioned services are owned Twitch their owners.
References products, services, processes or other information, for trade name, brand, producer, or otherwise, contained in the service provider, neither imply acceptance Twitch or recommendation by the same sponsorship, nor other forms of Twitch affiliation.
12.
Content of third
In addition to the content of the user, to provide services can Twitch other content (the third Twitch of third parties '). " contained collectively
Twitch does not control or approve the contents of third parties and does not issue any statement or guarantee whatsoever on the content of third, even under purely on their accuracy or completeness of example.
The contents of third are not created or updated monitored by Twitch.
So Twitch is not content to third present in services Twitch.
Decision if access or use the websites or applications related third party services (" related ') is Twitch sites solely to the user.
Twitch does not control or adopted sites related information, or materials, products or services contained in the sites related or accessible and does not issue statements or guarantees of any kind on the sites related.
Also correspondence and trade relations between the user and advertisers present services identified by them and Twitch or participation in their promotion, only arise by virtue of the relationship between the user and the inserzionista.
Access sites related and use of sites related as information, materials, products and services available through sites related is exclusive risk of the user.
13.
Present ideas
Sending ideas, suggestions, documents and / or proposals (" ") or its proposals to Twitch staff, the user notes and accepts that Twitch are entitled to use or disseminate these proposals for any purpose and must not recognise any mode compensation or other forms of recognition to the user.
14.
Cancellation clause expressed
Maximum extent permitted by the applicable law, Twitch reserves the right, unannounced at its sole discretion, to resolve the license agreement for services (including the publication of content Twitch user) and block the user or prevent access Twitch and their use in the future, even if reasonably assesses that: (a) the use of services by the user violates these Twitch conditions for the use of the service or the applicable law; (b) the user uses fraudulently or improper services; or (c) Twitch Twitch is unable to continue to provide services Twitch user for technical reasons or reasons legitimate business.
Our right to cancel the licence of user includes the option to terminate or suspend the access of goods or services bought, including subscriptions, first gaming or accounts turbo.
Maximum extent permitted by the law applicable, the only solution available to the user if it is not satisfied with (i), (ii) services Twitch clauses of these conditions for the use of service, (iii) policies and practices adopted by the management of services or Twitch Twitch (iv) content or information transmitted through the services, is close the account and Twitch cease to use the services in all particulars. Twitch
For residents of the republic of korea, except where Twitch considers that the notification is legally prohibited reasonably (e.g. where provide a notification (s) violate involves the laws, regulations or orders applicable by the regulatory authorities or (ii) bringing an ongoing investigation conducted by a regulatory authority) or any notification can harm the user, to others, by Twitch and / or its related companies (for example, when the safety of services provide a notification harm), will provide without delay the Twitch Twitch notification of the reason for the action relevant change.
15.
Disputes
Manleva.
As far as permitted by the law applicable, the user undertakes to compensate, defend and their related companies and, manlevare Twitch controlled and each of its external suppliers, employees, officials, agents, third-party providers, individually and collectively, and partner (licenzianti " parts ") against any claim Twitch, loss, damage, request expenditure, cost and responsibilities, including parcels and legal costs, arising from or related to access, use or misuse by the user of services, the content of the user published Twitch stored or otherwise services transmitted or with them from Twitch abuse by the user rights of third parties, the abuse by the user of the conditions for using the service or the failure to comply with declarations and guarantees issued by the user.
User agrees to notify promptly of any claim to third parties Twitch and Twitch reserves the right, at the expense of the user, to take the defence and control exclusive any matter for which the user is required to make good Twitch, who agreed to cooperate with the challenge of these claims. Twitch
Twitch will all reasonable efforts to inform the users of these demands, actions or proceedings as soon as known.
B exclusion of responsibility and guarantees.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable: (a) services and content and materials in TWITCH they included shall be made available in condition they are in, " without a guarantee of any kind or explicit, except those specifically or implied granted in writing by TWITCH; (b) the parties exclude any guarantee TWITCH express or implied, including only in an example, the implicit guarantees of fitness for a specific purpose, merchantability ownership and not for services, counterfeiting also in relation to information, TWITCH the content or the materials that are in them; (c) not declared or shall ensure that the content TWITCH or materials present in services TWITCH is accurate, complete, reliable, updated or free from error; (d) declines all responsibility of TWITCH typographic errors or omissions relating to texts or pictures; and (e) while in an attempt to secure access to services TWITCH and their use, TWITCH, and does not guarantee, it can not guarantee that services TWITCH
Information and recommendations, oral or written, the user receives from or through the services are not TWITCH TWITCH in any way a guarantee explicit or implicit.
C. limitation of liability and damages
The limitation of liability.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable: (a) in any case and parts of damage will TWITCH TWITCH direct, indirect or for special or resulting from other damage of any kind, including only in an example, the loss of use, the lack of profit or loss of data under contractual liability, (also, speaking purely non-contractual example, negligently) or other evidence, due or in any way related to the use or the impossibility of using the services, the content or the materials, TWITCH including only in an example damage resulting from the user or rely on information obtained from TWITCH, or caused by errors, omissions, breaks, cancellation of file or email, errors, defects, virus, delays in operation or in the transmission or failure, regardless of whether they are attributable to force majeure, malfunctions communications, theft, destruction or unauthorised access to records, programmes or services; and (b) TWITCH in no case overall responsibility for TWITCH
Insofar applicable law prohibits the limitation of this responsibility, will limit its responsibilities to the maximum extent TWITCH permitted under the law applicable.
Ii.
Sites related
Limitations responsibilities laid down shall also apply to damage suffered by the user due to goods or services sold or provided on sites or related third parties other than, of which the user benefits through TWITCH services being advertised on them or TWITCH or enjoyed by through sites related.
Iii.
Foundation of bargaining
User notes and accepts that TWITCH offered services, the contents of the users, the TWITCH materials and other content and other information, set their prices and concluded these conditions for the use of service relying on exclusions guarantee and the limitations of liability planned exclusions guarantee and the limitations of liability referred to represent a reasonable and fair distribution of risk between the user and TWITCH and exclusions guarantee and the limitations of liability envisaged are an essential part of the negotiation between the user and TWITCH.
Without TWITCH such restrictions would not be able to provide services TWITCH user in a thrifty.
D. applicable law and jurisdiction
(S) to the maximum extent permitted by the applicable law, the user and agree that if the user Twitch is an organisation or a consumer resident in entered a jurisdiction other than those referred to in paragraph (ii), shall apply the following provisions on applicable law and arbitration.
Read carefully the following because they provide for that disputes with TWITCH how to arbitration and limit the user may require by TWITCH remedies.
User Twitch and agree to arbitration by regular disputes arising from these conditions for the use of the service or operating services Twitch, with the exception that the user and will not be obliged to proceed to arbitration Twitch for disputes aimed at obtaining legal remedy the alleged abuse of copyright, trademarks, trademarks, logos, business secrets or patents.
Arbitration preclude the possibility of using the law courts.
User Twitch and agree to communicate in writing any dispute within 30 days from the time that arise.
Notify Twitch should be sent to: interactive, inc., Twitch
Legal attn: 350 bush street, 2nd floor, san francisco, ca 94104.
User Twitch and also agree to informal: resolution prior to the arbitration; that the arbitration will take place in the county of santa clara, california; that the arbitration will take place in a confidential manner under the direction of a sole arbitrator according to the rules of jams; and that the courts state or federal of santa clara county, california have exclusive jurisdiction on the possible appeal an arbitration award and on causes between the parties not subject to arbitration.
Except processes and the legal means collective mentioned below, the referee has competence to recognise any remedy that would otherwise be available for judicial process.
Except processes and the legal means collective mentioned below, the referee has competence to recognise any remedy that would otherwise be available for judicial process.
Any dispute between the parties will be settled in this agreement, by the laws of the state of california and the laws in force in the united states, to the exclusion of the rules of private international law involving the application of the right to a different jurisdiction.
Whether the dispute is treated in courts of law or user out-of-court and undertake to refrain from Twitch collective action, to arbitration or other collective actions or procedures in representation.
(Ii) if the user is established in a jurisdiction in which the clause section above is considered inapplicable, disputes, complaints or causes of action arising from or in connection with these conditions for the use of the service will be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of jurisdiction of residence of the user and will be resolved by the courts competent civil within the jurisdiction of residence of the user.
And complaints.
User TWITCH and agree that any action or cause related services should be initiated or resulting TWITCH (1) within one year from the time that is, failing which the prescribed.
16.
Various
Waivers.
Where Twitch fails to exercise or claim rights or clauses laid down in these conditions for the use of the service, this omission will not be waives the right or to the clause in question.
Forgoing one of the provisions in these conditions for the use of the service will be effective only if written and signed by rinunciante.
B. clause partial invalidity
Where one of the clauses of these conditions for the use of service is deemed unlawful or for any reason not anything, the clause will be limited or deleted operated by these conditions for the use of service in measure without minimum necessary effects on validity and the remaining clauses. azionabilità
C allocation.
These conditions for the use of the service, as well as the rights and licences conferred under the same can not be transferred or sold by the user, and can be ceded by Twitch without restrictions.
Any attempt to transfer in breach of the conditions for the use of the service will be null and void.
D. clause ultrattività
Termination these conditions for the use of the service, clauses which by their nature or explicit indication, including maintain their effectiveness as an example the sections 7, 8, 11, 12, and will be effective, following the expiration, 15-17 or termination of the contract.
And clause completeness.
The conditions for the use of the service, incorporating the conditions of sale and the guidelines for the community, constitute the entire agreement between user and Twitch relating to covered by this document, which may be amended only by an act written and signed by the authorised representatives of both sides, or with a unilateral change of these conditions for the use of the service as set out in the previous section made by Twitch 6.
17.
Requests for information and notification warrant appearance
All requests for information or documents relating to legal proceedings, investigation or disputes potential envisaged or ongoing must be sent according to the appropriate level and must be properly notified for notification legal Twitch through service company (csc) corporation, the agent for recording national Twitch.
Address california of (the csc user can be detected in csc jurisdiction on the website of the secretary of state) is as follows:
Twitch interactive, inc.
C / o corporation service company
2710 gateway oaks drive, suite 150n
Sacramento, ca 95833
Twitch does not accept requests for information or documents or legal notifications by e-mail or fax and does not respond to requests received with these instruments.
All requests should submit the information available to the user enabling to identify records in question (Twitch in particular, the service in question, for example, Twitch www.twitch.tv and username concerned, for example the username Twitch: http: / / username /), the specific www.twitch.tv information required and their relationship with the assessment of the user.
He played that reduces the request to record relevant (e.g. time defined), user a jailbreak efficiently request. will
Twitch services are offered by Twitch, inc., interactive
Based in: 350, 2nd floor, bush street san francisco, ca, email: @ twitch.tv. 94104 help
Users living in california may request to receive the same information for sending a communication to address before e-mail, indicating your email address and the required information.
18.
Specific conditions for soundtrack by Twitch
Twitch ™ (" soundtrack " soundtrack by) is part of the services and Twitch is a tool for issuers designed to give the authors of content the possibility of playing music under as background of their and load live streaming videos on-demand of those which do not include the music live streaming.
Downloading installing, and / or use in another way, the user accepts that the download soundtrack, installation and / or the use of these conditions for the soundtrack is settled use of the service.
As also apply the guidelines of the community and guidelines for the music, to consult both resources Twitch advise before using soundtrack.
Soundtrack arises from the wish to give the authors content of Twitch a wide variety of music under for their live streaming.
Twitch obtained licences for this purpose, by many at right-holders and continues to do so to continue to add new songs stations and the playlist of album.
Twitch also designed to give them the opportunity of soundtrack generate their live streaming video on-demand which do not include the music.
Licences obtained from permits to put these materials Twitch Twitch available to the user for their use in live streaming on their channel Twitch.
Music and other materials made available through soundtrack were not licensed for use in contained in content that can be transmitted pre-registrati streaming on-demand (as) or outside vod and clip services Twitch.
This means that the user may not:
Create on-demand containing material from soundtrack: content we specially designed with this limitation, and through a soundtrack correct configuration user can create and use videos on-demand without music by including live streaming music soundtrack; or
Transmit live content including music or other material from soundtrack outside services Twitch.
Taking any of these actions, the user might receive a notification of violation by the holders of rights and their agents.
It is important to remember that music rights change over time.
Reserve therefore entitled to edit or remove at any time some songs or other content from soundtrack (e.g., to comply with the applicable laws or our licences musical).
Twitch has no responsibility for the way in which the user using soundtrack.
