Www.uber.com https: / / / legal / en / document /? name = general-terms-of-use & lang = en & country = italy
Last modified: 25/12/2019
Uber b.v.
Terms and conditions
Last updated: 4 december 2017
1.
Contractual relationship
These usage terms (" ") for access or use, for its part, a natural person, from any country in the world (excluding the united states and its territories and possessions, and mainland china) uses websites, content, products and services (the " services ") made available by uber b.v., limited liability company established a in the netherlands, based in Mr.
Treublaan 1097 7 dp amsterdam, netherlands, registered at the chamber of commerce with number (" amsterdam. " 56317441 uber
Please read carefully these terms before entering or use the services.
Access and use services constitutes its acceptance to be bound by these terms, and this provides a contractual relationship between you and uber.
Where does not accept these words, you can not access or use the services.
These replace any previous agreement or arrangement terms specifically with you.
Uber can solve these terms or services by immediately or take you in general end the offer or refuse access to services or a part of them at any time and for any reason.
Additional terms may apply to certain services, such as policies for an event, an asset or a special promotion and these deadlines will be communicated in relation to the additional services apply.
Terms additional complements the terms and may be part of it for the purposes of services apply.
Additional deadlines will present in case of conflict on terms compared with services apply.
Uber can amend the terms relating to services from time to time.
Changes come into force with the publication by these terms at this site uber updated or policies modified or terms of services applicable additional.
Access or use services continued after that publication constitutes its consent to be bound by the terms, as amended.
Collection and use of personal data in relation to the services is in accordance with the policy on privacy uber available at https: / / www.uber.com / privacy / notice.
Uber can give to a person responsible claims or an insurer all necessary information (including his contact details) in cases of complaint, dispute or conflict, the which may include an accident involving you and a third supplier (including a driver of a company of a transport network) and such information or data are required to resolve the complaint, the dispute or conflict.
2.
Services
Services are a technology platform that allows users of mobile applications or websites for uber provided under the services (each a " application ") to organise and plan transport services and / or with third parties independent suppliers of such logistical services, including third independent service providers of transport and the third independent service providers logistical bound by a contractual agreement with some of the related companies of or uber (" third "). uber suppliers
Uber unless otherwise agreed by in a separate written agreement with you, services are made available exclusively for his personal use and not trade.
You acknowledges that does not provide transport services or logistical uber or operates as transport carrier and that all those transport services or logistics are provided by third parties independent suppliers who are not employed by uber or any of its related companies.
Licence.
Provided that these terms, the grants a licence limited, not uber, not exclusive,, non-transferable basis for sublicenziabile revocable: (i) access and use applications on his device only as regards the use of personal services; and (ii) access and use any content, information and materials related that can be made available via services, in any case only for his personal use and not trade.
All rights not specifically granted in this agreement, they are expressly confidential by and by licensing concessori uber uber.
Restrictions.
User shall be prohibited to: (i) remove any copyright, trademark or other distinguishing marks owners from any part of the services; (ii) to prepare, modify derivative works, distribute, license, sell, rent, transfer, view publicly run, sell publicly sent distribute streaming, spread over the air or otherwise exploit services except as expressly permitted by; (iii) uber, services or decompilare decode except as disassembling allowed by the applicable law; (iv) linking, duplicate or any part of the frame services; (v) use or to programs or scripts in order to extract index, analyse, or otherwise derive data from any part of the services or an excessive burden or hamper the functioning and / or the function of any aspect of services; or (vi) to try to achieve an unauthorised access or compromise any aspect of the services or their systems or networks.
Provision of services.
You acknowledges that services can be made available under portions the various marks or options request associated with uber transport services or logistical marks, including transport services currently on request, " " called " uber, " ", " " uberpop uberx, " ", " " uberxl Uberblack, " ", " " Ubersuv Uberberline, " " and " Ubervan Uberexec marks " and " Uberlux logistics upon request, " " currently called " Uberrush " and ". " Uberfresh Ubereats
You also recognises that services can be made available under such marks or options on request by or in relation to: (i) some of the subsidiaries and associates of uber; or (ii) third independent suppliers, including drivers company transport networks, holders of a permit to transport rented or holders of permits, authorisation or licence comparable transport.
Services and content of third parties.
Services can be made available or accessible in connection with the services and the contents of third parties (including advertising) uber does not control.
You recognise that the use of such services and content third-party might apply terms of use and privacy different policies.
Uber rejects such services and content of third parties and in no case uber goods or services will be responsible for the such third party providers.
Also, apple inc.,
Google, inc.,
Microsoft blackberry or limited and / or their subsidiaries and associates applicable international will be beneficiaries of this third contract if you will accede to services by using applications developed respectively for ios, android, microsoft windows, apple or blackberry mobile devices.
These beneficiary third not party to this contract and they are not responsible for the provision of services or support in any way.
His access to services using these devices is subject to the conditions laid down in relevant terms of use of beneficiary third.
Properties
Services and all the rights attaching are and will remain owned by uber or their licence concessori.
Nor these terms, nor his using services transfers or attaches to you any rights: (i) in relation to the services, except for the licence granted limited referred to above; or (ii) to use or refer in any way to the names of the company, logos, goods or services names, trademarks or marks service uber or those of licensing concessori uber.
3.
Its use services
User account.
In order to use most of the function of services, a register and maintaining a user account utentedeve staff for services (" "). account
User shall be at least 18 years of age or the age of legal in its jurisdiction (if different from 18 years) in order to obtain an account.
Recording account you must provide some personal information, such as uber name, address, telephone number and age, cell and at least one method of payment valid (a credit card or a payment instrument accepted).
She undertakes to maintain accurate, comprehensive and up-to-date information in its accounts.
Any non-respect of the undertaking to maintain information account accurate, comprehensive and updated, including maintenance in store a method of payment not valid or expired, can determine the lack of access and use services or the resolution by this contract with her uber
You are responsible for all activities occurring on his account, and undertakes to maintain the security and the secrecy of your username and password account at any time.
Uber writing unless otherwise permitted by you may hold a single account.
Requirements and conduct of the user.
The service is not available for use by persons below 18 years.
You can not allow third parties to use his account, and can not allow persons under the age of 18 years to receive transport services or logistical from third party providers unless they are not accompanied by her.
You can not sell or otherwise transfer his account to any other person or entity.
You undertakes to abide by all laws applicable during the use of services, and use services only for legitimate purposes (e.g.)
Is excluded transport of illegal material or dangerous).
Using services, you will not cause discomfort, harassment, discomfort, or damage to property, both in respect of the third supplier anywhere.
In some cases you may be required to provide an identity document to access or use the services, and she acknowledges that the may be denied access or use of services, if it refuses to provide an identity document.
Text messages.
By creating an account, she accepts that the services could send text messages (sms) information, as part of its normal operational use of services.
You may choose not to receive text messages (sms) by uber at any time by sending a e-mail to support @ indicating that does not wish to receive such uber.com messages, together with the telephone number of the mobile device that receives messages.
She notes that the choice not to receive text messages (sms) can influence the use of services.
Promotional codes.
Uber may, at his sole discretion, create codes that can be redeemed for promotional account credit, or for other characteristics or benefits linked to services and / or services of third party providers, without prejudice to additional conditions which lays down according to the codes (uber promotional ". " promotional codes
User acknowledges that codes promotional: (i) shall be used for the recipients and purpose taken and legally; (ii) can not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any way, or made available to the public in general (published in a publicly accessible forum or otherwise), without specific permission of uber; (iii) may be disabled by uber at any time for any reason, without any responsibility towards uber; (iv) may be used only in accordance with the terms specific provides for this tutorial; (uber v) are not valid as a form of liquidity; and (vi) might end before being used.
Uber reserves the right to retain or deducted or other characteristics or benefits obtained loans through the use of codes from you or from any other promotional user where uber considers that the use or creates or the repayment of the tutorial, was due to error, fraudulent or in violation of illegal terms of these terms applicable or tutorial.
Content provided by the user.
Uber may, at his sole discretion, allow time to load, publish or otherwise make available through services, content and uber textual information, audio, and / or videos, including comments and feedback on services, the submission of requests for support, and the presentation of printed in competitions and (" contained user ') promotion.
Any content user which she has made is his property.
But providing the contents of the user, she gives a licence uber uber world, irrevocable, free from perpetuates transferable, with the right to royalties, use, copy, modify, sublicenza create derivative works, distribute, view publicly publicly, otherwise run in any way such content user use in all formats and channels of distribution known now or in the future (including in relation to services and activities and uber sites and services third-party), without further notice or consent for its part, and without payment obligation to you or any other person or entity.
You represents and warrants that: (i) you are the sole owner and exclusive all contents user or has all the rights, licences, the consensus and the permissions necessary to grant to a licence for the contents of the user uber as already established; and (ii) nor the content of the user nor the submission, loading, the publication, or the provision of such content of user for its part, or the use of uber content user as allowed here, will be misappropriation or lederanno will violate the intellectual property rights or property rights or rights of third parties, or advertising or confidentiality will determine the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You agree not to provide content user are odious, violent,, diffamatori denigratori obscene, illegal or otherwise, pornographic offensive, as determined by its sole discretion, whatever uber by the fact that this material can or not be protected by law.
Uber can, but there will be obliged to examine, monitor the contents of the user, or remove at the sole discretion of uber and at any time and for any reason, without warning against him.
Network access and devices.
You have the responsibility to gain access to the network data necessary to use the services.
Fees and charges for the messaging and data of its mobile network could be applicable if or use services by a device will accede via wireless and you will be responsible for these charges and costs.
You is responsible for the acquisition and updating the hardware compatible or the necessary arrangements to access and use services and applications and their updates.
Uber does not guarantee that services, or part of them work on any hardware or specific devices.
Also services may be subject to failures and delays on the use of the internet and electronic communications.
4.
Payment
You recognises that the use of services may be borne objections for services or goods received from a third-party supplier (" '). so
After received services or goods obtained through the use of the service, the payment of charges applicable to facilitate uber account of third supplier as an the levying of charges for such limited third supplier.
Payment debits in this way will be regarded as a payment made directly from you in the third supplier.
Debits including taxes will be applicable where required by law.
Debits you are ineligible and welded final unless otherwise determined by uber.
You retains the right to request charges lower by a third party for services or goods to her supplier received by that third party when supplier receive such goods or services.
Uber respond appropriately to any request by a third supplier to amend charges for a particular service or right.
All debits are payable immediately and the payment will be facilitated by using the method of payment uber indicated on its account, so i preferred the confirmation e-mail will uber.
If concludes that the method of payment of its main account has expired, invalid or otherwise unable to be loaded, she accepts that as the agent limited the collection can uber payments that third supplier, use a method of payment in his account, if available.)
The relationship between you and uber reserves the right to establish uber remove and / or modify charges for some or all of the services or goods obtained through the use of services at any time at the sole discretion of uber.
In addition, you recognised and accepted the charges applicable in certain geographic areas may increase substantially in periods of high demand.
Uber will make all reasonable efforts to inform you about the objections which may be applicable, on the understanding that you will be responsible for the objections in her account irrespective of whether accrued was aware or not for these charges or their amounts.
Uber may from time to time to provide specific users that may result in a promotional offers discounts and diversity of amounts applicable for the same services or goods obtained through the use of services, and she accepts that such offers and unless campaign discounts made available to you, too, will not have to do with its use of services or debits you applied.
You can choose to cancel the request for goods or services from a third supplier at any time before the arrival of this third supplier, in which case the may be charged against a cancellation charge.
This structure payment is intended to compensate fully the third services or supplier for goods supplied.
Unless regarding transport services required by the application, taxi uber did not confer any part of its payment as a tip or an act of gifts for the third supplier.
Any statement by (on the website uber uber on the application or on materials marketing of), in the sense that the tip uber is ' voluntary ' " not required " and / or " including " payments that you be in services or goods delivered, is not intended to suggest that any additional amount uber recognises other than those described above, the third supplier.
You recognises and accepts that, although it is free to recognise as a donation to any further amounts which will provide services third supplier or property obtained through the service, you have no obligation to do so.
Tips are voluntary.
After received services or goods obtained through the service, will have the opportunity to provide an evaluation of its experience and to leave a side comment on the third supplier.
Costs relating to repairs or cleaning.
You responsible for the cost of repairing damage or for the necessary cleaning vehicles and goods of third supplier, arising from the use of services with his account where such damage and the necessary cleaning exceed the normal wear " (" " repair or cleaning ').
Where one-third signals the need for repair or supplier cleaning, and this request for repair or cleaning is discharged by at its discretion, same uber reasonable uber reserves the right to facilitate the payment of reasonable cost of that repair or cleaning of the third supplier using the method of payment indicated in your account.
These amounts will be transferred from the third supplier and are not applicable uber eligible.
5.
Special; limitation of liability and compensation.
Exclusion.
These services are supplied as " are " and " come available. "
Uber excludes all declarations and guarantees, expressed, or law, not expressly enshrined implicit in these terms, including the implicit guarantees of merchantability, eligibility for a particular purpose and not violation.
Uber also had no comment, guarantee or insurance about the reliability, speed, quality, availability of services or eligibility or of goods or services required by the use of services, or that the services will be without interruption or accurately.
Uber does not guarantee the quality, the adequacy, safety or the capacity of third party providers.
You agree that the entire risk arising from its use of services, and services or any good required in connection to them, is borne exclusively, insofar as this is allowed by law applicable.
Limitation of liability.
Uber won't be responsible for any damage, indirect incidental, special copies, or punitive, including loss of earnings CONSEQUENZIALI data loss, the personal injury or damage to property, or otherwise related to, or in connection arising from the use of services, even if it has been informed of the possibility of uber such damage.
Uber won't be responsible for any damage, responsibility or losses arising from: (i) the use or the reliance on services or an inability to access or use the services; or (ii) any transaction or relationship between you and any third party, although supplier has been informed of the possibility of uber such damage.
Uber is not responsible for the delay or failure resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of uber.
You acknowledges that the supplier third transport which provide services of transport required by certain marks may offer transport services required in or and may not have RIDESHARING peer-to-peer licences or permits professional.
In any case, the total liability of respect in respect of services in on uber for all damage, losses and causes action will exceed the sum of 500 euro (€ 500.
Services uber may be used by you calling for transport services and plan for goods and services with supplier third, but you logistical acknowledges that uber has no responsibility against him in relation to transport services for goods and services provided to you from third party providers logistical outside than mentioned specifically in these terms.
Limitations and exclusion guarantee in this section 5 will not limit liability or modify its rights which can not be excluded from consumer legislation.
Compensation
You agree to compensate and keep and its officials, directors, uber employees and agents free of any and every claim, request, losses, liability and legal expenses) (including expenditure arising from, or in relation to: (i) the use of services or services or goods obtained through the use of services; (ii) the infringement for its part of one of these terms; (iii) the use by the content of the user; or uber (iv) the violation of the rights of third parties, including the supplier third
6.
Legislation and arbitration.
Done unless otherwise provided for in these terms, these terms will be submitted only in accordance with the law and interpreted in the netherlands, excluding its rules on conflicts of law.
The vienna convention on the international sale of goods (convention on the international Sale of goods, 1980) will not be applicable. CISG
Any disputes, claims or conflicts or disputes arising in a broad sense services related to these terms or, including those relating to its validity, interpretation or (the ' applicability ', disputes will be submitted in advance to mediation procedures under the mandatory rules on mediation by the international chamber of commerce (icc) rules Mediation.
Where such disputes are not within sixty (60) days after composed submitting a request for amicable resolution of disputes under those rules, the same will be resolved icc Mediation exclusively and according to final under the rules of arbitration of the arbitration international chamber of commerce (" rules "). arbitration cai
Excludes provisions of referee emergency rules icc.
Disputes will be settled by a (1) in accordance with the rules to be appointed arbitrator icc.
Headquartered mediation and arbitration will be amsterdam, netherlands, without prejudice to any rights that you may be in accordance with article 18 of regulation brussels ia (oj eu 2012) and / or article L351/1 6:236n of the civil code.
The language of mediation and / or of arbitration shall be english, unless you don't speak english, in which case the mediation and / or arbitration will take place in english and in his mother tongue.
The existence and content of the mediation process and arbitration, including documents and memories submitted by parties, correspondence from and to the international chamber of commerce, correspondence by the ombudsman, and correspondence, orders and judgments by referee will remain strictly confidential and can not be disclosed to third parties without the express written consent of the other party unless: (i) the disclosure to third parties is reasonably necessary in view of the completion of the mediation process or arbitration; and (ii) the third fully accepts in writing to be bound by the obligation to respect confidentiality there concluded.
7.
Other provisions
Not of copyright infringement.
Alerts for copyright infringement must be sent to the designated agent of uber.
Visit's home page at http: / / uber / legal for address designated and www.uber.com additional information.
Notification.
Uber may send notification by general services, a notice electronic mail to the e-mail address in his account, or by written notification sent to the address as indicated on its account.
You may send notification by written notice at uber uber in Mr.
Treublaan 1097 7 dp amsterdam, netherlands.
General provisions.
She will give or transfer these terms in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of uber.
You pays your consent to so that it can sell or transfer uber these terms in whole or in part, including to: (i) a subsidiary or related; (ii) a buyer of capital, activity or asset base of; or (iii) a successor uber following the merger.
Any reports joint ventures, partnerships, addiction or exists between you, and any agency uber pursuant to this supplier third contract between you and uber or use of services.
If any provision in these terms should be deemed illegal, invalidate or not applicable in whole or in part, within the meaning of any law, this provision or part of it, to the extent due, must form part of considered not present terms, but the law, and their applicability of other provisions of these terms can not be considered ineffective or spoiled.
Then parties will replace the provision or not applicable illegal, invalidate or part of it, with a provision, or part of it, legal, valid and enforceable having as much as possible, an effectiveness similar to that of provision (or part of it) deemed illegal, or not applicable, given the cripple content and the purpose of these terms.
These terms are the entire contract and understanding with regard to its scope and party happen and replace and derogating from all agreements or commitments on the same subject pre-dated by or contemporary.
In these terms, the words " including " and " include " indicate " including but not limited to. "
