Https: / / termsandprivacy.weebly.com / tos-it.html
Published: 13 december 2018
Date: 13 december 2018
Guidance on content
The following types of sites are not allowed on Weebly:
● only for adults: in a context sexual nudity containing displayed or adult genital issues
● content protected by copyright: music, films or games we have rights
● incitement to hatred: content which promote violence or inciting hatred against certain individuals or groups, on the basis of race, religion, ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation.
The examples given above are not intended to be an exhaustive list of individuals or groups which could be the target of incitement to hatred.
● spam / seo: sites whose sole purpose is to obtain a specific ranking on google, " like " on facebook.
● phishing: sites to encourage the consumer to provide your username and password
● illegal content: content might be illegal in the united states or under the laws of other countries
● trade: " fast, " strategies arricchisciti marketing / or other strategies pyramid multilayer questionable
● advertising excessive, for example on the excessive publicity: more than three advertisements per page
● file hosting, for example the sites that have not been created with the editor Weebly
● unpleasant experience: using the sites module " " creating a bad experience html custom user, such as flash banner extreme movements or contained capable of excessive cartoons crisis in visitors unaware
● illegal products / not appropriate: websites offering or sell weapons or articles illegal, counterfeit stolen, fraudulent, in breach of privacy laws / publicity offensive, pornographic or to be used as weapons produced /
This list is only by reference and will not be exhaustive.
For more specific information, please read the following conditions.
1.
Acceptance conditions
We thank you for using Weebly.
These conditions for the use of service (" conditions '), representing a legal agreement between you and Weebly (as defined below) and regulate access and use by your service creation of websites, including our services Weebly hosting of websites, web sites, communication tools, mobile applications, instruments and other services (collectively the e-commerce ' service ') through the website accessible (http: / / weebly.com) and domains associated properties (the " site ") collectively Weebly or made available in other ways to Weebly.
Using service in any way, accepted these conditions, our privacy policy and any other legal notice or guidance on the site. takes
If used our service for an institution, accepted these conditions on behalf of that institution.
These conditions will also apply in the case of use of the service on a trial basis.
Accettiate unless these conditions, please do not use the service.
For purposes of these conditions, the words ", " " we, " " Weebly us " or " our " are used to refer to the holding square with which you are dealing.
The contracting entity will be determined by the country of residence of the user.
" Country of residence ' is associated with your account jurisdiction as defined by the selection or your Weebly from the establishment of by using different residence attributes associated with your date Weebly account Weebly.
● if you are us residents, the contracting entity is square, inc.,
1455 market street, suite 600, san francisco, ca 94103, united states.
● if you are living in canada, the contracting entity is square technologies, inc.
● if you are living in japan, the contracting entity is square kk.
● if you are living in australia, the entity is pty ltd., contracting square au
● if you are resident in the uk, ireland or in any other country except united states, canada, japan and australia, the contracting entity is international ltd Squareup
In addition to restrictions above, if you're not legally able to enter into contracts, for example if you have not reached the age in your country or region, you can't create or use an account or otherwise use the service Weebly.
If you have not reached the age in your country or region, can only create or use an account with the consent of the supervision and Weebly a parent or guardian or, alternatively, through a special account student created by a teacher on, provided that the teacher education.weebly.com has obtained the consensus signed by your parent or guardian.
2.
Description of the service
Our web service allows users who sign an account (each a " account holder ") to create and maintain a website online.
Once registered, each holder of account will receive the its website and will of " contained " (defined in postarvi section 8).
New features of the service, including the publication of new tools and resources, are governed by the present conditions. Weebly
To benefit from the service, you will have access to the internet, either directly or through devices with access to contents of the internet, and pay the cost of internet access.
Also, you will have all the equipment needed to carry out the internet use, including a computer for the web. enabled
Service may include some communications from us as announcements relating to the services, messages administrative and the newsletter of Weebly.
Such communication shall be deemed to be part of subscriptions to Weebly.
Can access the service only through interfaces service that there we provide.
3.
Registration
For registrarvi as holder of account must provide us with an e-mail address valid and other personal information (" registration data ").
Sceglierete during the registration process, a password, and a account name for your websites and you have an id Weebly.
You are expected to maintain confidentiality on account, as well as passwords and all activities through your account.
For use of the service, you are committed to provide and update data registration, accurate, truthful and comprehensive discounted.
If forniate false information, inaccurate or incomplete or if not updated has reason to suspect that such information Weebly are false, inaccurate or incomplete, we can suspend or not updated close your account and deny use, now or in future, of the service or any part.
Besides restrictions on the sale laid down in section 9 below, there shall be prohibited to use or create account by if you're not in your country Weebly.com adult or region or if you have less than 13 years in the united states.
Students are not adult in their country or region or are less than 13 years in the united states may, however, use a special account for students created by Weebly by a teacher through, provided that the teacher has education.weebly.com achieved a consensus parental signed by the parent or guardian.
4.
Privacy policy of Weebly
Our privacy policy (available on: https: / / www.weebly.com / en /), which forms an integral part of privacy these conditions, describes our collection, protection and use of your registration data and other information on your account.
Please read the privacy policy and to use the information therein to make informed decisions.
5.
Security website and account
Are required to ensure the security of your account and website for all the activities or operations carried out by means of this account or in relation to the website.
You committed told us promptly in writing any unauthorised use of the account or any other breach of security.
We responsible for any loss or damage resulting from failure to comply with your of this safety requirement.
Take concur that act and and its subsidiaries, Weebly subsidiaries, its officials, directors or employees will not under any circumstances and in no way responsible for your acts or omissions or those of third parties, including the damages of any kind arising from such acts or omissions.
6.
Property rights
The site and the service are owned by Weebly.
Site and the service use and show content, features and capabilities, including, for example, proprietary software, inventions, copyrights, trademarks, trade marks, pictures, logos service slogans and property of Weebly or tagline, who are protected third unaffiliated by american laws and international standards of copyright, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and / or by other laws on intellectual property or property rights.
Anywhere site or service can be copied, reproduced, or otherwise displayed, transmitted used for any purpose without the prior written consent of the respective intellectual property owner or Weebly, or unless otherwise specified in this document.
Reserve all rights not specifically granted in these conditions.
Service all the software used in relation to the owner and confidential service, materials (as defined below), the content of adverts sponsor or information through the service or by advertisers and introduce yourselves all the other materials and services provided by or through Weebly laws on are protected by copyright, trademarks, trade secrets and other elements of intellectual property.
You are the only responsible for ensuring that the use of such materials, including the " photo " or the " free " professional photo made available through the service, takes place only in accordance with all the relevant laws and any terms or conditions applicable to these materials.
Weebly under no circumstances will be answerable to your or third parties for the use of materials in breach of the law or of any terms or conditions applicable to these materials.
" Materials ' means all software, texts, documentation software, design, the visual characteristics and interaction, photographs, graphics, sound and video elements, messages, the instant messaging, the model and interactive and functions, files, documents, pictures or other material posted and any publicly or privately transmitted their derivative works, made available to or through the service or. Weebly
Are authorised to use materials exclusively where necessary for access and use of the service in accordance with these conditions and, in the case of material owned by others available from or through or service at any time limit Weebly or condition third-party applicable to these materials.
Such authorisation shall not you can store, copy, modify, play, reprint loading operations, posting, translating, leasing, hire, scraping grant to loan, sell, supply, transfer, transmitting, display,, operations reverse engineering, decompilare disassembling, (or otherwise to decipher programming code or code discover any source used in or with materials), or hand out in any way the materials differently from the way expressly permitted in these conditions.
There may be from selling, transferring, grant in, or try to grant a guarantee sublicenza transfer otherwise any law contained in the service or in materials, create derivative works based on service or materials or exploit commercially in any way the service or materials, fully or partially, except as expressly permitted in these conditions.
Is expressly prohibited any use of the service or the materials for purposes other than those expressly permitted in these conditions and in any conditions of service relevant third parties.
Reserve all rights not specifically granted in these conditions.
All trademarks, trademarks, logos, slogans and tagline (service " brand " or " individually and collectively marks ") are owned by Weebly or their owners.
Unless provided otherwise, and specifically in these conditions, there is granted licence or any right to use any brand without the express written authorisation of Weebly or the respective third trademark owner.
" Photo "-buying and / or professional using the " photo " available through the service there, professional undertaken to: (i) the use of these " professional photos " only on your website, exclusively for display in form Weebly digital; (ii) not to sell, to sell, distribute, view, reuse, reproduce or make any use of these " photo "; (iii) where a professional " photo professional " an individual and away is used in connection with a sensitive topic, critical or controversial, include a statement that the image is used only for illustrative purposes and the individual portrait is a model; and (iv) not activate the function " " for the " right click, " keep metadata professional photos of " photo " operations and not professional reverse engineering, or disassembling the site to enable the decompilare download or the use of " photo professional " independently.
Also there is allowed to use the " photo ": (i) professional independently without other content; (ii) for pornographic purposes, or other illicit purposes; (iii diffamatori) to create or create printed products; (iv) in products for retail physical or digital electronic cards as calendar, or screen savers; (v) for poster suggest or imply the presence of approvals, or by or sponsorship affiliations against any person contained in " photo "; (vi) professional in order to enable the sharing of the image file; or (vii) in logos, trade marks, labels or other service marks or identifiers.
7.
Your right on your content
Weebly not calls for the property of your content (as defined below) but there authorizing worldwide receive such content on duty and carry out all necessary actions to host your content on service (e.g. create copies, and distribute your content). riformattare
In other words, to give our company and its subsidiaries, its affiliates and its successors, a right world non-exclusive, free of charge, fully paid transferable irrevocable, and to use, play, ever sublicenziabile amend, adapt, publish, distribute and create derivative works represent and produce publicly your contained in the whole world and by any means.
Receive confidential information or owners do not want you through the service or by e-mail.
Unless agreed otherwise in writing by an authorised representative of the material, information or Weebly ideas that we transmit with any instrument will be disseminated or used by us or our affiliates without any salary or responsibility upon you for any purpose, including, for example, the development, production and marketing of products.
This rule, however, does not apply to content or to the personal information covered by our privacy policy.
8.
Rules and obligations on content and conduct
All information, data, text, software, music, sounds, photographs, video, graphics, messages, goods, products, services or other material on a web site using the service postate (" contained ") are in sole ownership of the person they come from that content.
Are responsible for all content uploaded,, or make available in other postate transmit way through the service.
Monitor not content that through the service. postate
Your content does not include of the transaction data or data behavioural buyer / seller relationship unidentifiable as personal, arising from the use of the platform of (collectively, " data ecommerce Weebly platform ").
Weebly holds all data platform and uses them for transactions, the improvements and analyses of the service.
Your responsibility is also take up the creation of backup copies of your content.
Using service, you can expose yourself to offensive content, or not appropriate indecent.
In any case we will be responsible of your content or content of third parties, including, for example, any error or omission in your content or any loss or damage of any kind arising from the use of any content posted, sent or made available in another way by the service.
Take act which do we not apply a prior check of the contents, but that we will have the right (without being obliged to refuse), move or delete any content available through the service.
Will also be entitled to remove any content that violates these conditions or that, at our absolute discretion, we still do not appropriate.
Are required to assess and to load all risks related to the use of any content.
You can't rely on any content which we created.
Take act and that we can keep the content and also concur if required by law or where we think divulgarli in good faith that this is reasonably required for preservation or disclosure: (a) comply with legal procedure; (b) apply these conditions; (c) to claims that a content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) guaranteeing our rights, our property or our security staff and those of our users and the public.
Technical processing and transmission of service, including the content, may lead to (a) transmission on various networks; and (b) amendments to abide by and adjust to the technical requirements for the connection of networks or devices.
There may be:
A. load, posting, transmit or make available in any other way any content that:
I. organism is unlawful, abusive,, ambiguous, intimidating molesto, vulgar, obscene, derogatory, privacy of others (a slur offensive including, without the exclusion, any address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other information contact without the written consent of the holder of such information), or not appropriate from the point of appalling view racial, ethnic or otherwise;
Ii.
You have no right to forward under any legal or contractual relationship or trust (as information internal and confidential or proprietary information learned divulged in labour relations or under confidentiality agreements);
Iii.
Violates any patent trademark, trade secrets, copyright law privacy or advertising or other property rights of any subject (e.g.
Music, films, images, or games over which we have been given e-book rights).
Iv.
E-mail trade is not required or a " spam "; this includes marketing and advertising incorrect or any other practice which is in any way related to " spam, " as (i) e-mail mass to recipients that there requested e-mail or with an address address false, (ii) promote a website with links, securities or descriptions or inadequate, (iii) promote your site posting comments on more identical public forums;
V. contains virus software, worm, trojan horses or any other computer code, file or programme, stop or restrict the functionality of the service, destroy the software or hardware computer or telecommunications equipment, or which may affect the ability of any user to access the service; Weebly
There.
Is designed to benefit from a user, for example with marketing strategy / " quickly pyramidal multilayer, " sailing earns arricchisciti " or other strategies questionable; or
Vii.
Is only adults with nature, like any nudity in a context or sexual content with themes for adult or reveals exposed; genital
B. to harm minors in any way;
C. achieve acts " " or stalking or by other means; other bullying upset
D. you pass for any person or entity, including, for example, an employee, a forum leaders, a guide Weebly or a guest, or declare or otherwise falsely declare wrongly your affiliation with a person or entity;
E. counterfeit or otherwise manipulate headers identification in order to conceal the origin of any content transmitted by the service;
F. interfere with, or upset, the service or the servers or networks related to service or any contravene requirement, procedure, political or regulation related to service networks;
G. infringe intentionally or unintentionally laws or regulations local, state, federal or foreign; you are expected to comply with all applicable laws on transmission of technical data supplied by the usa or your country of residence.
If used the site, the service or materials outside the united states of america, you'll be exclusively responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including, for example, the rules of conduct online data confidentiality, and acceptable rules for exports and imports from other countries,
H. promote or provide information on educational illegal activities, promote physical injury or damage to any group or entity, or promote any act of animal cruelty; this may include, for example, the provision of instructions on how to make bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;
I. use the service as a service of dispatch to another website or manipulate fraudulently ranking google or another search engine or the " like " facebook or another social network or website and mechanisms vote similar;
J. require password or identification information staff third for illicit purposes or phishing;
K. beyond the scope of the service signed (e.g.
Accessing it and using instruments that you have no right to use or deleting, adding or editing otherwise comments or content of other users);
L. enter more than three advertisements for page or any advertising which reduces considerably the site usability;
M. load file for the sole purpose of them from us and for use host outside a website created using the service (i.e. created with the editor); Weebly
N. to create a website that allows the user is living experience unpleasant with individualised programmes.
Examples of this are, but not limited to, flash banner extreme movements or contained capable of excessive cartoons crisis in visitors unaware.
O. use in all circumstances open-source software under the gnu affero general public license v.3 or higher; licence
P. abuse of our services of email, chat rooms and telephone or agents of customer care; kicking around
Q. take any other action during the use of the service that is harmful to the service or the reputation of, as determined by its Weebly Weebly sole discretion.
We reserve the right to delete any accounts or user who has breached one of these prohibitions.
9.
Sales by Weebly
Some of our services and materials may offer the opportunity to buy or sell goods and services by sites hosted or designed by (goods and services Weebly hereinafter referred to as " commercial products.
Are giving this platform so that buyers and sellers of only perform transactions relating to the commercial products.
Weebly, you will need to carry out sales by a minimum age of 18 years or at least be in your country of residence. adult
Must also provide your name, address, the current comprehensive legal an e-mail address valid and any other information which we requested.
If dispute over property account, we reserve the right to request documents to verify or confirm the ownership of the account.
Such documents could include, for example, a copy of your license vocational scannerizzata identity card with photo issued by the governmental authorities, the last four digits credit card recorded.
If an acquirer will make commercial products, payments will be processed by our provider of payment services.
When include data of their payments, purchasers of commercial products will receive a view that the conditions of use of the service directs them and politics privacy third providers of payment services.
Such payment services are governed solely by the conditions of use of the service and the privacy policy providers of payment services.
Decliniamo all responsibility for the actions of these third services providers.
In addition to the other rules and other requirements described in these conditions, you are expected to follow the rules listed below at the time of supply, sale or purchase of commercial products.
Is prohibited or sell products commercial offer:
● are illegal or potentially illegal, including counterfeit, stolen or fraudulent.
Commercial products sold by services shall comply with all applicable laws, including the commercial products sold to subjects outside the usa;
● violate or can potentially violating the intellectual property rights or rights to privacy of other entities, or may be, or otherwise; calunniosi denigratori diffamatori
● that our discretion, are inappropriate, offensive, pornographic, sexually explicit or violent; or
● are manufactured, or to be used principally as weapons, including firearms, devices subject to restrictions or ammunition.
We reserve the right to establish at our absolute discretion commercial products constitute " " for the purposes of these conditions; weapons or
● use images or names third (including personality or) to provide or to sell products celebrity trade without their prior authorisation;
10.
Tariffs / payment
With Weebly can sign a contract for 1 month, six months, twelve (12) months or twenty four (24 months.
Some functionalities service require the payment of fees per service described on the fares '). "
If sottoscrivete this functionality, you have to pay all the applicable tariffs.
We reserve the right to modify at any time our prices and / or group parts service for charging.
We authorised to carry out the necessary investigations to validate your reasonable account and your financial information.
All fees are in us dollars (usd) and after taxes, contributions, duties and charges of any kind, including government like, for example, the value added tax, sales and use and withholding tax in force in any jurisdiction (collectively the). ' taxes '
Your responsibility is to determine the taxes applicable to payments made or receive.
Also, it is your responsibility, report and their estimate, collect taxes appropriate to the relevant authority.
If purchased a service in respect of the offer payment of the fee, accepted that our third service providers or Weebly keep data of your payment card and we allowed to (a) any fee for the addebitarvi services purchased and (b) any any tax applicable linked to your use of services on the payment card provided, and we all the costs of collection of any rimborserete overdue amounts, including interest due on them.
If the payment card provided expires and not specified data of the new payment card or erased your account, we allowed to continue and will continue to be responsible for any fatturarvi tariffs was not.
After shelf-life contractual, your contract will be automatically renewed for a further period of validity equal to previous until the contract, with the explicit withdrawal by your debit to your through your load method of payment preferential.
Deactivate can at any time the function of automatic renewal of your contract in force.
Can send at any time request of cancellation visiting http: / / / / en or by contacting the Hc.weebly.com hc centre our assistance.
11.
Cancellation; changes service
If cancelliate service, erasure has immediate effect.
After deletion, you will have access to your website and we can delete all the data present on your website.
Decliniamo any responsibility for the information or the deleted contents.
Until will continue to give the service, we will try to update it, improve it and expand it.
Therefore there to access the service in the conditions or similar which exists and is available at any time, and you other obligations unless those indicated in these conditions specifically.
Can change (e.g.
Storing data or the capacity limits), replace, denying entry, suspend or cancel the service, wholly or partly, or change and amend the prices of all or part of the services to our absolute discretion.
Unless otherwise indicated, all these changes are effective since their publication on our website or direct communication to you behind.
Also reserve the right to suspend, remove and / or delete any content available under your account, with or without notice, if we find in our sole discretion, in contrast to these conditions.
To dispel any doubts, we have no obligation to store, maintain or give you a copy of any contents that you or other provided during the use of the service.
Also reserve the right to restrict or cease assistance via telephone or chat, where use care services customers or excessively otherwise our ability to provide assistance compromettiate to other clients (as determined at our sole discretion).
12.
Repayment guarantee
Weebly pay all accounts, except those monthly, provide for a repayment guarantee of 30 days.
Unless service are satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full reimbursement if your account within 30 days after cancellerete activation or within 30 days of renewal of your contract.
Please submit refund applications to https: / / / / en indicating the subject hc.weebly.com hc refund request " (request for reimbursement).
Contractual during the period of validity, you can achieve at any time that upgrades or of your service with downgrade Weebly.
If service, on your account downgrade will be issued a credit to the proportional Weebly cost difference between these two services and for the remainder of your shelf life original contract.
This credit will be used for the months of service with future and there will be repaid in cash Weebly.
The downgrade of your account will result in the loss of content, function or capacity of your account.
Decliniamo all responsibility for these losses.
13.
Services, software and websites third; no silence
Weebly shall not be liable or liable to any loss or damage resulting from your use of services, products, software, content or websites of third parties, including, for example, content, design, as texts, documents, pictures, photographs, video clip, graphics, audio file audiovisual messages, and instant messaging, post, functions, interactive file or other materials (collectively, " materials ") and third, you have been advised to material or related third through the site or service or not.
Weebly endorses nor assume any responsibility for not materials of third parties and it provides no guarantees on reliability, accuracy, nature, origin, quality or use of such materials of third parties.
You are the only responsible for ensuring that the use of any material from third parties, including those made available to or through the site or service, takes place only in accordance with all the relevant laws and the terms and conditions of any permit or other arrangement applicable.
Weebly under no circumstances will be answerable to your or third parties for the use or the alleged use of materials of third parties.
Also material third parties such as services, e-commerce and payment, including e-mail, for example, the options payment, paypal, square and Stripe, Authorize.net may be subject to the conditions of use of the service and policies on privacy applicable, and you are the only people responsible third reading, acceptance and compliance with those conditions prior to use any material from third parties.
The use of any material from third parties is at your discretion and at your peril.
Accettiate unless the conditions of use of the service or the licence agreement of third parties, you never use materials or download third parties.
Using material obtained by the third service there moved any rights, ownership or participation in or on material from third parties unless those defined in the terms of use of the service or the licence of the third provider.
Site any reference to material from third parties is not an approval or validation on our part to this material from third parties.
Third computers payments: payments that uses computers Weebly cooperate with us in drawing up your data secure payment personally identifiable.
Your use of personal data by these computers is governed by the third, which may contain their privacy policies or less protection of privacy with the same degree of protection of the privacy policy of Weebly.
Currently payments are developed and maintained by the supplier third shown below.
You showing what computers payments for the preparation of your payments. use
' Authorize.net-privacy policy
Paypal.-privacy policy
' Square-privacy policy
' Stripe-privacy policy
' Apple pay-privacy policy
' Android pay-privacy policy
Apple pay and pay are automatically activated for users android who have selected as its processing system of payments Stripe.
If you do not accept apple pay and pay as methods of payment is android your responsibility and / or apple pay off android pay.
Payment changing these options you can delete the page settings for the store. checkout
Use apple pay and pay from you is the android acceptance of guidelines for use acceptable apple and / or the terms of service pay google / android (api) pay.
14.
Issues
If you wish, you can add themes website (" custom ") to be serving themes used by other users.
Give concur with this and to grant us a right and a licence exclusive, in world, perpetual concedibili irrevocable without sublicenza royalties from use, copy, modify and create derivative works of any custom theme from you proposed under the service, including the html code and their multimedia resources.
15.
Conditions of use of the platform designer
If to design a website (" website customer ') to our service platform use designer on behalf of others (your client), your use of the service will be subject to these additional conditions.
A. your relationship with the customer is strictly between you and the latter.
We won't be part of any contract between you and your client.
Rules tools and you requested to perform your services are at your absolute discretion and under your control exclusive; however, to carry out these services in a timely manner concur and professional, in line with the practice of sector and in accordance with these conditions.
B. assumete there full responsibility for all the websites customers with your account and created the compliance of each website client with these conditions.
C. whilst we will enable you to sell the service with a private label, this is in no way guaranteed private label and we will not be in any way liable in the event of inability to maintain this private label.
D. if your client contact us, the showing of contact.
Unless your client and if we receive assistance to lend a request from these indicating that you have been giving assistance we reserve the right to treat him assistance directly.
E. payments of your use of the service platform designers are calculated for website.
Each website created by your client accounts and entered on a client costs domain online service monthly.
Such service charges are billed on credit card from you as your account Weebly.
F. expenditure service are charged for the service of the month following each month based on the expenses total service of all the websites customers.
If client released a new website, on your invoice half month of the following month you insert a proportionate amount.
G. repayments will not be provided for any remaining cycle billing ongoing days.
H. take place and that, as holders of accounts concur, are responsible for the last payment of each customer website created by your account.
If at any time are not fulfilled the invoicing obligations of any website customer can website customer to deactivate fulfilment of these obligations.
16.
Resale service
Without our express written authorisation, which may be in the form of written agreement (such as the agreement with separate Weebly), there may be cloud Weebly play, duplicate, copy, sell or resell use any part of the service.
Weebly is often used by designer to design websites for third parties.
Such use is expressly allowed by the conditions of that platform designer.
If concepiate websites on behalf of others with any other version of different from the platform, each designer Weebly of these sites must have your account controlled by those third parties, and you can not combine multiple sites within a customer account of your property.
17.
Registration of domain names, cancellation of domain names and change is
Services registration of domain names (services ' domain ") shall also apply to the following fornitivi Weebly general conditions (the " conditions for domains.
Use services domain provided by those conditions is as consensus Weebly
Some bundles of services include the registration by a Weebly domain name or renewal of the internet domain name your existing (the " domain name ") on your behalf.
In order to supply and / or maintaining domains, only as the agent will Weebly between you and the provider of services of domain names responsible for the allocation of domain name (" "), which will be is Register.com.
All new recordings and their subsequent reviews will be subject to the general conditions on: http: / / Register.com www.register.com / policy / servicesagreement.rcmx.
Weebly reserves the right to use at any time another service providers of domain names, in which case the general conditions of this institution will operate in a complementary manner to these conditions and that other services providers of domain names will be considered the " Registrar " for the purposes of these conditions.
Weebly can make a (1) domain name charge for a year, with a new purchase of a plan for annual subscription or half-yearly.
Domination will be inserted for the duration of your account, will be recorded on your behalf and Weebly, if it can keep it, provided that, you'd like to support all the registration charges domain applicable after the first year.
The domain name charge applies only to certain areas of higher level (e.g. com,.net and.org) at the time of signing a new plan for subscription.
On registration of domain name, you will be required to submit incorrect and comprehensive regarding the holder of the domain name (" ") and the contact person. administrative registrar
The contact person is in any case, technical Weebly inc.
Before a request for a domain name, will be your responsibility to verify that the domain name does not violate the rights of third parties or contrary to laws, rules or regulations in force.
Can postpone the activation of a domain name until receipt of expenditure agreed for services of registration.
Weebly can not influence the allocation of domain name by the Registrar.
We can not and ensure that there are allocated domain names required and / or that the domain names assigned have no rights of third parties and their continued existence even.
All information which is provided in relation to the availability of a domain name is based on data provided by third parties and refer only at the time of the request of,.
Rule will not be considered allocated prior to its registration on your behalf-- and of its inclusion in the registrar database of Registrar.
The duration of the initial registration of domains may vary and registration will be purchased automatically renewed for consecutive periods of 12 months.
The automatic renewal will be 45 calendar days (45) turnover before the end of your domain (although that date differs from your date of renewal subscription to the website). Weebly
Naturally you can cancel at any time the automatic renewal the function of automatic renewal in settings deactivating before the entry into force of automatic renewal.
Each domain name purchased is recorded on your behalf and, where provided you to pay, you can keep it desideriate expenditure applicable.
If purchased a new or renewed a domain existing and deleted domain your purchase within the first thirty (30) days contacting https: / / / / en can receive a hc.weebly.com hc full reimbursement.
Your right and your ownership on your domain name will allow you to transfer a domain to another provider domains purchased; however, for you will have no right to a transferred domains expenses paid to Weebly. registration
Registrar irrespective of the identity, or any other information in your records of domain names, all the domain names registered by using your account Weebly are Weebly covered by these conditions.
Maintaining billing accurate and up-to-date data is a prerequisite for maintaining an account Weebly.
This data shall cover the full name and royal registrar, an email address (the mailboxes or physical addresses are not permitted), an anonymous e-mail address good and a phone number.
Vary where such information must without delay with a us update online.
Please note that if your billing data, including data of your current credit card, are out of date, not your services domain, which we will therefore will lapse.
Subject to these conditions and those of Registrar, you can transfer all domain names by us to another service providers of domain names according to the instructions provided by online Weebly.
Where infringement of the marketing of the new service provider account or domain names, will not be able to transfer the domain to new service providers of domain names, we're allowed expressly to remove the domain name removed from service providers of domain names at the end of the write-off date, without any responsibility and any third party for your such removal.
We reserve the right to authorise transfers domain only if you have any claims with welded incontestate us.
We will not manage to recover a domain name after its expiry.
Weebly may at their absolute discretion, determining when a domain name may be renewed after the deadline and expenditure to be applied.
If domain name expires for the non-payment, will have the right to its own exclusive Weebly discretion, of: (a) record and use the domain name for the purposes it considers most appropriate; (b) selling or transferring the domain name to third parties; or (c) delete the domain name and allow any new registrar in anywhere in the world to re-record the domain name.
Weebly also accepted that will recover any amount not paid on your account on credit card registered at addebitandolo Weebly.
At times, the records of domain names may be subject to legal disputes.
If Weebly is involved in any legal action because of one of your domain names registered accepted to pay at all costs and legal expenses Weebly incurred and and keep free from any claim manlevare Weebly of third parties.
If Weebly to legal action shall be notified before the judicial or administrative authority on your domain name, may at its discretion Weebly: (a) block or hold the possibility to use changes, or shift registration; and / or (b) check your records with the competent judicial authority, providing an extract from the register.
Should you lose the right to inform us immediately if a domain name registered by on behalf of its users. Weebly
18.
Email marketing service
Services e-mail marketing supplied directly from its users (" Weebly marketing service "), email shall apply the following terms and conditions.
Use email marketing service is as consent to these conditions.
Weebly may suspend or discontinue access and use of email, if these marketing service conditions are not met.
The use of email marketing service must comply with all the national and international laws applicable.
This includes laws applicable to you and also the laws applicable to and to all recipients to whom Weebly it intends to send email (all referred to as " consignee ').
Examples applicable laws are the laws on or unsolicited commercial e-mail spam (" spam " or " "), security, privacy eua obscenity, intellectual property, defamation, pornography, terrorism, national security, gambling, protection of children and other applicable law.
Know it is your responsibility and understand the laws applicable to the use of email and the e-mail marketing service generated and sent via email marketing service.
The use of email marketing service must also respect the privacy policy applicable to email marketing service.
The privacy policy of Weebly is available here.
Are the only entities in charge of goods and services and all other promotions and content or referred to present to you sent through the mail in e-mail marketing service.
Accepted using email marketing service legally, safe and professional, in line with best practice in the sector, which require, inter alia, to maintain accurate records.
You're the only responsible for any statement and any assistance for consumers and for the guarantee and support of your products and services.
Use email marketing service must follow all the guidelines for established by Weebly.
Guidelines below are examples of practices which could violate these conditions during the generation or sending e-mail messages or through the mail marketing service:
There may be:
A. use email marketing service in breach of the conditions of use of law applicable to you or any Weebly or to your recipients;
B. use email marketing service for sending spam.
Is necessary to ensure that all of them have expressly authorised the receipt of e-mail on your part, providing positively the c.d. to receive e-mail. these opting-in
All e-mail messages sent through the mail and marketing service must comply with our policy, as follows: for
The Weebly. has no tolerance compared with spam and does not intend to maintain business with any user or company carries out activities spam / eua.
We don't sell or exchange personal information included in our lists opt-in.
Ii.
E-mail called spam if, for example: (a) the personal identity of consignee and the context are irrelevant, because this message is equally applicable to many other potential recipients; (b) the recipient has not granted verifiably, deliberate, explicit and always permission to send the message; revocable and (c) the transmission and reception of the message grants sender disproportionate advantage.
Iii.
Spam is a problem of consensus, not content.
A recipient should provide their opt-in positively ', i.e. to expressly consent to the reception of the message, providing a response to a request clear and prominent or requiring opt-in on its own initiative.
Iv.
Can-spam act the u.s. lays down requirements for rule and marketing communications, gives to recipients the right to request to stop receiving e-mail and lays down penalties for any infringement.
Other regulations and international laws apply to marketing, and electronic although we are not able to provide legal advice, we invite you to analyse these laws, especially if you live outside of the united states or sent to communications outside of that country.
V. if you reports of spam, if in conformity, or if problems incorrete Weebly identifies a contact list potentially problematic, first of all make applications to try to understand your business as well as your goals of marketing.
Consider a contact list is not based on consensus or is too old or problematic, is removed from your requesting account.
In some cases, we will ask to find another service provider, because our targets are simply not compatible.
There.
Please refer to our questions for further assistance centre located in frequent tips on how to write in a responsible manner and to see e-mail instruments additional uses to protect by sending e-mail Weebly unwanted or unsolicited.
Vii.
Weebly send e-mail if you think a user unwanted the email abuse can segnalarcelo @ weebly.com.
C. use email marketing service for requesting, collect or send non-public information or personal on another user or any other person without the prior written consent (or the consent of the parent in case of a minor), illicit information or any other information that we do not have the right to require, collect or distributed;
D. use email marketing service for e-mail containing pornography, or provide links to other sexually explicit content, illegal goods and services, or any other content that considers inadequate in its sole discretion; Weebly
E. broadcast messages, information, data, text, software or pictures or other items that are not owned or legally licensed, or which are illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive,,,, and vanity diffamatori obscene or otherwise questionable or which violate calunniosi the right to privacy or advertising of third parties;
F. send through email marketing service, promotion and advertising or commercial practices unethical initiatives, false or misleading;
G. publish or transmitting materials that contain viruses or corrupt data;
H. use purchased or leased by e-mail lists other;
I. use e-mail addresses, domain names or mail server third-party without proper authorisation;
J. e-mail addresses to non-specific (for example, webmaster @ or info @ domain.com) or distribution domain.com list, newsgroup publicly available by the press or other media addresses or e-mail addresses purchased;
K. e-mail that will result in an unacceptable number of complaints about or eua (although the e-mail spam does not were actually spam or eua);
L. off or fail to go into each link " cancellation ' means an e-mail that allows the recipient to be removed from the mailing list.
Each such link should remain in function for at least 60 days after the date of sending message, and accepted not throw, or attempt to remove deactivate or off the link;
M. deactivate or fail to comply with any request by a person to be removed from your mailing list within seven calendar days of receipt of the request.
Can not impose a tax, require the consignee of any information beyond the personal identification give e-mail address, ensure that the recipient carries out or any operation other than send an email response or the visit one page of a web site as a condition for honoring a request for cancellation.
As required under the u.s. act and other applicable laws, Can-spam you recognize to be responsible for keeping and to honour the list of requests for cancellation following the closure of your account for any reason Weebly;
No mask origin or the subject of any e-mail or falsification or manipulate e-mail original field object, headers or information on the path of transmission in relation to any e-mail.
Per or e-mail message from you using email marketing service, (a) the " from " field must identify accurately and in a manner not misleading your identity or the identity of your organization; and (b) field " subject " of your e-mail should cover the actual content of the e-mail and shall not include any content misleading or in connection with the subject of misleading general e-mail.
Accepted to be the only or any e-mail sent through the designated sender email, under any marketing service law or regulatory act applicable to your use of email marketing service (including but not limited to u.s. act of 2003, the law Can-spam anti-spam of canada, with c. 23 and the 2010, s.c. directive 2003/58 / ec of the european parliament and of the council of 12 july 2002), and as such you are obliged to comply with these laws and any other law applied in other jurisdictions as regards the use of email from you, and you will be responsible for marketing service any violation of any of the applicable law.
O. omit to include in all your e-mail address physical (that, if we is valid in the united states may consist of a post office box valid capable of complying with the requirements registration provided for in the united states postal service) or a link to this information.
For recipients in the eu, e-mail should also include the number of each company registration of sender and vat number or a link to that information;
P. included in any " junk mail ', ' e-mail 139, " " schemes, " incentives (e.g. pyramidal coupon, discounts, premiums or other incentives) or any other material which will encourage a person to submit the to another e-mail consignee; or
Q. violate the regulations on the export and import set for the united states and other countries.
Businesses allow abuse on a level higher than normal spam.
Therefore email marketing service can not be used on behalf of a few companies and sending.
This includes, but is not limited to:
The drugs.
Ii.
Work from home, earning money online " schemes easy and opportunities for lead enrichment generation;
Iii.
Trading online advice on trading daily securities or content relating to the stock market.
Iv.
Content for borrowing and lending activities;
V. food supplements, herbal and vitamins;
There.
Services products or suggestions relating to gambling.
Vii.
Multi-level marketing;
Viii.
Marketing membership or any kind of performance marketing, " in which an undertaking or otherwise rewards encourages one or more members for each visitor or customer thanks to the efforts of the franchisee itself; gained
Ix.
Repairs credit and opportunities of the outstanding debt; and
X. counterfeit products or appear to be another imitation that mark.
It is your responsibility to ensure that the content included in your e-mail these guidelines do not infringe.
Although has no obligation to do so, may monitor your account for Weebly ensuring compliance with these conditions and functioning respecting industrial standards.
Our sole discretion, we reserve the right to block the e-mail, remove the contents or prohibit the use of email marketing service where they may be in contravention of the above or conditions, including terms of Sendgrid).
Recognize and accept that we and any third party which promotes, charge, public or applicable distributes your e-mail and content also has the right to monitor, refuse, vary, riformattare block or remove any of your e-mail and content and suspend or interrupt the email in whole or in part, marketing service, permanently or for a certain period.
In any case, this will make us responsible for you on the compliance with any of those laws or obligations, in relation to which you are the only responsible.
Whether you are aware of or suspected any breach of these conditions, please do this in here. Weebly
Weebly will respect these conditions at their sole discretion and reserves the right to adopt, without notice, all measures of any kind (legal, technical or other) or prevent eua and / or any other e-mail message or initiative or use in, or remain within our network.
Can stop marketing service and close your email account at any time and for whatever reason Weebly.
If your account will be closed, parliament definitively together with all the data on it.
Email marketing service in order to provide currently use api (); therefore, Sendgrid www.sendgrid.com use by your email marketing service shall also be subject to terms and policies, as now effective and / or Sendgrid as effective in the future (" terms of "), including, without limitation Sendgrid, conditions of use and the policy on privacy Sendgrid.
Sendgrid deadlines are added to these conditions, and you must respect both as applicable to email marketing service.
Weebly shall not be obliged to any changes to the terms of Sendgrid notificarvi.
Can stop any service, including third, at our sole discretion Sendgrid at any time without notice and without any responsibility towards your or third parties.
Such a resolution or any action by a service of a third may affect our ability to provide some or all of the characteristics of the email, and we are not marketing service answerable to your or third for none of these actions.
Collect all the information we in relation to your use of email fornirete marketing service, such as lists of contact (including e-mail addresses and any other information contained in these lists) and the content in or used by your email marketing service, for or in any other way.
Recognise your property rights in relation to those lists contacts (information " customer) and the content.
License information will not sell or customer without your explicit consent prior information and we do not use client for purposes other than those reported in our privacy policy and in these conditions.
Sendgrid can also use the information of the customer and other information that you provide as part of the mail marketing service, in accordance with the terms of Sendgrid.
You give a licence and not exclusive, world free access, with the right to use, play, publish, sublicenza, distribute, carrying out and see the information of the client, just as we have advocated in order to provide and manage the email marketing service.
You're the only responsible for the accuracy, the quality, integrity, the lawfulness, reliability and adequacy of all information of the customer.
Are responsible for maintaining the security and continuity of all information customer in accordance with applicable law and contractual obligations, including the present conditions.
Declared and guaranteed to be rightholders material of your e-mail and information in the client to us necessary in order to use information customer in accordance with these conditions.
If use of email marketing service, admit that any e-mail message and contents can not be construed as confidential; therefore give or guaranteed that the owner of such content or the holder of the intellectual property right has granted us (or transferred to with your intermediation) a licence sublicenza irrevocable, royalty-free non-exclusive,,, and world with transferable perpetual right to use, create, play sublicenziare derivative works, change, publish, distribute, edit, translate and produce represent this content or intellectual property rights in any way or through any means known or invention, including the future means our activities related to marketing and promotion.
In limits of the law, we can play and store copies of information where necessary to provide the email client and marketing service activities, as well as for any other purpose back-up internal legal or administrative.
In any case, we will not be obliged to keep copies of the information of the client, email and messages, or other data content.
Are responsible for the back-up information client.
We do not ensure that the contents and the material available on our website and / or email marketing service are appropriate for use in places outside the united states of america.
If access to email marketing service other locations, users access to their own risk and are therefore expected to compliance with the local requirements.
We reserve the right, in any time and to limit the availability, our sole discretion, the amount and access to email marketing service to any person, geographical area or jurisdiction.
19.
Allowances
Recognize manlevare, defend and keep free of its subsidiaries, associates and Weebly its officials, agents, directors, licenzianti, partners, employees, trade mark cotitolari successors and collectively the parts covered " (" who were transferees) from any responsibility, loss, damages, expense, cost claim or request (including without limit the reasonable legal costs incurred) or presented against the parts covered by third parties in relation to any claim arising from or related to: (a) your use (or use by any person who uses your account) service, site or materials, (b) your content, (c) any commercial product which you offered on or through the website or using our services, or (d) the use of services domain.
This includes without limit any breach of these conditions from you or any individual using your account.
Are required to cooperate, at your expense, as requested by the parties guaranteed.
Guaranteed each party may, at his discretion, take the defence and the control of any dispute covered by this guarantee.
You are not allowed to resolve any dispute involving the guaranteed part without the consent of the same party guaranteed.
20.
Exclusion of guarantees
A. using the service is your only chance.
The service is supplied " as " and " come available. "
We exclude any guarantee of any kind, explicitly express or implied, including, without any restrictions, guarantees, for a particular use and suitability merchantability not violation.
B. we are not responsible for any damage or loss of data, information of the customer or supplier, income, data or any other damage to the performance of the activities resulting from delays, incorrect or failure to deliver information, restriction or loss of the right of access, bug or other system error, unauthorised use due to sharing user of the credentials of access to the service, or any other interaction with the service.
Are responsible for maintaining and rescue of the data and information that can be part of the service.
WEEBLY does not guarantee that (i) the service meets your specific needs, (ii) the service is without interruption, timely, safe and free of errors, (iii) the results obtained by the use of service are accurate or dependable, (iv) the quality of any product, service, information or other material purchased or received from the service meets your needs, and (v) any error in this service is resolved.
C. any material supplied by service is downloaded or otherwise made sole discretion and at your peril; it follows that you're the only responsible for any damage to the computer system or for any loss of data resulting from download of such material.
D. any data, information, content or material included or made available during the provision of the service is not intended as a substitute for knowledge, competence, skills and analysis of a fiscal nature, legal or other professionals.
Service provides no analysis of a fiscal nature or legal.
Are required to obtain such advice and encourage you to do so before and during the use of our service.
E. these conditions apply only to the service.
As part of the services provided to other users, websites on certain WEEBLY OSPITIAMO third parties (" sites '). third
Sites third include content generated by third parties and are not under the management and control of WEEBLY.
WEEBLY should not be responsible for the sites, including third, without limit the accuracy, enough, fairness, reliability, timeliness, completeness, to link or accuracy contained therein, any modification or update, or to any product or service referred sold.
Your access or use of the site of third parties shall be subject to terms and conditions relating to these sites.
Activity hosting of any site third by WEEBLY does not imply any approval by, or the provider of such content WEEBLY or services, the site of third parties.
F. WEEBLY nor any supplier third, partner or or subsidiary shall ensure that the site, servers, materials or service, or any e-mail sent by the site or any supplier third partner or subsidiary are free from virus or other harmful components.
G. WEEBLY and its LICENZIANTI provide no guarantee regarding the adequacy of the services, materials or site or the availability of the marks in all geographical areas.
21.
Limitation of liability
To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, we will not be accountable to you or any other person for direct damage, indirect, incidental, special or punitive, for example, were built including CONSEQUENZIALI and non-exhaustive, damage to loss of profits, start-up, use, data or other losses (even if it has been informed intangible WEEBLY the possibility of such damage) arising from: (a) the use or impossible to use the service; (b) the acquisition cost of goods and services resulting from data, information, substitute goods or services bought or obtained or messages received or transactions through or the service; (c) unauthorised access or alteration of broadcasts or data user; (d) statements or conduct of the service (s) or third; any other matter relating to the service.
In case of any problem with the site, the service or materials, the sole and exclusive right permitted by the law applicable shall be that stopping the use of the site, service and the maximum allowable by the law applicable, measure Materiali.nella, its subsidiaries and its WEEBLY LICENZIANTI will not be in any way responsible for your use of the site of the service, materials, content, of the products or commercial content generated by users third available on or through the site, including, for example, not exhaustive, any errors or omissions, violation of intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, or for loss or damage of all types suffered as a result of or related to the utilisation of the site, of the service, materials, content, products or commercial content generated by users third available on or through the site.
22.
Exclusions and restrictions
Some countries do not allow the exclusion of certain guarantees or limitation or exclusion of liability for damage or incidental, as outlined in sections 20 and CONSEQUENZIALI 21.
For that reason some restrictions above in sections 20 and 21 may not be applicable for you.
23.
Restrictions government use
Materials within the service are provided with " limited rights. "
Use duplication or dissemination by the government of the united states is subject to the limitations laid down in the laws and regulations applicable.
The use of materials from the united states government is recognition of our property rights in such materials.
24.
Convention arbitration; surrender class actions
We want to solve your concerns or problems before it is brought a case against Weebly.
Please us in https: / / hc / en / hc.weebly.com.
You contatteremo e-mail informally to resolve the dispute.
User Weebly or may start a formal dispute resolution, if a dispute is not resolved within 30 days of the presentation.
Can settle disputes with us only on an individual basis and you can not take legal action as an actor or member of a class, in actions or representative (e.g., assembled
Arbitration class actions, class, private attorney general action or meeting with other arbitration).
Any dispute relating to these conditions which has not been resolved through our informal process, or as indicated below, will be resolved definitively and exclusively using a single binding arbitration, with a single arbitrator (" "), administered by referee american Arbitration association (https: / / www.adr.org) in accordance with the content of this section and rules applicable to arbitration this forum.
Referee will be responsible for determination of all the issues relating to the threshold, including the doubts that arbitrabilità conditions apply, unreasonable and any defence of arbitration or misleading, for example, delays, negligence or marginalisation. exceptions
Judicial according to the requirements applicable, you can decide to bring an action by your office conciliation rather than the local arbitration procedure, provided that the matter remains within the office conciliation and local go only on an individual basis (and not class or representative).
The federal Arbitration act, § 9 applies fully u.s.c. 1-16.
If you are a consumer and brought an action relating to a transaction for own use, domestic or family any hearing will be held in your residence arbitration county.
Otherwise any hearing will be held in san francisco (california arbitration) or in another location mutually acceptable.
The arbitrator's decision will be binding on the parties and could be included as a judgment in any court jurisdiction.
Although arbitrator can express a measure or establishment, the referee can only be done ingiuntivo towards the single party that requested the repair and only to the extent necessary to offer a repair on the action brought by the single party.
A decision of the arbitrator and its judgment will not become a precedent and will have a side effect of foreclosure for any other event or arbitration.
Weebly reimburse costs due to the american association for the arbitration Arbitration individual managed in accordance with this section contents of arbitration for all actions brought by total costs less than $ 10,000, unless the referee considers actions to you brought unjustified.
If action is successful, you brought you right to recover legal expenses, you could try to recover these costs, at the referee.
For any action you brought, we're not asking expenditure legal from you, even if these costs were to be applied in other ways, unless the referee does not consider the action which you brought.
Under this clause arbitration, the references to you and to also include their agents, controlled Weebly, associates employees, predecessors, and users and successors who were transferees or beneficiaries authorized services.
According and without abandoning the clauses arbitration above and recognize that any legal proceedings (accepted with the exception of actions managed by local offices conciliation mentioned above) will be under the jurisdiction of the courts and the exclusive state of the city and county of san francisco (california), or the federal court for the district of northern california.
If some of these conditions is deemed invalid or not applicable there will be interpreted to reflect the original intention of the parties, and the remaining parts will remain in force in its own right.
Either party may take legal action only to obtain a measure to stop the unauthorised use or ingiuntivo abuse of the service, or to enforce the intellectual property rights (for example, copyright and trademark rights, business secrets or patent rights) without first engage in our informal process dispute resolution or an arbitration.
Where arbitration this convention does not apply to you or to your complaint, any legal proceedings must be given the competence of the courts or federal state county san francisco, california.
User Weebly and accept subjecting themselves and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of san francisco staff, california.
Statute independently of any law or in the opposite direction all claims or because of action initiated by you and arising from or relating to the use of the service or these conditions must be made within a (1) year from the emergence of that claim or cause of action, failing which the final revocation by action.
25.
Information for users in california
Want to help you solve your concerns and your problems.
Contact us at http: / / hc.weebly.com and we look forward to help you.
You can also contact us at square, inc. (
Dba Weebly) 1455 market street, suite 600, san francisco, california 94103 us.
Also pursuant to section of the civil code of california 1789.3 service users who reside in california are entitled to the following information on consumer rights: the care unit complaints the division of services to consumers from the department of consumer affairs of california can be contacted in writing to the north, 1625 market blvd.
Suite n 112, sacramento, california or telephone numbers (916) 95834 445-1254 (800) or 952-5210.
26.
Other general provisions
Could provide informing the user by e-mail or ordinary mail.
Service may also give notices of modifications to these conditions or other issues by the display notices or links to general notices in service.
If residents are the united states and in canada, these conditions and the relationship between you and Weebly are governed by the laws of the state of california without with regard to rules on conflict of laws.
Weebly accepted you and present jurisdiction personnel and courts in san francisco, exclusive in california.
If you are resident in the uk, ireland or in any other country except the united states, canada, japan and australia, these conditions and the relationship between you and are governed by the laws of Weebly england and wales.
If residents are in japan, these conditions and the relationship between you and are governed by the laws of japan. Weebly
Residents if you're in australia, these conditions and the relationship between you and Weebly are governed by the laws of the state of victoria.
Where Weebly not pursued or to apply any law or disposal of these conditions, it will not be a renunciation of such right or disposal.
These conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us and governing the use of the service, replacing any previous agreement (including, but not only, the previous versions of these conditions).
Can also be subject to terms and conditions that may apply additional when using services affiliated or other, the contents of third parties or 3rd-party software.
If any provision in these conditions or documents were incorporated by a court of competent jurisdiction not be valid, the parties agree, however, that the court will have to try to give effect to the intentions of the parties as reflected in that provision, and any other provisions of these conditions will remain in force in its own right.
Accepted, regardless of any statute law or in the opposite direction all claims or because of action arising from or relating to the use of the service or these conditions must be made within one (1) year from the emergence of that claim or cause of action, failing which the final revocation by action.
The titles of sections of these conditions are entered as mere reference and do not have any legal or contractual.
Recognize and accepted to waive its right to participate as an actor or member of a class in collective action or any procedure initiated representative.
Also, under no circumstances can unite the demands of more people in any form of collective or representative or otherwise procedure.
27.
Violations
Please visit our page abuses to report possible violations of these conditions.
