Italy: western union money terms and conditions of service Transfersm
You read and understand the present general terms of contract first accepted.
Those conditions include restrictions on the scope of our against him, and restrictions and OBBLGHI exemptions relating to our responsibility for the damages arising from the use of the service of money transfer online.
These provisions are highlighted in bold.
To these general terms of contract, the following definitions apply:
A. " paper ' means a credit card visa or mastercard, or a ® ® debit card;
B. " working day ' refers to a day that is not a saturday or sunday, and in which banks are open for normal activities in vienna;
C. " card issuer ' means an issuer as well as the cardholder.
D. " method of payment ' means options available to the sender to finance a money transfer through the western union online service, which may vary from country to country and may include debit card, credit card, current bank account and other methods of payment;
Purpose prohibited " e. " indicates any purpose contrary to the law, which make or receive payments related to gambling chips or game, make payments claims to himself as a beneficiary in order to prove its financial soundness (i.e.
Risk of fraud), or create one or more profiles, sending or receiving money on behalf of others;
F. " beneficiary " means the person designated as addressed to money remittance (apart from the fact that the recycling is carried out by the consignor through the western union online or service from a different subject through another service of western union money transfer);
Sender g. " ' means the person who carried out the transaction money transfer service through the western union online;
H. " operation ' means any money remittance carried out through the western union online service;
The western union, " ". " we, " or " our " indicates western union international bank gmbh and western union international limited; the forecasts referred to in article 9 of the contractual conditions, as well as references to the " opposite negligent or " refer also to all the fraudulent associated companies or agents, to the extent that these entities to implement activities which would otherwise have made by western union for the purposes of providing the service western union online;
J. service western union online ' shows services (money remittance money transfer) provided by western union via the website of western union or the mobile application of western union.
: Website " western union " or " site " means the website used to provide services of money remittance and application mobile western union; and
L. " she " or " his " means any entity that uses the internet site western union as sender.
1.
Who we are
1.1.
Service western union ® online is provided by western union international bank gmbh (" ") together with WUIB western union international limited.
WUIB is a limited liability company incorporated under austrian law, headquartered in the icon tower), vienna (24 13 vienna, entered Wiedner Gürtel a-1100 at the business register kept by the chamber of commerce of vienna, with number. the registration number of processing 256187t data (edp) is 2111221.
Western union international limited is a company incorporated under irish law (registration number in the register of enterprises:) headquartered in To372428 office park, 9 Richview unit, dublin, ireland. Clonskeagh 14
1.2.
Customers can obtain information on the guidelines and the hours of operation of agents and the local retailers calling the number: 800 789 124.
Contact WUIB may also be at the following telephone number (free) italy: + 322; or at 639 7065 mail @ Italy.customer westernunion.it.
1.3.
WUIB is subject to supervision by the austrian authorities of financial markets [] (" supervisory authorities on finanzmarktaufsicht financial markets "), based in vienna, number 5, otto-wagner-platz 1090 telephone + 43 1 249 59.
Further information on the supervisory authority on the financial markets are available by consulting the website www.fma.gv.at.
2.
Services
2.1.
Service western union online offers money remittance services (money transfer) national and international.
To use the service western union online you need to have at least 18 years and have their habitual residence in italy.
Whenever a money transfer is assigned an identification code, the money transfer control number. " or " MTCN
2.2.
Using and approving the information required to carry out a transaction money transfer and accepting these general terms of contract, the sender orders to perform an operation of WUIB money transfer.
Each order of money remittance is a single contract between the sender and limited to WUIB execution of a specific operation money transfer.
Under any circumstances, the single order determines the conclusion of a framework contract for this route, to perform obbligandoci individual and successive operations money remittance.
The consignor shall inform the beneficiary of the transaction.
2.3.
In accordance with the law and regulations, we are committed to make available to the beneficiary the amounts transferred for the collection, at the latest by the end of the working day following that on which they were received (" day of receipt.
The time of receipt coincides with the western union receives the sums transferred and the relevant committees.
Transfers ordered in paper form the period extends for a further business day.
2.4.
For money remittances (i) a state outside made to the eea or (ii) subject to more changes of currency between the euro and a different currency of a member state of the european union or a member belonging to the eea or (iii) not collected in euro, the sums transferred shall be made available to the beneficiary in collecting not later than the end of the fourth day following the day of receipt.
2.5.
Remittances where money " ordinary " sums are generally made available to the beneficiary in collecting within a few minutes, on the basis of the working hours of each point of sale of western union.
Money transfer service in certain member may be delayed or be subject to further restrictions.
For more information, please contact the toll indicated in point 1.2 of these general terms of contract.
2.6.
Service western union online offers several options for the collection of money, including the availability of cash from an agent, sending directly to a bank account or a mobile phone, if available.
Where sums should be paid in cash, the beneficiary shall be required to provide appropriate proof of their identity, in addition to all the details of the operation required by western union in relation to money remittance, specifically the sender's name, the state of origin of sums transferred, the payee's name, the approximate amount of these amounts, as well as any condition or requirement, such as the, that are mandatory for the agent MTCN local western union that the amounts transferred can be collected.
Payment of sums shall be made to the beneficiary that western union or his agent legitimized the collection of amounts transferred consider following the check their identity papers.
Payments can be made even if the data provided by the beneficiary and related to the operation contain minor errors.
Or western union nor its staff compared contact details of the beneficiary.
In certain outlets, the beneficiary may be required to provide proof of their identity and / or respond to questionnaires for the collection of money.
These questionnaires, prohibited in some countries, do not constitute an additional safety measure and can not be used to determine or delay the payment of a money remittance.
For operations to a bank account or a mobile phone, western union will transfer the sums using data bank provided by the sender.
If mismatch between the entity holder of account number (including telephone numbers for the accounts) and the telephone cell recipient indicated, the transaction will be credited to the account number indicated by the sender.
2.7.
Under services money transfer, the law prohibits operators to maintain business relations with certain countries or subject; is required to monitor all WUIB operations against the lists of names provided by the governments of the countries and territories in which we work, including the office of foreign assets control () of the us treasury department and OFAC the european union.
Potential correspondence, if there should be western union operation to determine whether the name will actually identified the subject on the appropriate list is identified.
To this end, western union shall be entitled to require the consignor or the beneficiary designated additional details of in the operation and proof of their identity, leading to a possible delay in the execution of the operation.
Above is a legal requirement for all the operations carried out by western union (including remittances from outside and intended for the united states).
2.8.
Committees recycling: on the site of western union information is available on the way in which western union charge to the sender, cost on the money remittance.
Such information can be found by the sender before completion of the transfer order.
Specifications committees for the recycling of money are outlined in section " send money online " at www.westernunion.com.
Just select the country of destination, enter the amount to be transferred and click on " calculates. "
Sender calculated the total amount of commissions needed to complete the money remittance, unless the law applicable in the country of destination requires otherwise.
The beneficiary may be charged additional fees for receipt of amounts transferred by the sender through the service (abmt), the money transfer account based mobile telephone or through a bank account.
Money remittances should be carried out on an account denominated in local currency of the beneficiary (), otherwise the institution receiving (with which the recipient has its current account) may convert the amounts to its exchange rate, or refuse the money remittance.
The agreement between the beneficiary and its provider of mobile telephony services, the account provider or other provider governs the account and Mwallet determines the rights, obligations, committees may apply, the sums available and limitations provided for.
If mismatch between the entity holder of account number (including telephone numbers for the accounts) and the telephone cell recipient indicated, the transaction will be credited to the account number indicated by the sender.
Western union may charge further in relation to the use of an account committees to transmit and receive money.
Western union assumes no liability for costs where the consignor or any other account holder entailed together with the exchange rates used for the conversion into currency other than the local currency or for actions or omissions attributable to the supplier of financial services final or intermediate.
2.9.
Foreign currency
A.la money remittance is normally performed in the currency of the country of destination (in some states, payment may be carried out only with an alternative currency).
Changes shall be made at currency exchange rate applied by western union.
Western union computes its exchange rate based on the interbank rates market with the application of a margin.
Many exchange rates are revised several times a day, in line with the rate of closure of the global financial markets.
The exchange rate for money remittances is indicated on the country of destination in section www.westernunion.com by selecting " send money online, " entering the amount to be transfer and, finally, by clicking on " calculates. "
B. currency will be converted at the time of recycling and the beneficiary will receive the amount in foreign currency indicated during the transfer process.
In some countries, however, the regulation requires that local money remittances are converted only when the accounts.
If sender transfers money in one of these countries, the exchange rate indicated above is only estimated, while the rate actually applied will be determined at the time of payment.
Agents western union can give the beneficiary the opportunity to receive the sums in a currency other than the currently selected by the sender.
In such cases, western union (or its agents, the provider of mobile telephony services or the account provider) may retain an amount if the additional sums transferred by the sender are converted into currency selected by the beneficiary.
If sender select a currency other than the national currency of the country of destination, the currency of payment option may not be available at all points of sale of that state or not being in small cuts sufficient for the execution of the entire money remittance.
In such cases, the staff member may be enforced in whole or in part the recycling of money into the national currency.
The rate of western union may be less favourable to some market rates published and used in transactions between banks and other financial institutions.
Any difference between the exchange rate applied to clients and the rate applied to western union is withheld by western union (and, in some cases, by its agents by providers mobile telephony services or by the operator of account) in addition to the committees for the yard.
Information exchange-rate relating to specific countries of destination can be obtained by contacting the toll indicated to follow or consultation with the our website.
2.10.
Sms-in some countries, western union offers free a notification via sms to confirm (the sender) have been collection by the beneficiary of the amounts covered by the recycling or the availability of sums in collecting (by the beneficiary).
Debits applied by telephone company are to be paid only sender or of the beneficiary.
Western union is not responsible for any charge related to notifications via sms.
Where it is permitted by the law applicable, notifications shall be sent via sms to mobile phone number provided by the sender and / or by the beneficiary at the time of operation.
Notifications sms to western union will send a gateway to the delivery, which is in any case, the responsibility of third parties and can not be guaranteed by western union.
Western union does not meet the technical failures which does not concern its systems owners.
3.
Responsibility for the users of the service to western union
3.1.
Declare our commitment to provide the money transfer service and information relating thereto in accordance with the present general terms of contract in the form of individual payments and to provide the due diligence.
3.2.
We are not obliged to accept any execution order for any operation and we will be responsible in any way for refusing to implement the order or for withdrawing, ceased or in any way our services limited against him.
These terms and conditions apply, however, to any order we choose to.
3.3.
We do not take any responsibility for:
A. goods or services paid to use the service western union online, and in particular for their delivery.
B. malfunctions of communication tools that can not be dependent on western union.
C. any loss or delay in the transmission of messages resulting from the use of service providers of internet access or caused by a browser or a software not subject to control by western union.
D. services provided by the card issuer;
E. virus from third parties;
F. errors on the internet site of western union or service western union online arising from incorrect or incomplete information provided by yourself or by a third party;
G. any unauthorised use or the interception of each message or information before it reaches the website; or
H. each use or not allowed access to his personal data or relating to its operation developed by western union, unless such use or access are attributable to neglect of western union.
3.4.
Without prejudice to any previous agreement concerning the initiation of a transfer of money, did not take any obligation against him in relation to the opening or the enforcement of money remittance if:
A. were unable to obtain a satisfactory proof of identity;
B. had reason to believe that information on the operation are not correct, authorised or falsified.
C. provides us with incorrect information or incomplete or if the information relating to the operation there were not given sufficiently in advance in order to finalise the implementation of money remittance promptly; or
D. the card issuer not authorized the use of such a charter for the payment of operation and the relevant committees.
Our responsibility is also excluded for damage resulting from failure or delayed payment of a money remittance in favour of a beneficiary unless our obligation pursuant to point 8 or if the service western union online fails to perform an operation as a result of one of the above events.
3.5.
Refuse we can in whole or in part the service provided western union online if using the service is a breach of policy of western union (including the policy relating to the prevention of crime fraud, money laundering or terrorist financing) and / or the applicable law, of a judgment of the court or other obligations imposed by a supervisory authority or government, or any other body having jurisdiction on us when this we considered necessary for the protection of our interests.
If we refuse to provide the service online (western union in whole or in part) for one of the above reasons, we shall as soon as possible and, unless the notificarglielo where there was prohibited by law, we will provide the reasons for its refusal.
3.6.
We can suspend in whole or in part, the operation of the website western union or service western union online, where they are outside the circumstances force us to take our control that decision (" circumstances beyond our control "), which we therefore considered appropriate.
If the services provided by website western union or service western union online should be discontinued for any reason (due to us to third-party providers or otherwise), are committed to take adequate measures to contain as soon as possible the length of interruption.
3.7.
We generally communication via the internet and e-mail.
This does not prejudice its right to contact us by other (see the article 1.2) mode, where the circumstances so require.
4.
Responsibility users to western union
4.1.
You profess to pay western union fees due (see article 2.8 above) for each operation of money remittance carried out through the service western union online.
4.2.
As user, is required to pay the amount covered by the money remittance plus of our committees through a credit card or a bank current account (to the extent that a transfer of money from one allows WUIB account).
Prior to the transfer of money or any other operation allows the issuer of its charter to effect payment of the amount of money remittance and its committees.
The announce the total amount to be charged on your credit card or bank account in its final approval before the operation.
4.3.
You agreed and recognises that:
A. information provided in order to carry out a money remittance online are true, accurate, up-to-date and complete;
B. data of the operation (the amount, the name, the country, the name of the beneficiary, the) should be shared only with the MTCN beneficiary.
Is obliged to ensure that third parties can not unauthorised access to such information.
Also recommends that operations money transfer are addressed to beneficiaries known personally by the consignor;
C. service western union online is not used for illicit purposes;
D. service western union online is not used for any purpose prohibited;
E. within the western union online service is not requested to carry out operations in breach of these general terms of contract or other restrictions present in website western union; and
F. is personally responsible for the protection of his password and under username envisaged in the following article 6.
4.4.
In case of loss, theft, copying, misuse or unauthorised data relating to the transaction (see article 4.3 (
B) above), where she considers that the operation has been carried out without his consent, has not been performed or has not been performed correctly, will contact the number + 322 639 or 800 789 124 (free from 7065 italy) and tell us immediately as soon as it becomes aware of such events.
Later we will look into question.
4.5.
She accepts and declares that we can submit information about his person or services provided to you if this is a requirement by a governmental authority or supervisory or their bodies where:
A. there were obliged by law; or
B. we think that this disclosure could prevent fraud, money laundering or other crimes.
5.
Customer service
Where should find errors or other issues on the internet site of western union or the operation of the service western union online, please contact the e-mail or telephone number reported in article 1.2.
Or write at:
Western union italy
Lithuania uab
J. Balcikonio str 3
Vilnius, lithuania Lt-08247.
6.
Password and security
Before it is carried out the first order of money remittance, you will be required to provide a password and an e-mail address to be used as username.
The username and password must not be used by third parties.
You responsible for confidentiality of his and his password username, as well as each operation put in place using your password and your username.
Password can never be shared with anyone and recorded.
You agrees immediately any unauthorised use of his tell us password or username or any other breach of security measures, contacting the telephone number + 43 29 800 6544.
Once communicated unauthorised use of their username or password, we will adopt all necessary measures to prevented further use of such information.
The inform these measures promptly after having taken and the reasons will provide, unless there is prevented for legal reasons.
We exposes, however, responsibility for losses and damage from its any shortcomings obligations above.
In any case, it is without prejudice to its right to reimbursement or the crediting of the requisite amount by the issuer, where his card or his bank account are used fraudulently.
7.
Disclosure to third parties
7.1.
Western union will use and develop his personal data in the manner described in our privacy policy and with his explicit consent.
For the privacy policy is available here.
We have the right to rectify our privacy policy at any time
7.2.
This declaration expressed a waiver in accordance with section 38 of banking secrecy, austrian law banking.
Such consent may be withdrawn at any time in writing by sending a special (at WUIB referred to in article 1.1 or by e-mail at the address indicated in article 1.2.
7.3.
We reserve the right to verify the information you gave.
For credit ratings produced based on methodologies, western union addresses matematico-statistiche Deltavista gmbh, diefenbachgasse 35, 1150 vienna or other service providers we charge in order to verify the data customers, except for the information credit.
You may withdraw this consensus at any time.
8.
Responsibility
A. unauthorised transactions
8.1.
Could be held responsible against him if you eat that there has an operation authorized to carry out.
Unless which you is liable under articles 8.2 or for an operation which 8.3 has not authorised, the the amount promptly to pay back by the end of the working day following the day on which we have been notified that operation unauthorised or otherwise we are heard.
Nor rivendicheremo any reimbursement of our expenditure against him.
Where there are reasonable suspicion of a fraudulent activity for its part, our repayment obligation will be suspended, pending further investigations, which will be taken quickly.
8.2.
Can be held responsible for up to a maximum of eur 50 per losses:
A. result from unauthorised transactions arising from the use of data missing, stolen or otherwise missing relating to operations (see above); or the (4.3.b
B. result from an improper use for its part of data on operations.
8.3.
Considereremo not liable under paragraph 8.2 if it was not possible for you recognise this loss, theft or misuse of data of the operation or if the loss of such data was caused by an employee or auxiliary agent acting on our behalf, one of our branches or another service provider outside we appointed.
8.4.
Responsibility for losses resulting from an operation unauthorised is not limited to a maximum of eur 50 as indicated in point 8.2 if the user has acted with fraudulent intent or has contributed to the misuse of data operation intentionally or by serious negligence.
In such cases, you are responsible for all losses caused by any unauthorised action.
In particular, the gross negligence includes, for example and non-exhaustive, where not tell us the loss of information promptly the operation or don't keep them safe or divulge to third parties.
8.5.
Unless acted with intent to deceive, you are not responsible towards us:
A. for losses arising from unauthorised use of data for the operation which occur after receipt on our part to a notification under section 4.4; or
B. unless we have ensured that our contacts were at its disposal for the purpose of notification referred to in section 4.4.
B. non-execution of operations or transactions not carried out properly
8.6.
Could be held responsible against him in case of failure or incorrect implementation of an operation that you allows us to carry out unless it is due to the fault.
Blame user includes, but is not limited to, the reasons listed in section 4.3 above.
This means that in case of a transaction not performed or enforced improperly, the amount (in so far as the pay back the operation has not been performed or has been performed improperly).
You have the right to request redemption of all charges and interest to the extent that were debited or incurred in relation the non-implementation or incorrect implementation of an operation.
8.7.
Where fees have been charged to an operation not performed or improperly performed by us or by an agency and have been deducted from the amount of mediator recipient under this operation, the recipient amounts charged in immediately transfer report those committees.
8.8.
Any responsibility or to you due under point 8.6 is excluded if:
A. we are able to demonstrate that the amount of the transaction was received at the appropriate time by payment service provider of the consignee; or
B. 8.6 in respect of paragraph, an operation is considered to be conducted properly if we were able to demonstrate that it took place in accordance with the information on the operation that you have provided.
If gave us data for this implementation, can ask us to incorrect assist it in recovering the money.
We can not guarantee the success of these efforts.
We reserve the right to a commission to cover the reasonable addebitarle costs which we face.
C. exclusion of liability
8.9.
Any responsibility or due against him pursuant to articles 8.1 or where you 8.6 is excluded there tell an operation unauthorised or enforced improperly within 13 months of the date of implementation.
8.10.
Nor will be our responsibility under article 8 if non-execution or incorrect implementation of the operation by our where this is due to events outside our control or to our statutory obligations.
8.11.
We do not assume any responsibility if the transaction unauthorised or enforced improperly is performed by third parties or between third that you indicated before we were to receive his payment for transfer or for any other operation.
Contact promptly should be the third party and inform him of the circumstances of the unauthorized operations or enforced improperly.
8.12.
We do not assume any liability for damage caused by unusual and unforeseeable events on which western union has no control and the consequences of which, despite the attention, western union could not avoid (caused, for example, by events outside our control, failure of telecommunication lines, civil disturbances, war or other events such as industrial action or lock-outs on which we have no control.
This also applies to the cases in which the western union is bound by an order of other under community legislation or of an order national judicial or administrative.
8.13.
We do not exclude or limit ourselves in any way our responsibility toward you where illegal.
This includes responsibility for death and personal injury caused by our negligence, fraud or false declaration, or fraudulent violation of his rights legal where it would be illegal exclude or limit these rights in relation to the service western union online.
8.13.
Except in cases of gross negligence, gross negligence, death or personal injury, she does not accept that an affiliate western union is subject to any duty of care towards him if that take that would otherwise be affiliated tasks carried out by western union in accordance with the contractual relationship with her.
8.15.
You are not responsible towards western union, or western union against him is responsible for the damage caused by the proper exercise of their rights under these general terms of contract or the use of the service western union online.
9.
Intellectual property
Internet western union and service western union online, their content, their intellectual property rights (including the copyrights, patents, rights database, the trademarks and marks service) belong to western union, for their subsidiaries or to third parties.
All rights related to website western union or in the service western union online remain our properties and / or third property.
The website western union and the western union online service must only be used for the purposes permitted by these general terms of contract or as determined by the same site.
Qualified to view and save a copy of the pages of the website western union is used only in staff.
Without our express written is not, however, legitimised, to create or modify the copy, publish website western union, the western union online service or parts thereof, or to create " derivative works " or to participate in their sale or sale or their publication on the web or to use them in any other way for commercial purposes or public.
Is also entitled to: (a) use robots, spider, or other programmes for the automated scraper access to the website western union or the western union online service and / or (b) remove or modify the information on, and any other information to copyrights marks relating to intellectual property rights published on the website of western union (or printed pages of the site).
Name western union and all the other names, and the particulars of proprietary products and / or services mentioned on the internet site of western union are brand exclusive or other western union third parties.
Names other products, services or company appearing on the marks are considered their owners.
10.
Links to other websites
The website of western union may contain links and references to other websites (" link ").
Link links to these are not accession by our or from our associated with the content of the sites of third parties.
Links does not imply that western union is associated or subsidiary to third parties or is formally authorised to use the mark, the trade name, logo or the symbol copyrighted displayed or accessible via a link, or that these links are authorized to use the mark, the trade name, logo, the symbol protected by copyright of western union.
Each issue concerning these links, should be given administrators or to the same. webmaster
Western union is neither confirm the accuracy and reliability of these links, and decline each opinion opinion expressly declaration or other information displayed or otherwise available via the link.
With this, you say take any risk arising from custody recommendations, judgments, declarations or other information displayed or otherwise available via such link.
11.
Right revoke or cancel the transfer or to withdraw money from these general terms of contract
11.1.
You have the right to revoke a money remittance carried out via the website of western union within 14 days from the date of the order.
Withdrawal shall be notified in writing by e-mail or explicitly (.
However, the right of withdrawal shall not apply where western union has already paid sums to the beneficiary before receiving his notification.
In exercising his right of withdrawal before the payment of sums to the beneficiary, western union will to reimburse the amount covered by the money remittance without charge no commission.
11.2.
May withdraw a money remittance in writing, route (or e-mail if it western union has not yet paid sums to the beneficiary before receiving its notification of termination.
Then provvederemo to repayment of the amount covered by the money remittance at the exchange rate of valid at the time of western union, refund and in any case, at least to the nominal value of the amount, insofar as the sums have not been paid to the beneficiary within 45 days.
Fees for the recycling, in this case, will not be reimbursed.
If sums are not made available for the collection by the beneficiary within three working days, in the case of a notification of termination for just cause proceed to repayment of the amount covered by the money remittance, including (without prejudice to the limits of committees and regulatory law).
12.
Agreement
These general terms of contract, together with the other contractual terms to which these general terms of contract relate, constitute the contract between you and me and replace any previous agreement if any.
13.
Safeguard clause
If one or several of the provisions to these terms and conditions are invalid, unlawful, then this does not affect unenforceable or the validity of the remaining provisions.
Where one or more of the provisions contained in these general conditions of contract are, or illegal, this does not invalide inapplicable affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
14.
Complaints, applicable law and jurisdiction
14.1.
If satisfied with our service under these general terms of contract, may file a complaint in writing from contacts published on https: / / www.westernunion.com / en /. will do our best to treat your complaint at the earliest opportunity and send you a letter of reply definitively within 15 working days from receipt of your complaint.
In exceptional circumstances, send you an interim reply within 15 working days, indicating the period within which will receive his, which must not be definitive answer more than 35 days of the date of its original claim.
Unless receives our final answer or if he is not satisfied, may apply directly to the conciliation committee's joint banking sector in austria (gemeinsame der österreichischen), Schlichtungsstelle Kreditwirtschaft 63 vienna. Wiedner hauptstraße 1045
Also has the option to assert their rights before the competent courts of general jurisdiction.
Alternatively, you can use the settlement of disputes (" odr "). "
Odr offers a solution to disputes out-of-court related to online transactions: http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /
14.2.
These conditions are governed by the austrian law, except for the rules of conflict of laws.
The site is vienna.
If you are a consumer resident in italy, will also benefit from all the mandatory provisions of italian law on consumer protection.
14.3.
The court of vienna (first district) is innere stand competent to agreements not concluded with consumers, in accordance with section 1 of the austrian law on protection of the rights of consumenti). (Kschg
If you are a consumer may take legal action in relation to claims or disputes (including claims arising from non-contractual or disputes) or related to these terms and conditions and in the courts of his residence to the austrian courts.
If you are a consumer, the company will take legal action against her at the court of his habitual residence, his habitual residence or of his place of employment.
14.4.
Italian civil code
Under with 1341 and 1342 of the italian civil code article, the parties agree expressly the provisions referred to in point 2 (our services), 3 (responsibility of western union to the users of the service), 4 (responsibility of users to western union), 5 (customer service), 6 (password and security), 7 (disclosure of information to third parties), 8 (responsibility), 11 (right to revoke or delete the money transfer or to withdraw from the present general terms of contract), 12 (agreement), 13 (safeguard clauses), 14 (complaints, applicable law and competent court) of this contract.
