Europacondizioni sales
Last revision: 1 january 2022
User certify with this and claims to be their own country and of the state of residence.
Adult if it is, your parent or legal guardian must consent to this agreement.
User should read and understand the present conditions of sale (" conditions of sale ") governing purchases of digital content, including any purchases through Battle.net ® or such as a game Battle.net ® shop, or not, and / or other downloadable software which is not provided in tangible form, subscriptions to games, digital elements, or, in the form of funds to load in-game balance (overall " digital content " Battle.net and / or " services ").
Physical products are not currently offered for sale on this platform.
Use blizzard platform as defined in the licence agreement by the end user of generally, including the blizzard goods or services purchased by blizzard, digital is regulated by licence agreement by the end user, which must be consulted together with the sales conditions.
These sales conditions do not regulate purchases by blizzard (the " blizzard store gear store) available here that gear are governed by a separate set of policies and terms of service, which may be examined directly on the site of the blizzard gear store.
Order of the user.
By an order, user claims to be allowed to use the method of payment used.
If they live in europe, the middle east and africa, ordering other services, sending digital content or a binding offer for the purchase of digital content or services in question by activision blizzard uk limited, headquartered at the Ampersand building, street, london, 178 wardour W1f, united kingdom (hereinafter " 8fy blizzard, " " " or " us "). we
The order is accepted and the contracts will be concluded once we sent an e-mail confirms the email recorded in your account Battle.net.
Use digital content or service is also covered by the licensing agreement with the end user of, any Battle.net license agreement with the end-user of the licensor and / or from any other period of use and / or service presented to the user during the process of order.
User agrees with this explicitly that the supply of digital content and / or the performance of our services starts immediately after we have enabled access to digital content and / or services which may be held either immediately after the purchase or if pre-ordini and / or, where such preacquisti and / or digital content services are available (" performance of the contract.
Subscriptions.
The duration of a subscription to a game on the period of subscription chosen.
In order to avoid any interruption of the use of digital content, the subscription users is set to the automatic renewal, for the same period of subscription chosen.
You can undo the subscription at any time by clicking the " delete ' in the first page of the page account management account in your account before the expiry of the period of subscription Battle.net current.
However, we can use digital content until the end of the period of subscription way.
Please note that there are no refunds if you decide to cancel the subscription in advance because the digital content will be available for use until the end of subscription contract period.
Blizzard reserves the right to his sole discretion, to change the amount of shares subscription.
Then send an e-mail users blizzard notification at least thirty (30) days before changes are made to the.
With notification, remember users who continued use after the end of the period of subscription current acceptance of the new tariffs involves subscription.
However, the new price will apply for users only from the date of automatic renewal of subscription.
If we do not agree with these changes in price, you can undo the subscription click " delete account " in the first page of the page management your account before the beginning of the period of subscription Battle.net with the price as.
Cancellation must be carried out before the price changes enter into force, otherwise it will consider the tacit acceptance of those amendments.
Prices and payment.
Depending on their country of residence and articles specific they are buying, it might be possible to choose between different currencies to buy goods from blizzard.
Prices include the possible value added tax applicable.
The content and digital services are sold to the user with prepayment.
The payment is due immediately with the order and in case of renewal of a subscription early in the new automatic subscription contract period.
Methods payment may be available indicated during the process of order, as credit card, or direct debit balance Battle.net.
For using any service provider for payment and invoicing external, as might be applied paypal, terms and additional costs of the supplier.
User agrees to pay any fees or charges applicable to be incurred by user itself or by anyone using his account.
Whenever a subscription for a game, it is acknowledged that recurring payments will be drawn up automatically (e.g. charged on their balance or be charged on their credit card blizzard) until the cancellation of the subscription or the account.
Blizzard may revise the prices of goods and services offered via the platform at any time with a reasonable notice.
Right of withdrawal.
User has the right to withdraw from this contract within fourteen (14) calendar days after the purchase without giving any reasons.
The withdrawal period will expire after 14 calendar days from the date of execution of the contract.
To exercise the right to withdraw the user must inform us of its decision to withdraw with a clear statement following the process as described here https: / / / / en / article / eu.battle.net support 186491.
This declaration shall include the name, address, the name of your account, the number of the order, the blizzard date of the order and the date of withdrawal (an example of a withdrawal is at the bottom of these conditions).
To ensure compliance with the withdrawal deadline, we need to send the declaration of withdrawal before expiry of the withdrawal period.
Effects of withdrawal.
User withdrawing successfully by contract, all payments received pay back within a reasonable time and over fourteen (14) days from the day on which we have been informed of the decision to withdraw.
Will such reimbursement using the same means of payment used for the initial transaction, unless the user expressly agreed otherwise; in any case, the user will not incur any cost as a result of such reimbursement.
User requested to start the provision of services during the period of withdrawal, should an amount proportional to what is corrisponderci given until we has communicated his / her resignation from this contract, compared with the full coverage of these services within the meaning of the contract.
Important:
Despite above, the user explicitly recognises the right of withdrawal of losing in relation to the purchase of digital content once you start benefit (see article 1.
Above) and the software game requiring prior download before entering the contents, once made access to it.
With this user losing its right expressly recognises withdrawal in relation to any service if the performance has begun with its express consent (see article 1.
Above) and once the contract has been fully implemented by us.
Full details of the procedures for reimbursement of blizzard in our policy are detailed redemptions.
Please visit our refund procedures before performing any purchase.
Changes in the conditions of sale.
Could from time to time, change, change or update the present conditions of sale and the conditions of sale updated will apply to all purchases after.
User accepts to consult and agree with the conditions of sale before any purchase.
Compensation and limitation of liability.
6.1
6.1.1.
No provision in these terms only responsibility for blizzard for (a) death or personal injury arising from our negligence or from that of our employees or agents; (b) our wilful misconduct, (c) fraud or fraudulent declaration; (d) for serious misconduct or (e) any other responsibilities that can not be excluded or limited under the applicable law.
6.1.2.
6.1.1 blizzard, without prejudice to article will not be responsible for any indirect damage, or punitive or for any unforeseen consequenziali loss of business, loss of profit, loss of income or revenue, loss of planned savings or loss of data resulting in any way.
Blizzard is not responsible for damage resulting from any purchases made under these conditions of sale, resulting from fault or neglect by the user or due to an event outside of our reasonable control (see article " force majeure " below).
6.1.3.
Blizzard accounts for only slight negligence if a contractual obligation under substantial violates blizzard of this document, for example, if we fail to provide products or services to payment, and the responsibility of blizzard would be limited to damage typical and foreseeable in any case, excluding indirect damage, punitive and / or damage consequenziali.
6.1.4.
For all other responsibilities, the overall responsibility for total blizzard in courts of law claims individual or successive arising would be limited to typical and foreseeable resulting from damage that gave rise to the infringement claims and will be limited to an amount equivalent to the fees paid by the user to blizzard for 30 days immediately preceding the claim.
6.2 user will by and against every and any manlevare blizzard responsibility, claims and the cost incurred by or supported against, as a result of the direct or indirect blizzard execution of services by blizzard relating to our products or the supply of products to the user.
Except as specified in the licence agreement by the end user of blizzard or other agreements between the user and blizzard, will have no responsibility for the blizzard user for products subject to patents, copyrights, third rights database design registered, marks or other protection.
Refer under relevant producer or the owner of the product.
Force majeure.
Blizzard is not responsible to the user, or in case of breach of contract, for any loss or damage as a result of direct or indirect benefits delayed or failure to performance blizzard due to the circumstances beyond the reasonable control of blizzard.
In that case, blizzard may decide to cancel the order and reimburse payments.
Defects.
If defect shall apply legal provisions.
Customer care.
Contact details of the customer care are available to page http: / / eu.support.blizzard.com / epiphany.
If requests in relation to the purchase of digital content and / or services, contact before our customer care.
Dispute settlement for residents in the european union and the united kingdom.
If it is satisfied with the resolution of its request from our customer care and if they live in the european union, the european commission provides a platform for dispute resolution online accessible to the http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
If it is satisfied with the resolution of its request from our service and customer care lies in the united kingdom, the government of the united kingdom provides information on consumer rights at http: / / www.gov.uk / consumer-protection-rights.
Full agreement.
The conditions of sale and the license agreement with the end-user of blizzard on other agreements between the parties or prevail within the customs practices or the implicit commercial uses.
Alleged any terms or conditions, including against third parties, are excluded as legally permitted.
Applicable law.
If the user has made an order with blizzard entertainment, the conditions of sale sas are settled in accordance with the laws and interpreted in france.
If the user has made an order with blizzard entertainment international, a trade name of activision blizzard international bv or activision blizzard international bv, the conditions of sale are settled and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the netherlands; excluding its rules on conflicts of law and excluding the united nations convention on international contracts for the sale of goods.
Jurisdiction.
Insofar maximum permitted by the law applicable, the user accepts explicitly that the exclusive jurisdiction in any claim or action arising from or relating to these conditions of sale will be courts in the netherlands or france, depending on the partner with which the user has concluded the agreement within the meaning of article 1.
Annex model withdrawal form
Activision blizzard: uk limited
With this i withdraw from the contract of sale of following digital content for the provision of the following facility: / [insert name of digital content / service)
Ordered on [insert date]
Serial number: [insert the serial number]
Name: [insert your name)
Address: [insert his address]
Account blizzard: [insert email address your account blizzard]
Date: [insert the date and if sent by post, signature]
