Service
Last updated: 27 november 2012.
These terms and conditions (for brevity, the " conditions ') governing access to websites and mobile applications that are related or refer to Yelp these conditions (for brevity, the " ") and regulate its site also use by the users.
Access to the site or the use of that user implies acceptance of these conditions and the conclusion of a legally binding contract with ireland ltd, a company Yelp (for brevity, " (irish). Yelp
Where user does not wish to or is unable to be bound by these conditions, we should also refrain from access to the site or from using it.
Definitions
Parties
" You " and " your " refer to your person, as user of the site.
" User ' means a person coming onto the site, the use by crawling or or other instruments. scraping
The pronoun ' we ', in the form express or implied, expressed in various other, and the word " our ", in the forms possessive singular and plural, male and female, relate to Yelp.
Content
" Content " means text, images, photos, videos, audio, video footage data location and all other forms of data or communication.
" Your content ' means the content that sends or via the website or transmit at the site in relation to the site, including charts, reviews, good invitations, check in, messages and information showing or you showed in your account publicly profile.
" Content of the user ' means the content that users send or via the website or shall transmit to the site in relation to the site.
" Yelp content ' means the content that we created and made available in relation to the site.
" In third parties ' means the content produced by persons other than or by its users, made available Yelp in relation to the site.
" Content of the site ' means the entire contents made available in relation to the site, including its contents, the content of the user, the content of third parties and the content of Yelp.
Changes in the conditions of use
We reserve may changes and updates to these conditions.
The most up-to-date version of these conditions is available here.
User recognises and agrees that access to the site or the use of that are governed by the conditions in force at the time of access to the site or the use thereof.
If apportassimo substantial changes to these conditions, we shall make headlines user via e-mail or through the publication of a notice on the site before the date of entry into force thereof.
Will also be our concern at the top of this page indicate the date on which they were carried out the latest revisions.
User should regularly consult these conditions, because the updated versions will be considered binding.
These changes will enter into force on the date of publication of the new conditions.
User recognises and agrees that continuing to access the website or to use the same after the entry into force of the modifications to the conditions of implicitly accept these changes. states
Translation
We reserve the right to translate these conditions into other languages for convenience of user.
Nevertheless, the relationship between the user and Yelp is governed by the english version and in case of discrepancies between the different versions shall prevail in english.
Use of website
Access criteria
For access to the site or use the site you need to have made the eighteenth year of age and have the capacity and the authorities required to sign these conditions.
Access to the site or its use are prohibited by competition or users to which in the past we have banned access to the site or close the account.
Permission to use the site
Yelp gives the user the permission to use the site in compliance with the limits laid down in these conditions.
User uses the site to its risk, including the risk of being exposed to offensive content, obscene, incorrect, or inappropriate questionable.
Availability of site
Site may be amended, updated, interrupted, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice or without being legally offence.
User account
To use some of the functions offered through the site, we need to create an account and provide a series of personal data.
The user has a duty to keep secret password your account.
User is also responsible for all activities carried out in relation to his account.
User inform us immediately of any claims to use unauthorised your account.
We reserve the right to close the account at any time and for any reason.
Account user is intended exclusively for personal use and not trade.
During the process of creating the user is asked to provide personal information, in order to support the complete and correct its credibility as active ingredient of the site.
Spacciarsi is prohibited for other people (e.g.:
Adopt identity a celebrity or near), or use an account to create a person who is not the user itself, provide an e-mail address other than their own e-mail address or create more account.
If using a pseudonym, it should be noted that there is an opportunity to be identified where, for example, in its dovetail identification data, use reviews the same data account on other sites or let to other sites to share with their personal data Yelp.
For more information, inspect of our privacy policy.
Communications from other users and Yelp
Creating an account, user agrees to receive certain information on the site.
E.g. user may receive good or requests for friends by other users.
User it will also receive our e-mail newsletter on events taking place weekly in its area.
For choose not to receive transmissions non-essential, click here.
Content
Responsibility for its contents
Responsibility for its content, which once released, can not be withdrawn, is the exclusive responsibility of the user.
User takes all the risks associated with their content, including the trust placed by any person referred on quality, or the correctness of the information provided, or any reliability user disclosure of the information provided in its content which might make the user personally identifiable.
User claims to possess or have the necessary permissions to use its content and to permit the use in accordance with the methods described in these conditions.
User should not be assumed that its content is in any way sponsored or authorised by Yelp.
User may be legally punishable, for example, its contents if contains material, intentionally misleading or false, if any right to third defamatory viola, including copyright, patents, trade secrets, mark, moral rights, right to privacy, the right of advertising or any other intellectual property right or owner, if illustrates, including offences of illegal material speeches incitement to hatred or pornography, if or otherwise exploit minors, or whether viola, damages or incite violation of any law or regulation.
Our right to use the content of the user
We reserve the option of using the content of the user in various ways, whether publicly, in mostrandolo riformattandolo advertisements in other works or incorporandolo, creating derivative works and facilitates distributed and allowing others to do the same with the websites and communications platforms (" other means of communication.
So under these conditions the user gives us the right ever non-exclusive irrevocably world, free from royalties, transferable in and to use its contents sub-licenza transferable for any purpose.
It is also specified that the user also users of the site and irrevocably grants of any other means of communication entitled to have access to its contents in relation to the use of the site and any other means of communication.
User surrender, finally, and ensure that others, renounce irrevocably to make demands and towards demand and its users in relation to Yelp moral rights or powers relating to the content of the user.
" Use ' means use, copy, run and expose, play, distribute, amend, delete, analyse, market and translate derivative works of its prepare content.
Properties
With regard to the relationship between the user and the user is the owner of the Yelp its content.
We owners of content, including, but not Yelp comprehensive, interfaces visual functions interactive, graphics, design, build, including, for example, the completion of the content of the user and other content of the site, the computer code, products, software, album charts review aggregate users and all the other elements and components of the site, excluding the content of the user, the content of other users and the content of third parties.
Owners copyright, we are also of trademarks, marks service and other intellectuals and property rights throughout the world (the " ip "), associated with content of rights and at the site who are protected by Yelp laws on copyright, company image, patents, trademarks, and all the other rights and laws intellectuals and property.
So user is prohibited amend play, distribute, or otherwise exploit public display in any, in whole or in part, Yelp or create derivative works or adjustments such content, unless we specifically authorized.
Unless expressly indicated, we are not here and uniquely no right and all rights expressed or implicitly referred to in the site and on the site and content of Yelp are our property.
Advertising
Yelp dealers and their licence may show publicly advertisements and other information beside or within the content of the user.
User has no right to any remuneration derived from these advertisements.
The way, the way and extent to publish advertisements are subject to edit without any prior notice due to the user.
Feed content
Part of the content of the site (feed content ") is made available through the so-called real simple syndication and (for the " atom feed brevity, feed '.
User can access and use the feed to be displayed on the computer, website or blog user (the " site "), provided that the user (s) the use of feed was used solely for personal, non-commercial (ii) the feed content are associated with links to send pages of relevance of websites and give to the origin of Yelp Yelp of content, feed (iii) the use or the exposure of feed content not suggest that promotes or supports any cause Yelp idea, website, product or service of third parties, including the site of the user, (iv) the consumer does not feed the content and v (ridistribuisca) the use of feed not systems overloading Yelp.
Yelp reserves all rights linked to feed content and has the power to cessarli at any time.
To find other possible uses of feed, select partnership on our page contacts here.
Various
Content user (including any content created by users used or possibly at) does not necessarily reflect contrattualizzati Yelp's view Yelp.
We reserve the right to block, modify or we restore periodically honest judgement, for any reason or without any reason, the content of the user without any prior notice to the user.
For example, we reserve the authority to remove a review where we believe it infringes our guidelines on content.
We have no obligation to store or provide the user copies of its content, nor any confidentiality in relation to the guarantee.
Restrictions
Yelp has no obligation to apply the present conditions on your behalf against another user.
Inviting user told us any violations of by another user conditions, we will still have no right in our honest judgement, to conduct investigations and take appropriate measures.
User agrees to refrain from, and not to assist and encourage or allow others to use the site in order to:
Contravene our guidelines on the content, for example, writing a review phony or reviews with other holdings or diffamatoria negotiating paying writing or another or be paid remove a review;
Violating human rights of third parties, including acts of violation of rights of confidentiality, copyright, patents, trade marks, trade secrets moral rights, privacy laws and rights of advertising or any other intellectual property right or owner;
Threaten acts of, stalking, damage or other forms of bigotry or promote or molest discrimination;
Promote holding or another undertaking or event commercial or still use the site for commercial purposes, except where such action is carried out together with a professional and as expressly permitted by Yelp account;
E-mail mass, surveys or other messages mass of a commercial nature or not; take part in actions or otherwise make attempts to manipulate keyword spamming of research results of the site or website of third parties;
Cause children to provide personal data or make or transmitting pornographic material; or
Violate any law.
User accepts also refrain from, and not to assist and encourage or allow other:
Contravene the terms;
Amend make appropriate, play, distribute, translate, show publicly sell negotiate or otherwise exploit the site or the content of the site (other than content user), which is to create derivative works or adaptations of the site or content of the site, except where expressly authorised by Yelp;
Use any application, research / spider robot, sites or other device, recovery process or means to access, automated by scraping recover use or any part of the index or any content of the site;
Perform reverse engineering of any part of the site;
Remove or edit any notice of copyright, trademark or other notice of ownership rights this on any part of the site or on any printed material or copied from the site;
Record develop or extract information from other users;
Recover access, or any part of the index points or the creation of a database population in respect of reviews of activity; seekable
Configure riformattare or any part of the site;
Take any action, or to impose imposing, in our, or a load honest judgement on technological infrastructure disproportionately high unreasonably Yelp or otherwise site bear an excessive burden;
Make trying to achieve unauthorised access to the site, the user accounts, to the computer systems or networks linked to the through technical hacking, extraction or other means; password
Use website or any content of the site to transmit computer viruses, worm, defects, trojan horses or other articles of nature (collectively, the destructive " virus ");
The use of any device or software that interferes with the proper functioning of routine site or, however, be attempts to interfere with the proper functioning of the site;
Use website for violating the safety of any computer network, or security codes; encrypted password craccare undermine or interfere with site-safety or the content of the site or otherwise harm; or
Remove, hide, off, or otherwise interfere with any damage function related to security of the site, functions which prevent or restrict the use or the copy of the content of the site or functions imposing restrictions on the use of the site.
Restrictions above are applied only to the extent permitted by the law applicable.
Notwithstanding above the user should not act on such breach (even where permitted by the law applicable) without obtain written notice of 30 days here, together with any information that we can reasonably request in order to enable us to provide alternative or at least we meet remedies, the user's preference honest judgement.
Guidelines and practice
Guidelines on content
User declares to have read and understood our guidelines on the content.
Privacy
User declares to have read and understood our privacy policy.
Note: we will may disclose information to third parties relating to the user where is in good faith, such disclosure is reasonably required in order to (i) take measures relating to suspected illicit activities; (ii) implement or enforce our conditions and our privacy policy; (iii) fulfil legal proceedings or other surveys government, which warrants for a search, citations in view, legal measures, legal proceedings or other quotes; or (iv) protecting our rights, our reputation and our property or that of our users, of our subsidiaries or of society.
Where user use the site outside the united states, the user agrees to the transfer and processing of their personal data in the united states.
Disputes about copyright and trademarks
For information on disputes concerning copyright and trademarks, please consult our information on violations.
Events
For information on the listed events on the or who have a link to the website, see our terms and conditions governing of events.
User declares to have read and understood these clauses and conditions.
YELP offers and advertising
Where user purchases a tender or a gift, Yelp Yelp conditions of purchase will be governed by the general conditions applicable to tenders and the good Yelp.
First to make a purchase should inspect these conditions, as subject to periodic changes.
In case of conflict between the general conditions applicable to tenders and the good and these conditions will be authentic Yelp the first.
Similarly, if the user creates an account to business owners at the site or advertising, will apply to purchases Yelp conditions applicable to the advertising on Yelp.
In case of conflict between the conditions applicable to advertising on these conditions will be authentic and Yelp the first.
Suggestions and improvements
Inviandoci ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals (" "), the user feedback takes note of the following: (i) its feedback contains no confidential information or owners of third, (ii) we are not obliged to any obligation of confidentiality, expressed as regards feedback or implicit, (iii) a mechanism similar to the feedback may be being drafted or developing at Yelp and (iv) gives a license, not exclusive, irrevocable Yelp free from royalties, for using the perpetual, global change, the publication, distribution and the assignment of commitment to renounce irrevocably sub-licenza feedback, and to ensure that other, to make demands and claims to decline towards and its users in order to Yelp moral rights or powers contained in this feedback.
Third parties
Site may contain links to other websites or applications (a " site " third respectively).
Yelp does not control or any sites. allows third
User agrees that Yelp is not responsible for the content of these sites availability or third.
Using sites of third from the user shall be construed to total risk of the latter.
Some of the services available via the site may be subject to additional obligations information and licence conditions or open source, including third listed here, which shall be an integral part of this document.
Compensation
User manlevare, agrees to defend and keep free, its subsidiaries, controlling, Yelp subsidiaries and related its suppliers, dealers licence and partners and their staff, administrators, employees, agents and representatives of (collectively, the " subjects ") from any claim or Yelp request made by any third, including costs, responsibilities, legal costs, arising from, or on the following actions, from the user: (i) access to the site or use thereof, (ii) breach of the conditions of use, (iii) any goods or services bought or produced by the user in relation to the site or (iv) any breach, even by third parties using the account user of any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity.
Yelp reserves the right, at the expense of the user, to take the defence and control exclusive of any circumstances in relation to which the user is required to protest and user agrees to cooperate with our defence of such requests.
User also agrees to refrain from any such events resolve without the prior consent of Yelp wrote.
Yelp undertakes to do everything in its power to communicate to the user any such requests, actions or proceedings once venutane knowledge.
Exclusions and limitations of liability
Read this section carefully, as has enshrined the limits of liability of subjects in relation to the user. YELP
Each paragraphs below apply only as much as permitted by the law in force.
No clauses of these conditions is intended to limit any user's right to law can not be restricted.
In case of doubt on this section and other sections provision in these conditions apply to a legal adviser before entering the site or use the site.
Through access to the site or using the site user declares to have read, understood and accepted these conditions, including this section.
Accepting these conditions, the user abandonment of statutory substantive rights.
Site shall be made available in the state in which is, " " with all the defects " and " availability ', with the express agreement in that individuals have the right to monitor, not YELP control or examine the content of the user.
Therefore the use of the site is at the discretion and risk of the user.
Subjects YELP do not actually make any claim or make any promise in respect of the quality, the accuracy or reliability of the site, or the security or the content of the site.
Accordingly YELP, individuals have no responsibility towards the user in respect of any loss or damage which may occur, for example, as a result of inactivity, or site or unavailability vulnerabilities arising from the fact that the user relies on the quality, the accuracy or reliability tab activities, assessments of reviews (including content, order and display the same), or parameters which are, or are used on the, or which are made available through the site.
Subjects YELP do not actually make any claim or make any promise in relation to third parties, such as companies or advertisers listed on site or the website's users.
Accordingly subjects have no responsibility for YELP user in respect of any loss or damage resulting from their actions or omissions, including, only in an example, misuse of content, identity or personal data user by another user or to another holding, or when negative experience with one of the companies or advertisers listed on the site.
The purchase and use of products or services provided by a third party through the site is at the discretion and at the risk of the user.
Subjects YELP show all expressed or implicit expressly guarantees, including guarantees relating to goods or services offered by the companies listed on the site and implicit guarantees of fitness for a particular purpose, marketability and not violation.
Council provided no information or user verbally or in writing by a representative of one of the subjects of a declaration or guarantee. YELP COSTITUSCE
Cancellation switching and access or use of the site are the single law and remedy in the event of dissatisfaction with the site and their services, or in relation to any other form of complaint.
Responsibility aggregate maximum of subjects in respect of the following user YELP loss or damage suffered by the latter in relation to the site or to these conditions is limited to the greater of (i) any sum paid to subjects in relation to the site YELP within 12 months prior to the action that has given rise to liability, or (ii) € 100.
Subjects YELP show any responsibility in order to (i) any indirect damage, special accessories, specimens, arising from the confidence in the counterparty or (ii) loss of profits, CONSEQUENZIALI, (iii) an interruption of activities, (iv) damage to reputation or (v) loss of information or data.
Law and jurisdiction
These conditions, as well as any complaints, legal proceedings or disputes which may arise between the user and for brevity, a complaint (Yelp "), will be covered by irish law, regardless of any conflicts of law.
Regarding complaints submitted by the parties, the user accepts to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in ireland in dublin.
Termination
User may terminate the conditions at any time by closing your account, interrupting the use of the site and by providing a notice of termination here. Yelp
For more information on the procedures we apply when the closure of the accounts, consult our privacy policy.
Yelp may close the account user, suspend its right to use certain parts of the site and / or inhibit completely access to the site by the user for any reason or without any reason and without prior notice or without being legally action.
Any such action could prevent the user access to your account, at the site, the content of the user, the content of the site or any other related information.
If termination of these conditions, both by us or by the user, points 1, 5, 6 and 10 to 14 of conditions will continue to have the same validity and effectiveness, including full our right to use the content of the user as described in section 5.
General conditions
We reserve the right to change in our honest judgement, update or suspend the site at any time for any or no reason, and without prior notice or without being legally action.
We will send to the user, including those concerning the communications modifications to the conditions, e-mail, by ordinary mail or via the website.
Unless otherwise provided for in that point 10, no provision in these conditions is or will be considered as an instrument to grant rights or remedies to third parties.
Conditions represent the entire agreement between user and us on the use of the site and cancel and replace any previous agreement between user and us concerning the been matters here regulated.
The parties agree to refrain from any statement but rely not expressly enshrined in these conditions.
Any failure by exercise or implementation of any law or conditions to Yelp does not constitute a to sell this law or provided.
Failure exercise, in respect of any circumstances, one of the parties of any rights under these conditions does not constitute a renunciation of any other rights arising from the same conditions.
If any of the conditions were prepared or invalid, only the provisions inapplicable will be amended so as to incorporate the intention of the parties or eliminated insofar that conditions can continue minimum necessary to have fully valid and effective.
User can not to dispose of, transfer or conditions, and grant in any rights and sublicenza obligation, without the prior written consent in referred to, on the understanding, however, that the same Yelp may be sold or transferred by Yelp without restriction.
Any attempt to transfer from the user will be interpreted as a breach of these conditions and will be zero and ineffective.
Securities paragraphs contained in these conditions shall only be available for convenience and do not have any legal or contractual.
Yelp ireland ltd.;
Registration companies at the dublin: registration office; vat number: irish 484943 ie; incorporated: 9753764m ireland ltd., Yelp
70 sir john rogerson's quay, dublin 2, ireland; contact us
