Service
What do they contain the terms?
This index is designed to help you in our service (orientarti terms).
We hope that this guide is useful, but still reading full of terms. it
I welcome on youtube.
This section defines our relationship with you.
Contains a description of the service, defines our contract and mentions the service provider.
Who can use the service?
This section defines precise conditions for the use of service and categories of users.
Use of the service
This section illustrates your rights regarding the use of the service, as well as the conditions under which is subject this use.
Also explained how we can make changes to the service.
Content and behaviour
This part users contributing content to the service.
Defines the scope authorisations which your content and includes the loading grant agreement by your not to weigh content violate the rights of others.
Suspension and closure of accounts
This section explains how you can conclude this relationship and youtube.
Information on software in our service
This section describes the details of the software in our service.
Other legal terms
This section covers our commitment provided you with the service.
Also explains that there are some things that we will not be responsible.
Information on the contract
This section contains important further details on our contract, for example, what to expect when we need to change the present terms or what law are subject.
Service
Date: 5 january 2022
Service
I welcome on youtube.
Introduction
We thank you for having chosen to use the platform and products, services and youtube functionality available inside (collectively known as " service ").
Our service
Service lets you find out, look and share video and other content, make available to a place where people come into contact, shall inform and inspire others throughout the world and provides a platform for content distribution original creator and advertisers, large and small.
You can find comprehensive information on our products and on how we use in centre assistance.
Among other things, you can find information on youtube, the programme of youtube and partner kids purchases and subscriptions to payment of youtube.
You can also find out how look inside on other devices, as television, video game consoles or even google home.
Service provider
The entity which provides the service in the european economic area and switzerland is google ireland limited, a company formed and operating pursuant to law irish (registration number:), based in gordon 368047 house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland (identified as ", " " we, " " youtube us " or " our / a ').
Under these terms, the references to " associated companies " youtube indicate other companies within the group alphabet inc.
Existing terms
Use service from you is subject to the present rules of community terms youtube and section standards, safety and copyright (collectively referred to as " the contract ').
Your contract with us also includes rules on advertising on youtube if advertising or sponsorship to service or supply against payment in your promotion include content.
We expect you to read this agreement and to make sure that you have understood.
If you do not understand or does not accept all the contract, you didn't permission to use the service.
Who can use the service?
Age requirements
You can use the service if you at least 13 years, children of all ages may use the service and youtube kids (if available) after authorisation of a parent or legal guardian.
Authorisation by a parent or guardian
If you are under 18 years of age, you need the authorisation of a parent or legal guardian to use the service.
Invite him to read this contract with you.
The parent or legal guardian a user under 18 years while lesser permission to use the service, is subject to the terms of this contract and responsible for the activities carried out by less about the service.
You can find the tools and resources relevant for the management of experience on youtube of your family (including as to allow a child under the age of 13 years to use the service and youtube) assistance and on the kids in the center of family link to google.
Holdings
If uses the service on behalf of a company or an organization, their authorities confirm to act on behalf of that person, which accepts this agreement.
Use of the service
Service content
Content of the service include video, audio (e.g. music and other types of audio), graphic pictures texts (e.g. comments and), branding (including trademarks scripts, marks, labels or service) function, interactive software, logos and other materials metric (collectively known as " content ").
Content can be provided at service and distributed by our users and youtube is the service provider for hosting these content.
Responsibility for the content lies with the person or entity on supplying.
Content think if you meet them in inconsistent with these terms, for example because violate the rules of the community, we expect you to segnalarceli.
Google account and youtube channel
Service parts may be used, such as navigation and research content, without having a google account.
However, to borrow some features require a google account.
Google account is possible with a video, i like to join the channel, create their own youtube channel and much more.
To create a google account, please follow these instructions.
To gain access to additional features, such as loading video, the inclusion of comments or construction of playlist, we must create a youtube channel.
Here are some details on how to create their own youtube channel.
In order to protect your google account, we must maintain the password confidential.
Advise not reuse password for google account for third-party applications.
Show additional information about how to maintain safe your account, such as google action if you are aware of an unauthorised use of your password or your google account.
Your data
Our rules on privacy explain how processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the context of use of the service.
The privacy policy youtube kids provides additional information on our rules to protect privacy specific youtube kids.
Drafting content audio or audiovisual service in accordance with the loading on conditions for treatment of data by youtube, except in cases where these have been loaded for use exclusively contained personal or domestic.
Further information.
Access rights and restrictions
Can access the service and use it to the extent that is put at your disposal, provided this is done in accordance with this agreement and the legislation.
You can view the content for its own ends or hear and non-commercial and show youtube video player through youtube embeddable.
Using the service is subject to the following restrictions.
It is not permitted.
Access play,,,, transmitting, show, download distribute sell license, alter, modify or use any part of the service or contents, except (a) in the manner permitted by; (b) specific service on written authorisation by youtube and, if present, their owners of rights; or (c) as allowed by law.
Circumvent fraudulently, use, off or hinder service (otherwise or attempting to undertake such actions), including enhanced security services or functions that (a) prevent or limit the copies and different use of content; or (b) impose restrictions to the use of service or of content.
Access service using automated means (such as robot, or instruments) except botnet scraping (a) in the case of search engines public, in accordance with the robots.txt file; (b) youtube on written authorisation by youtube; or (c) in the manner permitted under existing law.
Collect or use information which could identify a person (e.g. collect usernames or images facial), except in cases where the person has given its authorization and the cases listed above in section 3.
Use service to distribute promotional or commercial effects or want to send content unwanted or mass (spam) requests.
Cause measurements or encourage users with the involvement of inaccurate genuine service such as pay or provide incentives for individuals to increase the views, i like or dislike about a video or the number of members of a channel or otherwise to manipulate the metric.
Use improperly any procedure reporting, or, for example, sent contained use dispute unfounded, or futile oppressive.
Hold service on or through it that do not respect the rules and competitions guidelines for competitions on youtube.
Use service to display or listen to the contents for purposes other than personal non-commercial (for example, are not allowed to project videos or transmitting music streaming publicly by service).
Use service for: (a) selling advertising, sponsorship or placed on the service or the contents, promotions around them or to their internal under conditions other than those permitted in the rules on advertising on youtube (such as correct positioning of product); or (b) sell advertising, sponsorship or promotion on any page any website or application includes service content or in which only the contents of the service are based out of such sales (for example, sell on a web page on which announcements youtube videos are the only content with value).
Reserve
Any law that is not granted by this agreement remains a right to expressly youtube or their owners of rights.
This means, for example, use the service you confer ownership of any intellectual property rights on the contents you access (including any brand used within the service or shown).
To develop, improve and update the service
Youtube change and improves constantly service.
Under this continuing evolution of our digital content and services, we could make changes (throughout the service or part thereof) as the addition or removal of features and capabilities, the supply of new services or digital content or withdrawal of the old ones.
Might also modify the service for the following reasons: to adapt to other new technologies; to reflect increases or decreases in the number of people using a product, service or function; to respond to the most important changes in permits and in partnership with third parties; to prevent illegal activities or harmful to solve problems relating to; laws, regulations or safety.
Particularly sometimes updates required by law or we make changes which shall ensure that digital content, services or products remain comply with the law.
We make these updates to our digital content and services for security reasons and to ensure that meet the quality standards user expects, such as those described below under legal guarantee.
Resolving could automatically install updates significant risks to safety.
As regards the other updates, the user can choose whether or not. put them
Before change or stop supply of any part of the service, we consider the interests of the user, its expectations and reasonable potential impact on the user and the others.
Interrupt supply amending or any part of the only service for valid reasons.
If an amendment impact negatively on the ability to access or use of the service, we'll tell user via email with reasonable notice, including a description of the changes, information about the timing and the user's right to end the contract with google changes create more of a problem if minor, except for the urgent situations which is illegal activities or dangerous for legal requirements or adaptation resolution security problems and interoperability.
Also offer the user a possibility, subject to the rules and the law in force, for exporting their content through google Takeout.
Content and behaviour
Load content
If you have a youtube channel, you can load contained on the service.
You can use the contents to promote your business or artistic.
If you choose to load content that you the authorisation to publish service content not complying with this contract or the law.
E.g. content published should not include intellectual property from third parties (e.g. copyrighted material) unless you don't have the authorisation of third party or another type of legal authority (including through any exception or limitation available to copyright or related rights under eu law.
Legal responsibility in the contents of the service is. you publish
Automated systems could be used to analyse the content and detect infringements and criminal conduct, as spam, and malware illegal content.
Rights;
All property rights of your content due to you.
In short, what belongs to you remains your property.
However call, however, that you give certain rights to youtube and other users of the service in the manner described below.
The license to youtube
When provide content serving, make a global and not exclusive licence youtube free from royalties, and on leave for using transferable transferable such content (including the reproduction, distribution, edit, publication and implementation of contracts) for the purposes of operation, the promotion or improvement of the service.
The license to other users
Provide also each other service user a licence global non-exclusive and free from royalties for access to your service and content through the use of such content (including the reproduction, distribution, edit, publication and implementation of contracts) only insofar as that is allowed by a function of the service.
Duration of the licence
Licences; shall be valid until the moment when the contents are removed in the manner described below.
Once removed the content, the licence expires, unless otherwise requested by the operation of the service, from the use of content allowed before the removal or by law.
Remove content, for example, if youtube is not required to (a) to the contents used by other users within any limited functionality display offline; or (b) eliminate copies we reasonably store for legal reasons.
Right to monetisation
Make youtube the right to monetize your contained within the service (and this may include the display of announcements on monetisation content or within them, or the debit of an amount for access to users content).
This agreement does not give you entitled to any payment.
From day 1 june 2021, any payment that you have the right to receive from youtube under any other existing contract between you and youtube (including, for example, payments under the programme partner for subscriptions to youtube channel or messages Superchat) will be treated as royalties.
Where required by law, google taxes by those payments. withholds
Remove content from you
You can remove the contents of service at any time.
You can also make a copy of your content prior to remove them.
Make sure to remove your content if you do not have more rights required under these terms.
Removal of content by youtube
We reason to believe that one or more of your content (1) or (2) this contract violin could harm to youtube to our users or to third parties, we reserve the right to remove those contained in whole or in part.
You'll be given the reason for our action, unless we have reason to believe that this communication: (a) to break the law or directives authority responsible for the application of the law or would otherwise involve the risk of legal responsibilities borne by youtube or of our associated companies; (b) could jeopardise an investigation or integrity or the operation of the service; or (c) might cause damage to a user, other third parties, or youtube to our subsidiary companies.
Further information on alerts, the application of the rules and the procedure for appeal, are available on the page for resolving problems of our assistance centre.
Warnings concerning the rules of the community
Youtube operates a system of " warnings " for the content which contravene the rules of the community on youtube.
Each warning is accompanied by various limitations and may result in the permanent removal of your channel from youtube.
A full description of influence as a warning network is available to page concepts on warnings relating to rules of the community.
If you think that a warning has been issued in error, you can use here.
If your channel was limited due to a warning, you can not use another channel to circumvent restrictions.
The infringements of this prohibition is a material breach of this contract and google reserves the right to close your google account or your access to all or part of the service.
Copyright protection
Provide information to help holders of copyright to manage their intellectual property in central online copyright youtube.
If you feel that your have been breached on service, send us copyright advice.
Deal with reports of alleged violations of copyright in accordance with the procedure described in central youtube, where you can find copyright information on how to solve a warning about copyright.
Rules youtube provide under the right circumstances, the disruption of access to the service by users who commit repeated breaches.
Suspension and closure of accounts
Closure made by you
Can stop using the service at any time.
Can also eliminate the service from your google account; this operation involves the closure of the youtube channel and the removal of your data, which you can fetch a copy but prior to elimination.
Termination and suspension by youtube
Youtube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your google account or your access to all or part of the service if: (a) you physically or this contract repeatedly violated, (b) are obliged to do so in order to meet a legal requirement or an injunction of the court or (c) we have reason to believe that there has been a behaviour involving responsibility or damage to users, other third parties, to youtube or to our subsidiary companies.
Notification closing or suspension
Pattern closing you'll be given or suspension by youtube unless we have reason to believe that this communication: (a) to break the law or directives authority responsible for the application of the law; (b) could jeopardise an investigation, (c) could jeopardize the integrity, operation or safety of service; or (d) can harm to users, other third parties, to youtube or to our subsidiaries
Effect of suspension or closure account
If your google account is closed or your access is restricted, you can continue to enjoy certain elements of the service (e.g. the only display) without an account and have such use will continue to be subject to this contract.
If this closure or suspension has been carried out by mistake, you can use using this module.
Information on software in our service
Software downloaded
When service requires or software (such as the application includes downloadable study, unless the youtube) software is not governed by any terms which provide a license, you a licence staff, global grants youtube, free from royalties, non-assignable and non-exclusive for the use of software provided by youtube as part of the service.
That licence has the sole purpose of allow you to use and take advantage of service as provided for by youtube, in the manner permitted under this agreement.
You copy, modify, distribute, sell or divest leased anywhere software or try to extract the source code or decode this software, unless the law does not forbid such restrictions and without the express permission in writing by youtube.
Open source
Some software used in our service could be provided with an open source license and some of the content provided in an open source license may take precedence over some of these terms.
In this case, we will put it at your disposal.
Other legal terms
Legal guarantee
If the user is a consumer in the eea and has agreed to the terms of service, the laws for the consumer SEE provide a guarantee covering the legal content or digital services provided by google.
Under this guarantee, are responsible for any lack of conformity noted user: within two years of supply one-off content or digital services (such as the purchase of a film); at any time during the provision " continue " content or digital services (such as an inscription from payment).
National legislation user could provide a guarantee period even more.
User rights under these legal guarantees are not limited to any other commercial guarantee provided by google.
If the user wants to claim a guarantee [...] can contact us
Disclaimer
By law, consumers have certain rights which can not be excluded or altered by a contract.
Nothing in this agreement affect rights which could enjoy as a consumer.
Except where explicitly stated in this agreement or required by law, (see legal guarantee) is not specific about the youtube promises service.
E.g. don't make no further promise on: the content provided via the service, the specific function of the services or accuracy, reliability, availability of services or its ability to respond to your needs or the fact that all the content in will be accessible or stored on service.
Limitation of liability
For all users.
Nothing in this agreement is intended to exclude or limit the responsibility of any part in: death or personal injury; fraud; representation or fraudulent or misleading; any responsibility that it can not be excluded or limited by law.
As far as allowed by the applicable laws, youtube and its associated companies will not be responsible for: losses not caused by the breach of this contract by youtube or its subsidiaries; loss or damage that there were at the time of conclusion of this contract between you and youtube, therefore reasonably foreseeable of breach of this contract by youtube or its subsidiaries; the content uploaded by any user or behaviour, offensive or defamatory illegal any user.
Users business: if only for the service within the use your business, business, artistic or professional (" business), this user use is also subject to liability restrictions set out below, to the extent permitted by the applicable laws: youtube not the loss of income, will be responsible for revenue or data or for the loss of opportunity for indirect losses or expected savings or damage (in all cases, a punitive whether these losses were or less predictable); the total liability of youtube and the associated companies for the from or related to the service is domanderivendicazioni limited to the amount greater of: (a) the amount of revenue that has paid for the use of youtube service during the 12 months prior to the breach and (b) $ 500.
Link third-party
Service may contain links to websites and services online third-party not owned or controlled by youtube.
It has no control over these websites and online services, has no responsibility for the youtube themselves.
We expect you to pay particular attention when leaving the service and to read the words and rules on privacy of websites and services online third-party you visit or usufruisci.
Information on the contract
Variation of the contract
Could change this contract (1) to reflect changes in relation to our service or to our way of working, for example, if we add new products or function or old ones, (2) to dump, regulatory or legal reasons relating to safety, or (3) to prevent abuses or situations?
Substantially affect this agreement, if we give to the user advance at least 15 days by e-mail, the possibility of reviewing the amendments (1), except in the case of launching new services or functionality or (2) in urgent situations which prevent the continuation of criminal activity or meet legal requirements.
When informed user changes, provide the new version of highlighting the terms substantive changes.
Unless accept the new terms, must remove your content and do not use more services.
User may decide to solve his relationship with google at any time closing their google account.
Continuation of contract
If stop use the service, you must still comply with the following terms of this contract: " other, " " information on legal terms contract. "
Also licences granted to you will only apply in limited cases as described under " duration of the licence. "
Separation
If one of the terms of this contract were inapplicable for any reason, this will not extend to other terms. inapplicability
Transfer
Youtube could dispose wholly or partly this contract to an associated company or, if sold to a third party to youtube.
Surrender
If i don't respect this agreement, the lack of action by our early adoption can not be seen as abandonment of our rights (such as the right to take action in the future.
Legislation
If you reside in a country of the european economic area or in switzerland, this agreement, and with it your relationship with youtube pursuant to the same will be governed by the laws of your country of residence and the legal proceedings may be undertaken at the local courts.
Specific approval
With approve this agreement, the following specific modifications to service, ": " clauses " suspension and closure account ' and " limitation of liability.
SEE instructions on withdrawal
If the user is a consumer who is in the eea, from 28 may 2022, the law on consumers in the eea entitles the user to withdraw from this contract as described in the model instructions on withdrawal of the eu, given below:
The right of withdrawal
User has the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without having to provide justification.
The withdrawal period will expire 14 days after the day of conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, the user must inform us of its decision to withdraw from this contract by unequivocal statement (e.g.
A letter sent by post or email).
User contact us via email at may google.com, calling the number @ account-withdrawal + 35 (below are reported numbers 31800832663 telephone specific for countries) or write to google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
User may use the model withdrawal form annex, but such use is not compulsory.
Also completed electronically and send the model withdrawal form or any other unequivocal statement on our website (g.co). / Eeawithdrawalform
User use this, you will receive an acknowledgement of such withdrawal (e.g. through durable medium
Email) without delay.
To meet the expiry date of the period for the withdrawal, it is sufficient that valid user send a communication on the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period is over.
Effects of withdrawal
User exercise withdrawal from this contract, you will receive reimbursement of all payments sent, including the costs of shipment (except for the additional costs involved in the choice of the user of a different type of the shipment dispatching standard cheaper offered by us) without undue delay and in any case not later than 14 days after the day on which we have been informed of the decision of a user of withdrawal from this contract.
Reimbursement shall be made using the same methods of payment for the initial transaction, selected user unless the user has not asked explicitly otherwise; in any case, the user will not incur any cost following this reimbursement.
Model withdrawal form
(User is invited to complete and return this form only if you would exercise withdrawal from the contract)
- Google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin, ireland, [4]: @ account-withdrawal google.com
- With this communication, i exercise my withdrawal from the contract of sale of the provision of the following service, _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Date of the order, _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Name of consumer, _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Address of the consumer, _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper), _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Date: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Contact google to withdraw by these terms
Country phone number
Austria 0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria 0800-14-744
Switzerland 800-720-070
Cyprus 800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Denmark 80-400-111
Estonia 800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Germany 0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Iceland 800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italy 800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein 0800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxembourg 800-40005
Malta 800-62-257
Netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 800-410-575
Portugal 808-203-430
Romania 0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia 080-688-882
Spain 900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
In force on day 5 january 2022 (view anterior)
