Amazon.pl Terms of Use and Sale
Last updated: 17.
08.
2021
Welcome to the Amazon.pl website
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL and their affiliates ("Amazon") provide website content and other products and services to users visiting or purchasing Amazon.pl (the "site"), or using Amazon products or services. , using the Amazon mobile application or the software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the above services (collectively "Amazon Services").
Amazon provides the Amazon Services and sells its products under the terms and conditions set out on this page.
Amazon.pl is a trading name of Amazon.
Terms of use
Terms of Sale
Terms of use
Please read these terms carefully before using the Amazon Services.
By using the Amazon Services, you agree to be bound by these terms.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services to which additional terms may apply in certain circumstances.
When you use an Amazon Service (for example, your Account, Amazon Gift Cards, or Amazon mobile apps), you are also subject to the terms, conditions and guidelines applicable to that Amazon Service ("Terms of Service").
In the event of a conflict between these Terms of Use and the Service Terms, the Service Terms will govern.
Notification of Infringement and Claim Procedure
1 PRIVACY PROTECTION
Please read the Privacy Notice and Information on Cookies and Internet Advertising.
2 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
By using any Amazon Service or by sending e-mails, text messages, or other correspondence from your computer or mobile device, you are communicating with us electronically.
We will communicate with you through various types of electronic communication channels, including email, text messages, in-app push notifications, and by posting emails or messages on the website or through other Amazon Services such as Hub Notifications.
For the purposes of the contract between us, you consent to receive communications from us electronically, and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically meet all legal requirements for the written form of such communications, except cases where mandatory provisions of law require a different form of communication.
3 COPYRIGHT AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content contained in or made available through any Amazon Service, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, sound files, downloadable digital files and data compilations, is the property of Amazon or Amazon content providers and is protected by law. on the basis of Luxembourg and international copyright and database laws.
Compilations of any content contained in or made available through any Amazon Service are the exclusive property of Amazon and are protected under Luxembourg and international copyright and database laws.
You are not permitted to download and / or reuse content elements of any Amazon Service without our express written consent.
In particular, without our express written consent, you may not use any bulk data mining or data mining tools, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools to (once or repeatedly) download any essential content of any Amazon Service. in order to re-use them.
You are also not authorized to create and / or publish your own databases containing essential elements of any Amazon Service (e.g.
our price lists and product offers).
4 TRADEMARKS
Click here for a list of Amazon trademarks.
In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service and service names that are part of or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or design items and layouts of Amazon products and services.
Amazon's trademarks and industrial design items and product and service layouts may not be used in conjunction with any products or services that are not Amazon products or services in any way that may mislead customers, or in a manner that disparages or disparages Amazon.
All other non-Amazon trademarks that appear as part of any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, which may be either Amazon affiliated or sponsored entities or others.
5 PATENTS
One or more patents apply to this website, some of its features and services.
Click here for a list of applicable Amazon patents and licensed patents.
The above list is not intended to be exhaustive.
6 LICENSE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use and the applicable Terms of Service, and payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or the suppliers providing Amazon with certain content grant you a limited, non-exclusive, and non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access Amazon Services. and using them for your own, non-commercial use.
This license does not include the right to resell or use any Amazon Service or its content for commercial purposes, the right to collect and use product offerings, product descriptions or pricing information, or to exercise derivative rights on the Amazon Service or its content. downloading or copying account information for another trader, or the right to use data mining or data mining tools, robots or similar data collection and extraction tools.
Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders and others that provide certain content to Amazon reserve and retain any rights not expressly granted to you under these Terms of Use or the Terms of Service.
You may not duplicate, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or display any Amazon Service or any part thereof, or otherwise use it for commercial purposes without our express written consent.
In addition, you may not crop or use a cropping technique to isolate any Amazon trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout or form) without Amazon's express written consent.
You also may not use any meta tags or any other type of "hidden text" using Amazon's name or trademarks without express written consent from Amazon.
You may not use the Amazon Services in an unauthorized manner or as intended.
You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law.
Amazon's licenses to use the Amazon Services will terminate if you fail to comply with these Terms of Use or the Terms of Service.
We will notify you in advance of termination of the license.
7 YOUR ACCOUNT
To use some Amazon Services, you may need to have your own Amazon account to which the appropriate payment method is assigned and be signed in to that account.
If we have trouble making a payment using your chosen payment method, we may charge you with that payment using any other valid method assigned to your account.
Click here to manage your payment options.
If you use any Amazon Service, you are responsible for keeping your account and password confidential and restricting access to your computer and mobile devices, and you are responsible for any activity that occurs under your account or password: (i) by you or anyone with whom you shared your account or password; or (ii) as a direct result of your failure to keep your account and password confidential.
You should take all necessary steps to protect your password and keep it confidential and notify us immediately if there are any circumstances that suggest that your password is in the possession of any other person or is being used in an unauthorized way, or that it is likely to be used. in this way.
You are responsible for ensuring the correctness and completeness of the data provided to us and for informing us of any changes.
The My Account tab on our website allows you to access a large part of the data provided to us, including information about your account settings, and to update it.
You may not use any Amazon Service: (i) in a way that would, or could cause the interruption or disruption of, or damage to, any Amazon Service or access to any Amazon Service, (ii) for unlawful purposes, in connection with the commission of a crime or any other unlawful act. action, or (iii) to cause any nuisance, inconvenience or distress.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide the service or close your account if you breach applicable law, applicable contractual provisions, our guidelines or rules, the content of which is available on our website.
Regardless of the restriction of use of the services or the closure of your account, you will have the right to continue to access content and services purchased by you up to that point.
We will notify you in advance of the termination of the service.
8 REVIEWS, COMMENTS, NEWS AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors to the website can post reviews, comments and other content on the website; send e-cards and other messages; submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions and provide other information, as long as their content is not illegal, indecent, offensive, does not contain threats or defamatory content, does not violate privacy or intellectual property rights or otherwise harms third parties and does not raise any objections, as well as does not contain computer viruses, does not bear the characteristics of a political or commercial campaign and is not sent as part of the so-called "
chain "mail", mass mail or any form of "spam".
You may not use a false email address, impersonate any other person or entity, or take any other type of action that is misleading as to the origin of the card or other content.
We reserve the right to remove or edit such content (however, unless we receive the Application Form, we are not obliged to do so).
If you believe that the listing of any item or information on any Amazon Service infringes your intellectual property rights, please let us know by completing and submitting the appropriate Application Form to which we will respond.
Unless otherwise indicated by Amazon, by posting any content on the website or submitting materials, you grant: (a) Amazon a non-exclusive, free and fully transferable right (including full sublicensing right) to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate distribution, display and compilation of such content or materials around the world and on any medium, and (b) Amazon, sub-licensees and Amazon rights buyers - the right to use, in accordance with the choice of the above.
entities, name or first name and surname provided by you in connection with posting a given content.
This provision does not constitute the basis for the transfer of moral copyright.
The above-mentioned granting of rights is irrevocable for the entire period of protection of intellectual property rights you are entitled to regarding the content or materials, to which you hereby consent.
To the extent permitted by law, you undertake not to exercise your right to indicate you as the author of such content and the right to object to actions that violate their integrity.
You agree to take any further steps necessary to give effect to the above rights granted by you to Amazon, including the signing, at Amazon's request, of additional documents.
You represent and warrant that you are the owner of the rights to the content posted by you on the site or exercise other control over them; that, as of the date the content or materials were posted on the website: (i) the content and materials are correct; and (ii) your use of the content and materials you submit does not violate Amazon's applicable policies or guidelines and will not harm any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory).
You may be held liable for breach of these statements and assurances under civil or criminal law, as the case may be.
9 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS
Amazon respects the intellectual property of third parties.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that raises concerns that they may have been infringed, follow the information provided in the section entitled.
Form and procedure for submitting claims for infringement of rights.
10 TERMS OF USE OF AMAZON SOFTWARE
In addition to these Terms of Use, all software (including any software updates and improvements and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for use in connection with the Amazon Services ("Amazon Software") will be subject to the terms and conditions at this link.
11 OTHER ACTIVITIES
Other entities other than Amazon also carry out activities related to the operation of stores, the provision of services and the sale of products on this website.
In addition, we provide links to the websites of related entities and other entrepreneurs.
We are not responsible for the research or evaluation of these entrepreneurs or persons or the content of their pages, and we do not provide any guarantees with regard to their offer.
Amazon is not responsible for the actions of any of the above or any other third parties, or for the products or content they post.
You have the ability to identify when a third party is involved in your transaction.
We, in turn, may transfer your data to such a third party in connection with the transaction.
In connection with the above, you should carefully read the privacy notice and other terms of use of such third party websites.
12 THE AMAZON ROLE
Amazon allows third-party sellers to list and sell products on Amazon.pl.
In this case, the relevant information is each time posted on the relevant product detail page.
While Amazon facilitates transactions through the Amazon Marketplace, it does not act as a seller or buyer for the products offered by the seller.
Amazon provides a platform that allows sellers and buyers to negotiate and complete transactions.
Therefore, only the seller and the buyer are the parties to the contract concluded in connection with the sale of third party products.
Amazon is not a party to, and is not liable for, or in connection with such agreement, nor is it acting as an agent or intermediary for the seller.
The entity responsible for the sale of products, handling any claims of the buyer and other issues arising from the contract concluded between the seller and the buyer or arising in connection with it remains the seller.
In order to provide the buyer with safe purchase conditions, Amazon grants the so-called
Warranty from a to z, which is in addition to any other rights you may have under contract or otherwise.
13 OUR RESPONSIBILITY
We strive to ensure the uninterrupted availability of the Amazon Services and error-free data transmission.
However, due to the specificity of the Internet, we cannot provide any guarantees in this respect.
In addition, access to Amazon Services may be suspended or limited from time to time to allow for repairs or maintenance or for the introduction of new amenities or services.
We will strive to limit the frequency and duration of any suspension or limitation of the availability of services.
The above provision does not limit Amazon's legal liability.
In terms of relationships with professionals (entrepreneurs), Amazon is not liable for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach by Amazon, and (ii) any economic losses (including loss of profits, revenues, orders, anticipated savings, data or goodwill and wasted expense), and (iii) any indirect or consequential loss that neither party could have foreseen when you started using the Amazon Services.
We will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform our obligations under these terms and conditions if the delay or non-performance is due to force majeure.
Some countries' laws do not allow all or some of the above limitations to apply.
If such laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you may have additional rights.
Nothing in this provision shall limit or exclude our liability for making false statements or causing death or personal injury due to our negligence or willful misconduct.
14 APPLICABLE LAW
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and the application of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly excluded.
Both parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the district of Luxembourg City, which means that you may bring an action in a court in Luxembourg or in the EU country where you live in order to assert your rights under consumer protection law under these Terms of Use.
The European Commission provides an electronic dispute resolution platform at: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ [external link].
Due to the fact that we prefer to resolve notifications in direct contact with our users, we do not participate in the procedures of alternative consumer dispute resolution.
If you would like to draw our attention to certain issues, please contact us.
15 EXPORT CONTROL
You agree that you will not export, re-export or transfer any products (including software and other digital products) purchased by you on the website to any country, person, entrepreneur, organization or entity for which such export is covered prohibition or restrictions resulting from legal provisions.
For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, the U.S. Department of State, Treasury or Trade, or other governmental bodies (such as specific country embargoes or economic sanctions against individuals or businesses for terrorist activities or criminal offenses). money laundering) may prohibit you from taking products to other countries - even for your own personal use - and / or shipping products (whether by physical mail, electronic mail, or file sharing) to specific individuals, entrepreneurs , organizations or entities.
You further agree that you will not purchase any products or services from the website if you are subject to restrictions (sanctions).
16 CHANGES TO THE SERVICES AND CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE
By using the Amazon Services, you are subject to Amazon's policies and the Amazon Services terms of use, including these Terms of Use and the Terms of Service as they apply when you use the Amazon Services.
If you have an Amazon Account, and unless the change unfairly places you at a disadvantage, we may amend the policies and terms of use for the Amazon Services, including these Terms of Use and Service, or any part thereof, at any time. for the following reasons: for legal or regulatory reasons; For safety reasons; to improve existing features or to supplement our Services with additional features; in order to introduce changes resulting from technological progress; make reasonable technical adjustments to our Services; as well as to ensure the continued availability of our Services.
If changes are made, we will notify you in good time and remind you of your right to terminate the affected Amazon Service or Services without notice.
Your continued use of the Services after such changes become effective will be deemed your acceptance.
In such event, the revised versions of these Terms of Use and the Terms of Service will apply to any subsequent contractual relationship between us.
You will still be able to cancel your Amazon account at any time.
If any change is deemed invalid or ineffective for any reason, then such change will be considered separately and will not affect the validity and effectiveness of any other changes or conditions.
Subject to the same terms and conditions, we reserve the right to make changes to any Amazon Services at any time.
17 WAIVER
If we fail to act in response to your breach of these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to exercise all our rights and remedies in the event of any other breach of these Terms of Use by you.
18 MINORS
The products we sell are not intended for purchase by minors.
The children's products we sell are intended for purchase by adults.
Persons under the age of 18 may use the Amazon Services only under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
19 OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
The owner and administrator of this website (with the exception of the MP3 Music Service) is Amazon Europe Core SARL.
Detailed terms of use and terms of sale for other Amazon Services, including for example the MP3 Music Service operated by Amazon Media EU SARL, are available on our website.
Dla Amazon Europe Core SARL:
Amazon Europe Core SARL,
Limited Liability Company,
38 avenue John F.
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Entity registered in Luxembourg, entered in the Luxembourg Commercial Register (CS) under the number: B180022
Business license no: 134248
Luxembourg VAT number: LU 26375245.
Other contact details:
Amazon EU Sarl
Amazon EU SARL
Limited Liability Company
38 avenue John F.
Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: 125.
000 EUR
Entity registered in Luxembourg
Entered in the Luxembourg Commercial Register (RCS) under number: B-101818
Business license no: 134248
Luxembourg VAT number: LU 20260743.
Registered domestic branch:
AMAZON EU SARL SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ BRANCH IN POLAND
ul.
Towarowa 28
00-839 Warsaw
Entered in the register of entrepreneurs kept by the District Court for the capital city of
St.
Warsaw in Warsaw, XII Commercial Division under the number KRS 0000827545
NIP 1080023913
The person representing the foreign entrepreneur in the branch: Jakub Stefański
Amazon Services Europe SARL:
Amazon Services Europe SARL
Limited Liability Company
38, avenue John F.
Kennedy, L-1885 Luxembourg
Share capital: 37.
500 EUR
Entity registered in Luxembourg
Entered in the Luxembourg Commercial Register (RCS) under number: B-93815
Business license number: 132595
Luxembourg VAT number: LU 19647148
Amazon Media EU SARL:
Amazon Media EU SARL
Limited Liability Company
38, avenue John F.
Kennedy
L-1885 Luxembourg
Share capital: 50.
000 EUR
Entity registered in Luxembourg
Entered in the Luxembourg Commercial Register (RCS) under number: 112767
Business license number: 136312
Luxembourg VAT number: LU 20944528
20 NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENT AND CLAIMING PROCEDURE
If you find that your intellectual property rights have been infringed and you are eligible for registration with the Brand Registry, please register with it and file a complaint through it.
If not, you can submit a complaint using our electronic form.
This form can be used to make any type of intellectual property claim, including but not limited to copyright, trademark, design and patent claims.
Upon receipt of a complaint, we may take appropriate action, including removing certain information or items and, where appropriate, excluding repeat infringers.
Any of the above actions will be taken without any recognition of liability, and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or rights to bring charges, all of which are hereby expressly reserved.
The measures above include directing a complaint to those involved in hosting the allegedly infringing content.
You may be held liable if your report infringes the law, including for providing false or misleading information, under applicable civil or criminal law.
Information about the offers of Third Party Sellers: Please be advised that the offers of Third Party Sellers are posted on the Amazon.pl website only on the basis of advertisements published on behalf of such Third Party Sellers, who can be contacted through the page containing Information about the Seller, available from any the page containing the products of a given Third Party Seller.
ASIN and ISBN-10 designations: "ASIN" means the Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number of the Amazon Product (Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number) of ten (10) characters.
It is placed under each offer in the Detailed product information tab. "
ISBN-10 "stands for the International Standard Book Number and is the ten (10) digit identifier that is included in some book sales under the Product Details tab.
Note: Providing Amazon with false, misleading or inaccurate information on the Report Form may result in civil and / or criminal liability.
If you have any questions or concerns, we recommend that you contact a legal advisor.
ADDITIONAL TERMS OF USE OF AMAZON SOFTWARE
Use of Amazon Software.
Use of Amazon Software.
The Amazon software may only be used to enable you to use the Amazon Services as designated by Amazon and as permitted by the Terms of Use, these Software Terms of Use, and any Terms of Service.
You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into your own programs, compile any portion of the Amazon Software with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or transfer, lease, rent, loan, loan, or distribute the Amazon Software such as also sublicense or otherwise transfer any rights in the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part.
Amazon software may not be used for illegal purposes.
We may discontinue any Amazon Software and terminate your right to use any Amazon Software if you fail to comply with any of these Software Terms of Use, the Terms of Use, or any other applicable and binding Terms of Service.
We will notify you in advance of the termination of the service.
Additional third party terms and conditions may apply to the Amazon Software (or the software that may be incorporated therein), which are included or distributed with the Amazon Software and are detailed in its documentation.
The foregoing third party terms will govern your use of such software in the event of any inconsistency between such terms and these Terms of Use.
Any software used for any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and is protected under Luxembourg and international copyright laws.
Use of third party services.
By using the Amazon Software, it is possible that you will also use one or more third party services, such as providers of wireless communication media or mobile platforms.
When using third party services, you may be subject to other terms, conditions and fees established by such third parties.
No Reverse Engineering.
Except for cases in which it is expressly allowed by the mandatory provisions of law, it is not allowed to copy, modify or make so-called
reverse engineer, decompile, or deconstruct the Amazon Software in whole or in part, manipulate it in any other way, or produce any derivative works of or based on the Amazon Software, or induce, support, or authorize others to do so.
Updates.
In order to keep the Amazon Software up-to-date, we may offer automatic or manual updates of the Amazon Software at any time without notifying you.
Terms of Sale
1 APPLICATION
These Terms of Sale govern how Amazon EU SARL sells products to you.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services to which additional terms may apply in certain circumstances.
When you use an Amazon Service (for example, your Account, Gift Cards, Amazon mobile apps or Notification Center), you are also subject to the terms, conditions, and guidelines applicable to the Amazon Service ("Terms of Service").
In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Sale and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service shall prevail.
Please read these terms carefully before placing your order with Amazon EU SARL.
By placing an order with Amazon EU SARL, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
2 OUR AGREEMENT
By placing an order, you are placing an offer to Amazon to purchase the product or products indicated in your order.
Once you have placed an order to purchase a product from Amazon, we will send you a notification confirming receipt of your order and a detailed description of your order ("Order Confirmation").
If you use certain Amazon Services (e.g.
Amazon mobile applications), Order Confirmation may be placed in the Notification Center on the website.
The Order Confirmation constitutes a declaration that your order has been received by us, but it does not constitute acceptance of your offer to purchase the ordered products or services.
The acceptance of your offer and the conclusion of the contract of sale of the product you ordered takes place only when the product is sent to you and an e-mail message is sent to you or a notification is placed in the Notification Center on the website, confirming that the product has been shipped to you ("Shipment Confirmation").
If more than one shipment has been sent as part of your order, you may receive a separate Shipment Confirmation for each shipment, and each Shipment Confirmation and the corresponding shipment will constitute a separate sales contract concluded between us in relation to the product or products indicated in the Shipment Confirmation. .
The entity you are contracting with is Amazon EU SARL.
Notwithstanding your right of withdrawal under section 3 below, you may cancel your product order free of charge at any time before we send you the Shipment Confirmation for the product in question.
The above right of cancellation does not apply to certain categories of products and services, including digital products and software that is not delivered on a tangible medium (e.g.
on a CD or DVD) after you start downloading or using the product (whichever comes first).
You agree to receive sales invoices electronically.
Electronic invoices will be made available in pdf format in the My Account tab on the website.
For each delivery, we will inform you in the Shipment Confirmation that the electronic invoice is available.
Further information on electronic invoicing and instructions on how to receive a hard copy can be found on our website under the Help tab.
Please be advised that we sell products only in quantities corresponding to the typical needs of an ordinary household.
This applies both to the quantity of products ordered as part of a single order, as well as to several orders placed for the same product, where individual orders are for typical household quantities.
3 RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL UP TO 14 DAYS, EXCLUSIONS OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL AND OUR VOLUNTARY RETURN GUARANTEE, WARRANTY RIGHTS
INFORMATION ABOUT THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
STATUTORY RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
You have the right to withdraw from the order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date of receipt by you or a person indicated by you (other than the carrier) of the purchased goods (or the last item, batch or part of the goods, if the order concerns several batches or parts delivered separately) or from the date of conclusion of the contract, in the case of services or digital content that is not delivered on a durable medium (e.g.
on a CD or DVD).
You should inform us (Amazon EU Sarl, 38 avenue John F.
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg) of the decision to withdraw from the order.
You can submit a declaration of withdrawal according to the instructions in our Online Returns Center, using the forms provided therein, by contacting us or by using the standard form available here.
In the event of withdrawal via the return center, we will immediately provide you (e.g.
by e-mail) confirmation of receipt of the declaration of withdrawal.
The cancellation deadline is met if the cancellation declaration is sent before the cancellation period has expired and the goods are returned via our Online Return Center within the deadline indicated below.
For additional information on the scope and content of the above-mentioned right and instructions on how to exercise it, please contact Customer Service.
EFFECTS OF WITHDRAWAL
In the event of withdrawal from the order, we will refund all payments received from you for the purchased goods and we will refund you any delivery charges at the rate we offer for the cheapest method of delivery.
The refund will be made without undue delay and, except in the cases described below, no later than 14 days from the date we receive your declaration of withdrawal.
Unless you have explicitly indicated a different payment method, we will refund your funds using the same payment method that was used for the original transaction.
Regardless, you will not be charged any fees related to your refund.
We may withhold refunds until we receive the goods back or provide proof of shipping back, whichever comes first.
The goods should be sent back in accordance with the instructions available in our online return center, at the latest within 14 days from the date of giving us the declaration of withdrawal.
Return shipping is free of charge.
You may be liable for a decrease in the value of the returned products as a result of their use (except to the extent necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods).
EXCLUSIONS OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
There is no right of withdrawal or, accordingly, expires in the case of contracts relating to:
delivery of goods that are not suitable for return for reasons resulting from the principles of health protection or hygiene, if the sealed packaging of the product was opened after delivery, and goods that, due to their nature, were inseparably connected with other things after delivery;
delivery of sound, visual or computer programs in sealed packages, if the package was opened after their delivery;
delivery of non-prefabricated goods manufactured in accordance with the specifications provided by the customer or clearly adapted to his individual needs;
delivery of goods that have a short shelf life or that are easily perishable;
provision of the service, if it was entirely performed by Amazon (eg.
in the case of using the Amazon MP3 Music Service), if before placing the order you have acknowledged and unequivocally confirmed that we can start the service and that you are not entitled to withdraw from the contract after its full performance;
delivery of digital content (including applications, digital software, e-books, MP3 files, etc.),
which are not provided on a durable medium (e.g.
on a CD or DVD), if you have given your consent and unequivocally confirmed before the execution of your order that we can start delivering the content and that after the delivery of the content has started, you are not entitled to withdraw;
delivering newspapers, periodicals or magazines, with the exception of subscription contracts; and
delivery of alcoholic beverages, the price of which was agreed at the time of concluding the sales contract, as long as their delivery can take place only after 30 days, and their actual value depends on fluctuations in the market over which we have no control.
END OF INFORMATION ABOUT THE RIGHT TO CANCEL
VOLUNTARY RETURN GUARANTEE
In addition to your statutory rights, Amazon provides you with the following voluntary return guarantee:
Products sold by Amazon EU SARL may be returned to Amazon EU SARL within 30 days of receipt, provided that none of the exclusions apply and as long as the products remain complete and in the same condition as when they were received. .
More information can be found here.
Products must be returned via the Online Returns Center.
This voluntary return guarantee does not apply to digital products and software that is not delivered on a tangible medium (e.g.
on a CD or DVD).
If you return products under this Voluntary Return Guarantee, we will refund the purchase price paid and the shipping costs of your original order.
You will bear the risk of return transport.
Return shipping is free of charge.
This return guarantee does not affect your legal rights.
Therefore, it does not affect your right of withdrawal described above.
Detailed information on returns and descriptions of example situations can be found here.
WARRANTY RIGHTS:
In addition to our 30-day return guarantee, under our warranty rights, you can request repair or replacement of goods purchased on Amazon if the goods are defective.
You also have the right to demand a reduction in the purchase price or to withdraw from the contract on the basis of applicable law.
Under the warranty, Amazon is liable for defects in products found within two years of delivery.
If the replaced goods have been delivered to you as part of a supplementary service, you are obliged to return the goods originally delivered to you at our expense within 30 days.
Defective goods should be returned in accordance with the law.
Amazon reserves the right to claim compensation under the terms of the regulations.
For used products, the warranty period is one year from delivery of the product.
Further information on the warranty conditions can be found in the return conditions.
4 PRICES
All prices are inclusive of VAT at the applicable rate.
Despite our best efforts, there is a risk that a small number of items in our catalog may have been incorrectly priced.
When processing your order, we will verify that the price is correct before accepting your payment.
If it turns out that there is an error on our side and the correct price of the product is significantly higher than the price stated on the website, and the difference in price is an obvious price error (an error that you may have easily noticed), we will contact you before by sending you asking if you wish to purchase the product at the correct price, or to inform you that your order has been canceled.
If the correct price of the product is lower than the price we stated, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product.
5 DELIVERY
Unless otherwise agreed, delivery will be made to the delivery address you specify.
On our website you will find information on the availability of products sold by Amazon (e.g.
on the product detail page).
Please be advised that any information regarding the availability, shipment or delivery of a product is indicative only, is an estimate and does not constitute binding or guaranteed shipment or delivery dates, unless expressly stated otherwise in the shipping options.
If, during the execution of the order, we find that the product you ordered is unavailable, we will inform you about it in a separate e-mail or via the Notification Center.
This will not affect your statutory rights.
If we are unable to deliver the goods to you because the goods do not fit in your front door, front door or staircase of the building, or because you are absent at the address provided by you, despite providing you with information about the planned delivery date in advance, you will be charged for the failed delivery.
6 CUSTOMS
When ordering products from Amazon with a place of delivery outside the European Union, you may be required to pay import duties and taxes, which are imposed after the shipment reaches its destination.
You will also bear any additional costs for customs clearance beyond our control.
Customs policy across countries may vary considerably.
You should contact your local customs office for more information.
In addition, when placing an order with Amazon, you are treated as an importer and are required to complete all legal formalities in the country where you are receiving the products.
As a privacy-conscious customer, we inform our international customers that cross-border shipments can be opened and inspected by customs.
7 PLACING AN ORDERS IN THE 1-CLICK MODE
The 1-Click feature is the fastest and easiest way to securely order from Amazon.
If you are using a shared or shared computer, we strongly recommend that you turn off the 1-Click function while you are away from the device.
8 WARRANTY ON PRODUCTS SOLD BY AMAZON AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In addition to our 30-day return guarantee, under our warranty rights, you can request repair or replacement of goods purchased on Amazon if the goods are defective.
You also have the right to demand a reduction in the purchase price or to withdraw from the contract on the basis of applicable law.
Under the warranty, Amazon is liable for defects in products found within two years of their delivery.
If the replaced goods have been delivered to you as part of a supplementary service, you are obliged to return the goods originally delivered to you at our expense within 30 days.
Defective goods should be returned in accordance with the law.
Amazon reserves the right to claim damages in accordance with statutory provisions.
For used products, the warranty period is one year from delivery of the product.
Further information on the warranty conditions can be found in the return conditions.
We make every effort to maintain professional standards in the provision of services offered to our clients.
Nevertheless, we are not liable if our contractual obligations are delayed or breached, if the delay or breach is due to force majeure.
We use all means available to us to perform the services subject to these Terms of Sale.
In the event of using the website or concluding a sales contract between you and us, we are liable for foreseeable damages (normal consequences of actions or omissions).
In the field of cooperation with professionals (entrepreneurs), we are not responsible for loss of profits, loss of orders, loss of data or other indirect damages that neither party could have foreseen at the time of concluding the product sale agreement between us.
The above-mentioned limitation of liability does not apply in the event of fraud or gross negligence on our part, in a situation where there has been personal injury, and in relation to liability arising from defective products, as well as in the event of legal seizure of the products and their non-compliance. with specification (including hidden defects).
9 APPLICABLE LAW
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and the application of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly excluded.
Both parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the District of Luxembourg City, which means that in order to assert your rights under consumer protection law under these Terms of Sale, you can bring an action in a court in Luxembourg or in the EU country where you live.
10 CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SALE
We reserve the right to make changes to the content of our website as well as our terms and conditions, including these Terms of Sale, at any time.
You will be bound by the terms and conditions, including the Terms of Sale, as in force at the time you place your order for the products, unless a change to the terms, conditions or these Terms of Sale is required by law or by competent authorities (in which case the change may also apply to orders placed by you at an earlier date).
If any provision of these Terms of Sale is found to be invalid, ineffective or unenforceable for any reason, it shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
11 WAIVER
In the event that we fail to act in response to your breach of these Terms of Sale, we retain the right to exercise all our rights and remedies in the event of any other breach of these Terms of Sale by you.
12 MINORS
The products we sell are not intended for purchase by minors.
The children's products we sell are intended for purchase by adults.
Persons under the age of 18 may use the Amazon.pl website only under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
13 OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Our contact details are as follows:
Amazon EU SARL,
Limited Liability Company
38 Avenue John F.
Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: 125.
000 EUR
Entity registered in Luxembourg
Entered in the Luxembourg Commercial Register (RCS) under number: B-101818
Business license no: 134248
Luxembourg VAT number: LU 20260743.
Registered domestic branch:
AMAZON EU SARL SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ BRANCH IN POLAND
ul.
Towarowa 28
00-839 Warsaw
Entered in the register of entrepreneurs kept by the District Court for the capital city of
St.
Warsaw in Warsaw, XII Commercial Division under the number KRS 0000827545
NIP 1080023913
The person representing the foreign entrepreneur in the branch: Jakub Stefański
Was this information helpful?
So
Not
‹All Help topics
Legal information
Terms of Service and Terms of Sale of Amazon.pl
Amazon.pl privacy notice
Non-exhaustive list of Amazon patents and licensed patents
How we provide services electronically
Quick fixes
Your orders
Your orders
Track or cancel orders
Product and cost returns
Product and cost returns
Return or exchange products
Payment settings
Payment settings
Add or change payment methods
Account settings
Account settings
Change your login details or address
Prime
Prime
contact us
