https://www.booking.com/content/terms.pl.html?aid=356980&label=gog235jc-1FCBQoggJCBXRlcm1zSDNYA2hxiAEBmAEJuAEHyAEP2AEB6AEB-AEMiAIBqAIDuAKf0rCABsACAdICJDg0NTJlNGY2LTlhYTMtNDZkYS05OTg1LWVmMTA5NjczNzI0MdgCBuACAQ&sid=fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61&tmpl=docs%2Fterms-and-conditions&lang=pl&soz=1&lang_click=other;cdl=de;lang_changed=1
2021-01-23 14:58:24
Terms of Business
Table of Contents
Code of good practice
Introduction to the Commercial Terms
Terms of Business:
Definitions
Scope and nature of services
Prices, crossed out prices, lowest price guarantee and Genius program
Privacy and cookies
No fees for customers - only Travel Providers pay
Credit card or bank transfer
Prepayments, cancellations, no-shows and other important rules
(Further) correspondence
Ranking, preferred program, stars and guest reviews
Disclaimer
Intellectual Property Rights
Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Dispute Resolution
About Booking.com and cooperating companies
Code of good practice
Our mission is to help people discover the world by offering them the best facilities as well as places and attractions to explore in the most convenient way possible.
To achieve this goal, we will be guided in our actions by the following good practices:
We care about the customer: we offer our Platform and customer service in over 40 languages.
We actively help in discovering the world: we offer over 1.5 million facilities of every standard, depending on various travel needs, from hotel, through motels, hostels, B&B facilities ...
wherever our clients want to go.
We actively help in discovering attractions and other products of Travel Providers.
We support each payment regarding the fee (entrance fee), purchase or rental of any Tourism Product and travel service for which our payment system is used.
We help our clients: Our customer service is available in over 40 languages ​​and works 24/7, 365 days a year.
We analyze the needs of our clients: our Platform is designed to meet the expectations of users and be as comfortable as possible to use.
We listen to the advice of our clients: we provide unchanged opinions (guests who actually stayed).
We offer a content-rich, user-friendly website and guarantee the best prices available.
We equalize prices
Introduction to the Commercial Terms
The following terms and conditions, which may be changed from time to time, apply to all our services, which are available directly or indirectly (through our distributors) online, by email or by phone.
By accessing, searching and using our (mobile) website or any application and / or making a reservation through any of the platforms (collectively, the "Platform"), you confirm that you have read, understood and accepted the following terms and conditions (including privacy statement).
The websites, their content and infrastructure, as well as the online booking system for facilities (including support for payment for the service) available on these websites and through our website are owned, managed and provided by Booking.com B.
V.
and are provided solely for your personal, non-commercial (B2C) use in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below.
Cooperation with Travel Providers is governed by separate terms and conditions relating to commercial (B2B) cooperation with each of the Travel Providers.
Each Travel Provider acts in a professional manner in relation to Booking.com, making its product / service available through Booking.com (both in the case of commercial (B2B) and individual (B2C) cooperation).
Trip Providers may have, publish, and / or require you to accept their own - in addition to the rules and important information set out on our site - terms and conditions (relating to delivery or use) or the facility's rules of use, access or realization of the Travel Product (which may include a disclaimer or limitation of liability).
Definitions
"Booking.com", "us", "we" or "our" means Booking.com B.
V.,
a limited liability company, established in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands, with its registered office at: Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. "
Platform "means the (mobile) website and application through which the Travel Service is made available and owned, controlled, managed, maintained and / or hosted by Booking.com. "
Travel Product "means the various products and services that may be ordered, acquired, purchased, paid for, rented, delivered, booked, combined and consumed by the customer from a Travel Provider.
"Trip Provider" means an accommodation provider (e.g.
hotels, motels, apartments, B&B, owner), attractions (e.g.
theme parks, museums, sightseeing), transport (e.g.
car rental, cruises, coach trips, transfers), tour operators, travel insurance and any other travel-related products and services that are made available from time to time for the Booking of travel services on the Platform (B2B or B2C).
"Travel Service" means the purchase, order, (assisted) payment or online booking service of various products or services offered or made available by Booking.com that the Trip Providers make available on the Platform from time to time.
"Reservation of Travel Services" means the order, purchase, payment for or reservation of a Travel Product.
1.
Scope and nature of services
Through the Platform, we (the company Booking.com B.
V.
and its Affiliate Partners and distributors) we provide an online platform through which Travel Providers, in accordance with the nature of the business, i.e.
B2C or B2B, they can advertise, introduce, sell, promote and / or offer (if applicable) their products and services to be ordered, purchased, booked, rented and through which people visiting the platform can discover, search, compare and book them, purchase or payment, i.e.
Tourist service.
When using the Tourist Service (eg.
by making a Booking of a Tourist Service through the Tourist Service), you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the Tourist Service Provider with whom you book or purchase a product or service, respectively.
From the moment you make a Trip Reservation, we only act as an intermediary between you and the Trip Provider, communicating relevant information regarding your Trip Reservation to the relevant Trip Provider and sending you a confirmation email on behalf of that Trip Provider. .
Booking.com does not (re) sell, rent or offer any (travel related) products or services.
When providing our Travel Services, we present information that we have received from the Travel Providers.
Travel service providers who introduce and promote a Travel Product on the Platform have access to our systems and Extranet, through which they are required to update all prices / fees, availability, terms and conditions and other relevant information that appear on our Platform.
Whilst we endeavor to provide our Travel Services professionally and with the utmost care, we are unable to verify or guarantee that all information provided to us is accurate, complete and correct.
We also cannot be held responsible for any errors (including factual and linguistic errors) and for any interruptions (temporary and / or partial) in the operation of our platform related to the failure, repair, update or maintenance of our platform, for inaccurate, misleading or false information and for the lack of it.
Each Trip Provider remains responsible at all times for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the (descriptive) information (including prices / fees, terms and conditions and availability) displayed on our platform.
Our Platform does not constitute and should not be construed as a recommendation or indication of the quality, service level, rating (star) or accommodation option of any of our Trip Providers (or its facilities, facilities, vehicles, (primary or additional) products or services) available on our Platform, unless expressly stated otherwise.
Our Travel Services are available for personal and non-commercial use only.
Consequently, you are not entitled to resell the content of our pages, to embed, use, copy or use any deep-link to these pages on your pages, to display, download and distribute any content or information, software, reservations, tickets, products or services available on our Platform for any commercial or competitive purposes and activities.
2.
Prices, crossed out prices, lowest price guarantee and Genius program
The prices offered by Trip Providers on our Platform are highly competitive.
All prices for the Tourist Product include VAT / sales tax and all other taxes (subject to any changes to the above-mentioned taxes) and fees, unless otherwise stated on our Platform or in the confirmation email / ticket.
Ticket prices are per person or group and are subject to the period of validity indicated on the ticket (if applicable).
The travel service provider is entitled to charge applicable fees and taxes (including tourist / city tax) in the event of no-show or cancellation.
Occasionally, lower prices are available on our Platform for a specific stay, product or service, however, the prices offered by Trip Providers may have special conditions and restrictions regarding, for example, non-cancellation and refunds.
Please check the description of a given product, service and booking conditions in detail in terms of the above-mentioned issues before booking.
We want you to pay the lowest possible price for your chosen product or service.
If, after booking an accommodation in a selected facility on our Platform, you find on the Internet, under the same conditions, the same accommodation in the same facility at a lower price, we will adjust our price, compensating the difference between our price and the lower price in accordance with the terms of the " We equalize prices. "
This policy does not apply to non-accommodation related products and services.
The currency converter available on our website is for informational purposes only and should not be considered reliable or accurate.
Actual prices may differ from those calculated by the currency converter on our site.
Obvious errors (including typos) are not binding.
All special offers and promotions are clearly marked.
If they are not clearly marked, you cannot claim your rights in case of obvious inaccuracies or mistakes.
Program Genius
The Genius Price is a discounted price on participating properties and is offered for certain room / property types.
The Genius price is for members of the Booking.com Genius program.
The Genius program is available to anyone with an account on the platform.
There are no membership fees.
Two (2) stays within two (2) years are sufficient to become a member.
Genius membership and prices are per member and are not transferable.
Membership may also be associated with certain campaigns or promotions, run and announced by Booking.com from time to time in its sole discretion.
The Genius program currently offers two (2) membership tiers based on the number of bookings made on the Booking.com platform, with each tier offering different discounts on selected properties and / or select options (10% or 15%).
Membership tiers may vary and are subject to change at Booking.com's sole discretion.
Booking.com reserves the right to revoke and cancel Genius membership for anyone found to be in breach, such as failing to comply with these terms and / or using invalid credit cards.
In addition, Booking.com reserves the right to revoke and cancel Genius membership for any person who engages in abusive behavior such as violence, threats, harassment, discrimination, obscene behavior or fraud against Booking.com (or its employees and representatives) and / or facilities (or their employees and representatives).
The Genius Fare may not be combined or applied with other discounts (unless agreed to by the property or otherwise stated).
Booking.com may for any reason, without notice and at its sole discretion, make (partial) changes, limitations or modifications to the Genius program structure or any other program functionality (including, but not limited to,
in the user's Genius level (s) or their status).
Membership in the Genius program is tied to your account on Booking.com and will not expire or otherwise be terminated unless you terminate it, close it, delete it, or otherwise deactivate it.
Booking.com also reserves the right to "unregister" or disable an otherwise inactive account without notifying the user.
An inactive account is defined as an account that has not been booked for more than five (5) years.
If your account is disabled, you will no longer be eligible for Genius benefits.
You can reactivate your account by making an eligible booking through your Booking.com account.
Affiliate offer
Booking.com may show listings that are not provided directly by Trip Providers but are offered by a Booking.com partner company, e.g.
via another platform (Partner offer).
Partner offers will be clearly marked and distinguished from other regular offers directly from Travel Providers and will be subject to the special conditions set out below, unless otherwise stated on our Platform:
Prices: as shown on our Platform.
Advance payment: You will pay securely using Booking.com at the time of booking.
No changes: Once you have made a booking, you won't be able to make any changes to your personal details or your booking details.
Requests for change may be made directly to the property, but there is no guarantee that they will be accepted.
Prohibition of combining with other offers: other promotions, discounts and rewards do not apply to such booking.
No guest reviews: It is not possible to leave a review on our Platform.
3.
Privacy and cookies
Booking.com respects your privacy.
See our privacy policy and cookie policy for more information.
4.
No fees for customers - only Travel Providers pay
Unless otherwise stated, our services are free for customers because, unlike many other entities, we do not charge for our Travel Services, nor do we add any additional fees (for booking) to the price.
You will pay the Trip Providers the applicable amount as stated in the Trip Reservation (as well as applicable taxes, fees and charges, unless included in the price (if applicable)).
Trip providers pay Booking.com a commission (a small percentage of the product's price (e.g.
room price)) after the customer has used the Trip Provider's service or product (e.g.
after the guest has completed (and paid) for their stay).
Travel service providers can raise their ranking by increasing the amount of commission paid (increased visibility).
Increasing visibility (by paying a higher commission in exchange for a better ranking) is at the discretion of the Trip Provider and can be used in different situations and for different products.
The ranking algorithm will take into account the increase in commission when determining the default ranking.
Preferred Affiliates pay a higher commission in exchange for a higher ranking.
Only those Trip Providers who have a commercial relationship with Booking.com (contractual) will be visible on the Platform (for B2B and / or B2C promotion of their product).
Booking.com is not an open platform (like Amazon or eBay) where users can offer products (no C2C platform); Booking.com does not allow non-business entities to sell their products on or through Booking.com.
5.
Credit card or bank transfer
Where applicable and applicable, some Trip Providers offer the option to book Travel Services for which payment (either in full or in part, as per the payment rules of the Travel Provider in question) is made directly to the Travel Provider at the time of booking. booking travel services using secure online payment methods (to the extent offered by the bank of the person making the payment).
For certain products and services, Booking.com supports (via a third party payment processor) payment for the relevant products or services (i.e.
offers a payment assistance service) to and on behalf of a Trip Provider (Booking.com is never acting or acting as a registered seller)
Payment is securely made directly from your credit / debit card or bank account and transferred to the accommodation provider's account via a third party payment processor.
Any payments we assist on behalf of and on behalf of a Trip Provider will in any event constitute payment (or part of it) of the booking price of the relevant product or service in the final settlement (bevrijdende betaling) of such (or part of) due price and you may not for a refund of such deposited funds.
For certain (non-refundable) rates or special offers, Trip Providers may require you to pay in advance by bank transfer (if applicable) or by credit card, so your credit card may be pre-authorized or charged (sometimes non-refundable) at the time of making a Trip Reservation.
Please check the product or service (booking) details carefully for such conditions before making a Travel Booking.
Booking.com is not responsible for any (authorized, (alleged) unauthorized or improper) charge by the Trip Provider nor will it recover any amount paid to the Trip Provider (including prepayment, no-shows or chargeable cancellations) by credit card.
In the event of credit card fraud or its unauthorized use by a third party, most banks and card companies are responsible for the risk and bear the cost of fraud or misuse, which can sometimes be deducted (usually approx.
EUR 50 or their equivalent in local currency).
In the event that a bank or credit card company deducts an amount after an unauthorized transaction has been entered into through our Platform due to a booking made by it, we will incur the amount of the amount deducted by the bank up to the amount of EUR 50 (or local currency equivalent).
To obtain a compensation for losses suffered, you must report the fraudulent activity to the credit card issuer (as per policies and procedures) and contact us immediately.
Provide us with evidence of such a burden (e.g.
excerpt from the regulations of the credit card company).
Compensation is only available for bookings made by credit card and made through a secured Booking.com server and the unauthorized transaction was concluded as a result of our negligence or an error in using our secured server.
6.
Prepayments, cancellations, no-shows and other important rules
By booking Travel Services with a Travel Provider, you accept the cancellation and no-show terms and conditions set out by that Travel Provider, and any additional (commercial) terms (including additional important rules as set out by the Travel Provider and made available in fine print) on our Platform and the Travel Provider's applicable house rules) that may apply to your booking or stay, as well as the services provided and / or products offered by the property (you can obtain the property's business terms and conditions directly from the property).
The general cancellation and no-show rules applicable to each Travel Provider are available on our Platform in the section with information about the Travel Provider, in the travel booking process and in the booking confirmation email or other document (if applicable) .
Please note that for some prices or special offers, bookings for travel services cannot be changed or canceled.
The applicable city tax / tourist tax may be collected by the Trip Provider even if the booking is canceled or the Guest fails to show up at the property.
Please check the details (booking) of the selected product or service carefully before booking travel services, whether such rules do not apply.
A reservation for which an advance payment or a (full or partial) prepayment is required may be canceled (without a payment request or prior notice) if the due (remaining) amount for the reservation cannot be charged in full within the agreed payment date, in accordance with the Booking Provider's applicable payment rules.
Cancellation and prepayment policies may vary depending on the room category.
Please read the important small print information (located under the room category list at the bottom of the Trip Provider's page on our Platform) and the details on your booking confirmation carefully to ensure that no additional rules apply to the Travel Provider concerned ( e.g.
regarding the minimum age of guests, the deposit to cover any damages, surcharges for group bookings, no cancellation possible, extra beds, no free breakfast, pets, credit cards accepted).
The Guest is responsible for late payment, entering incorrect bank, credit or debit card details, invalid credit / debit card or insufficient funds on the card, and such situations do not entitle the Guest to refund any prepaid (non-refundable) amount, unless the travel provider agrees or the refund is in accordance with the property's prepayment / payment and cancellation policies.
If you want to check, correct or cancel your Travel Services Reservation, you can do so in accordance with the instructions in the email confirming your Travel Services Reservation.
Please note that depending on the Cancellation / No-Show Cancellation Policy of the respective Travel Provider, cancellation may incur additional charges or you may not be entitled to a refund.
Before booking, we suggest that you read the property's cancellation, prepayment / payment and no-show policies in detail.
It is also important that you remember to make your payments on time, within the time limits applicable to your booking.
If you know that your arrival will be delayed on the day of check-in, or that you will not arrive until the next day, please inform the Trip Provider so that they know when to expect you, cancel your booking, or charge you a no-show.
If you need help in contacting a Trip Provider, you can use the services of our customer service department.
Booking.com is not responsible for any consequences of delayed arrival or related cancellations or fees charged by the Trip Provider.
7. (
Further) correspondence
By making a Reservation for Travel Services, you consent to the e-mail being sent to you shortly before the date of your arrival at the property.
This message will contain information about the purpose of your trip, as well as other types of offers and information related to your Trip Reservation and the purpose of the trip (including third party offers to the extent previously selected by you).
You also consent to us being sent (ii) an email upon arrival asking you to rate the Trip Provider and the Travel Service, and (iii) the email that you will receive at the end of your stay at the property.
This email will ask you to provide feedback on the property.
For information on other possible forms of contact with you, please see our privacy policy and cookie policy.
Booking.com is not responsible for any correspondence with the Trip Provider on or through its platform.
You may not assert any rights on the basis of any request to the Trip Provider, correspondence with the property or confirmation of receipt of any correspondence or request (in any form).
Booking.com cannot guarantee that any request or correspondence will be (duly and in a timely manner) delivered, read or fulfilled by the Trip Provider, or that its terms will be fulfilled or fulfilled.
A valid e-mail address must be provided in order to complete and guarantee your Trip Reservation.
We are not responsible for incorrect or incorrectly entered e-mail addresses (and we are under no obligation to verify them), or for incorrect (mobile) or credit card numbers.
Any claims or complaints against Booking.com or regarding the Travel Service should be made immediately, and always no later than 30 days from the agreed date of use of the product or service (e.g.
check-out date).
Claims or complaints that are submitted after the 30-day period may be rejected and the person making such claim or complaint must waive any compensation (for damages or costs incurred).
Due to constant updates and adjustments to prices and availability, we strongly suggest that you keep the screenshots when making your booking so that you have material confirming your position when needed.
Information for customers (from the European Economic Area): we advise you to first inform us of any complaints via our customer service department.
If the problem remains unresolved, you can use the European Commission's Online Dispute Resolution platform.
This platform can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
8.
Ranking, preferred program, stars and guest reviews
Our goal is to display relevant search results by creating a personalized, default Trip Provider ranking on our Platform.
It can be scrolled, filtered, and sorted by alternative ranking orders, and thus be able to influence the presentation of the search results to obtain a ranking order based on other criteria.
We use many algorithms to generate default ranking results and the process is constantly evolving.
Booking.com has identified the following parameters that are most closely related to the user's finding of a suitable Trip Provider and thus prioritizes them in the algorithms (main parameters): personal search history of the user, "clicks" rate from the search page to the Trip Provider's website ( "CTR"), the number of bookings in relation to the number of visits to the Website of the Trip Provider on the Platform ("Conversion"), gross value (including cancellations) and net value (excluding cancellations) of the Trip Provider's bookings.
Various (independent) factors may affect Conversion and CTR, including property rating (both aggregate score and its components), availability, policies, (competitive) pricing, content quality, and some of the Trip Provider's features.
The percentage of commission paid by the Trip Provider or other benefits we obtain (e.g.
as a result of commercial arrangements with the Trip Provider or strategic partners) may also affect the Default Ranking, as well as the Trip Provider's timely payment data.
The Trip Provider may also influence its ranking by participating in certain programs - with temporary changes - such as the Genius Program, Special Offers, Preferred Partner Program and Visibility Booster (in the latter two cases, the Trip Provider pays us a higher commission).
The property's star rating displayed on Booking.com is not provided by Booking.com.
The property assigns a star rating to itself or is provided by an independent third party (objectively) star rating.
Offers are displayed according to the number of stars (low to high or high to low) that providers provide to Booking.com.
Depending on (local) regulations and possibilities, the star rating is either awarded by an (independent) third party, such as an (official) hotel rating organization, or based on the opinions of accommodation providers, irrespective of objective criteria.
Booking.com does not have a formal star rating and does not verify it.
The star rating reflects how a property performs against legal requirements (if applicable) or, if no regulations are in force, against (accepted) market or industry standards for aspects such as price, amenities and available services (these requirements and standards may may vary by country and organization).
To help customers find the right property to meet their travel preferences, Booking.com may assign a Quality Rating, which is determined by Booking.com and displayed next to the properties selected as a yellow tile.
To define a comparable set of criteria, the quality rating is based on many (over 400) characteristics that can be broken down into 5 main categories: (i) amenities / services offered by the property on Booking.com, (ii) property layout, i.e.
size of the accommodation option, number of available rooms and guests the property can accommodate, (iii) number and quality of photos uploaded by the property, (iv) average property rating and detailed ratings, e.g.
for cleanliness, which is particularly helpful for guests in assessing the quality of facilities; and (v) collected anonymous historical data (e.g.
to evaluate the number of stars given to properties).
We use these functions to derive formulas based on statistics.
Based on these inputs, a machine learning analysis is performed whereby a quality rating (between 1-5, displayed with 1-5 yellow tiles next to the feature name) is automatically calculated and given to the feature.
Only guests who have stayed at the property will be asked by Booking.com to provide feedback on their stay at the property and rate it for specific aspects of their stay, or will be asked to provide feedback during their stay.
The completed Guest review (including the rating given during the stay) may be (a) uploaded to the Tourism Provider's relevant site information page for the sole purpose of informing (future) customers of your views on the (level of) service and quality of the Tourism Provider, and also (b) (in whole or in part) used at Booking.com's discretion (for marketing, promotional or service improvement purposes) and posted on our platform or social media platforms, in newsletters, special promotions, apps or through other news feeds owned, managed, used or controlled by Booking.com.
In order to offer and maintain the latest (and therefore the most up-to-date) reviews, they can be added for a specified period (3 months) after the stay, and each review will be available for a specified period (36 months) from the date of its publication.
The default rating of reviews is displayed by the date the review was added and against several additional criteria (such as the language in which the review was written or comments on the review), while reviews of users who [always] submit detailed reviews (called "Reporters") be placed at the top of the ranking.
You can choose between different rankings and filters (e.g.
sorting by type of customers, date, language of opinion or rating).
Booking.com allows Trip Providers to respond to feedback.
We reserve the right to correct, reject or delete reviews without giving any reason if they violate our review policy.
Booking.com does not provide customers with any additional benefits for submitting a review.
The survey should be viewed as a questionnaire and does not contain any (further) offers or invitations of any kind.
Booking.com will use its best efforts to monitor and remove reviews that contain vulgar words, personal data or information about stolen goods.
Booking.com does not accept reviews:
that contain vulgar, sexual and hate speech, that are discriminatory, that contain threats or that use violence
Invoking names and surnames, containing personal attacks towards the facility's operation
Incitement to illegal activities (such as drugs or prostitution)
Providing website addresses, email address, telephone numbers, credit card details
Containing references to the political situation
Both Booking.com and the Travel Provider have the right to terminate the cooperation for any reason (including breach of contract or bankruptcy) with due observance of the notice period agreed by both parties.
9.
Disclaimer
Subject to the limitations contained in these terms and conditions, as well as in accordance with applicable law, we are only responsible for direct damages actually incurred by you due to our failure to perform our obligation to provide services, and the total amount of which is equal to the total cost Your booking as shown in the confirmation email for Booking of travel services (regardless of whether it was a one-time or a recurring situation)
However, to the extent permitted by law, neither we, nor any of our representatives, directors, employees, officers, agents, affiliates, distributors, licensees, agents, or any other entity involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or any other way of making the website and its content available shall not be liable for (i) any retaliatory, exceptional, direct or indirect damage and loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, total damage , (ii) any inaccuracies related to the (descriptive) information (including prices, availability and classification) that the Trip Provider has made available on our Platform, (iii) the services and products offered by the Trip Provider or other business partners, (iv ) any incurred by you (direct, indirect days or retaliation) damages, losses or costs consistent with, arising from or related to the use, inability to use or delays on our platform, and for (v) any injury, death, property damage or other (direct, indirect, special or retaliatory) the damages, losses or costs you have suffered, regardless of whether they result from legal acts, errors, violations, gross negligence, culpable acts, omissions, failure to fulfill the terms of the contract, misrepresentation, torts of law made by or (in whole or in partially) attributed to the Trip Provider or other business partners (their employees, directors, agents, agents, representatives, subcontractors or affiliated companies) whose products or services are (directly or indirectly) made available, promoted or offered by the platform, including any ( partial) cancellation, overbooking (planned booking of more people than can accommodate the facility), a strike, force majeure or any event beyond our control.
Booking.com is not responsible (and disclaims all responsibility) for the use, correctness, quality, suitability and performance of the Travel Product, and makes no warranties, representations or conditions, whether implied, statutory or otherwise, including implied commercial warranties, of title. legal, guarantee of inviolability or suitability for a specific purpose.
You acknowledge and accept that the respective Trip Provider is solely responsible for the Tourist Product (including the warranties and representations provided by the Trip Provider).
Booking.com is not a distributor or reseller of the Travel Product.
Complaints and requests in relation to the Tourist Product (including with regard to the offered (special / promotional) price, policy or specific Customer requests) should be directed to the Trip Provider.
Booking.com is not responsible and disclaims any liability for such complaints and requests.
Regardless of whether the fee for the Tourist Product is charged (collected) directly by the Tourist Service Provider or we facilitate the payment process for the Tourist Product, the Tourist Service Provider is responsible for collecting, deducting, transferring or paying to the relevant authorities the taxes due. for a given room / reservation.
Booking.com is not responsible for the collection, deduction, remittance or payment to the authorities of the price and taxes due for the Tourist Product. (
Booking.com never works or functions as an official reseller.)
By adding photos / images on our system (for example, when adding a review), you represent and warrant that you own the copyright to those photos / images and that you consent to Booking.com using the photos / images you have added on the website (including its website). mobile version), in applications and in the content of promotional materials (online / offline) and publications to the extent that Booking.com deems appropriate.
You grant Booking.com a non-exclusive, global, irrevocable, unconditional and lifetime right and authority to use, reproduce, display, distribute, license, transmit and share these photos / images to the extent that Booking.com deems appropriate.
By adding these photos / images, you accept full legal and moral responsibility for any legal claims that are made by any third party (including but not limited to
property owners) as a result of the publication and use of these photos / images by Booking.com.
Booking.com does not own or be responsible for the photos / images you add.
Responsibility for the authenticity, authenticity and ownership of the added photo rests with the person who uploaded it, not with Booking.com.
Booking.com disclaims any responsibility for the images posted.
The person who uploaded the photo guarantees that it does not contain any viruses, Trojans or infected files, that its content is not pornographic, illegal, obscene, offensive or inappropriate, and does not infringe any third party rights (e.g.
intellectual property rights, copyright and privacy rights).
If a given photo / image does not meet the above-mentioned criteria, it will not be published or may be (permanently) deleted by Booking.com at any time without prior notice.
10.
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, the software necessary to provide our services and available and / or used on our platform, as well as all intellectual property rights (including copyright) in the content and information contained in materials on our platform, are owned by Booking.com B .
V.
and its Travel Service Providers.
Booking.com has exclusive rights (intellectual property) to (the appearance and solutions on the platform, including infrastructure) of the platform on which the services are made available (as well as guest reviews and translated website content) and prohibits copying, using parts of the website, sharing (hyper ) links and deep links, publish, promote, sell or otherwise use any content from the site (including guest reviews and translated site content) without express written consent.
In the event that you (partially or fully) use the (translated) content (including guest reviews) or you own any intellectual property rights to a portion of the platform, the (translated) content or the opinion, all these rights are transferred to Booking.com.
Unlawful use of parts of the site or any of the activities described above constitute a material violation of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database rights).
11.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Dispute Resolution
To the extent prescribed by applicable law, the following terms and conditions, as well as the services we provide, are governed by the laws of the Netherlands.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a natural person who uses our services for a purpose that can be considered unrelated to his professional activity (hereinafter referred to as the "client"), may also refer to the applicable law in the country of his permanent residence (i.e.
rules which, according to the principle of choice of applicable law, apply independently of the choice of law clause; hereinafter referred to as the "Applicable Regulations").
All disputes arising from these terms and conditions, as well as in connection with the services we provide, will be settled exclusively by the court competent for the city of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Notwithstanding this jurisdiction clause, the client may also bring an action for the enforcement of applicable Applicable Laws in the court of his domicile, and proceedings against the client may only be brought in the court of his domicile.
Information for customers (from the European Economic Area): we advise you to first inform us of any complaints through our Customer Service department.
If the problem remains unresolved, you can use the European Commission's Online Dispute Resolution platform.
This platform can be found at: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
The original English version of the general terms and conditions may be translated into other languages.
The translation is performed by employees of the company, therefore you cannot claim any rights based on the translation of the terms and conditions.
In the event of any doubts regarding the content or interpretation of these terms and conditions, or in the event of inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any language version of these terms and conditions, the reference is always the English version, which is, to the extent prescribed by applicable law, final and decisive.
The English version of the terms and conditions is available on our platform (after selecting English).
It can also be sent to you upon prior written request.
If any of the terms or conditions is or becomes invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, you will continue to be bound by all other terms and conditions.
In such event, the invalid provision will nevertheless be fully enforced in accordance with applicable law, and you will at least agree to declare a similar provision invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, taking into account the content of the terms and conditions.
12.
About Booking.com and cooperating companies
The travel service is provided by Booking.com B.
V.,
a limited liability company, operating under Dutch law, with its registered office at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and registered with the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under number 31047344.
The number in the VAT tax record is NL805734958B01.
Booking.com is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and is supported by group affiliates ("partner companies") around the world.
The cooperating companies only provide support to Booking.com.
Some designated cooperating companies provide customer support services (by telephone only).
The cooperating companies do not own any platform (they do not control, manage or maintain the Platform).
The cooperating companies are not authorized to provide the Travel Service, represent Booking.com or sign any contracts on behalf of, for and on behalf of Booking.com.
You have no (legal or contractual) connections with cooperating companies.
The cooperating companies are not authorized to act or act as a representative of Booking.com for deliveries.
Booking.com does not consider any office (including any partner companies) to be its headquarters other than its Amsterdam headquarters.
