Regulations
Welcome to Facebook!
For messaging, voice and video services, click here to see a contract summary and here the rest of the information required by the European Electronic Communications Code.
Facebook creates technologies and services that enable users to connect, build a community, and grow their business.
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of Facebook, Messenger and other products, functions, applications, services, technology and software we offer (hereinafter Facebook Products or Products), except where we expressly state that separate provisions apply ( and not these Regulations).
These products are provided to users of Facebook Ireland Limited.
We do not charge for the use of Facebook or other products and services covered by these Terms and Conditions.
Instead, companies and organizations pay us to serve ads for their products and services.
By using our Products, you consent to showing you advertisements that we believe will be of interest to you.
We use your personal data to determine which ads to show you.
We do not sell user personal information to advertisers, or provide advertisers with information that allows users to be directly identified (such as name, email address or other contact details) without the express consent of the users.
Instead, advertisers can tell us what type of audience they want to show their ads to, and we'll show those ads to people who may be interested in them.
We provide advertisers with ad performance reports that help them understand how their audience is responding to their content.
See section 2 below for more information.
Our Data Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information to determine certain advertisements that users view and how we provide all of the other services described below.
The user may also go to the settings at any time to verify the options that can be selected in terms of how his data is used.
1.
The services we provide
Our mission is to empower people to build communities and bring them closer together.
As part of this mission, we provide users with the Products and services described below:
We give users the opportunity to use them in a personalized way: The user uses Facebook in a unique way: from posts, stories, events, advertisements and other content displayed in the News or on our video platform, to the pages followed and other functions from which the user can use, such as Most Popular, Marketplace, and Search.
We use the data we have - for example, about the contacts you make, the choices you make or the settings you choose, and the content you share and the actions you make in and out of our Products - to enable users to use them in a personalized way.
We connect users to the people and organizations they care about: We help users find and connect with the people, groups, companies, organizations and other users they care about on all the Facebook Products they use.
We use the data we have to give users and other suggestions - e.g.
identify groups they can join, events they can attend, pages they can follow or send messages to, shows they can watch or people they might want to socialize with.
Stronger connections create better communities, and we believe our services are most useful when users connect with the people, groups and organizations they care about.
We empower users to express their views and raise issues that are important to them: Facebook gives you many opportunities to express yourself and chat with friends, family and others about what matters to you - for example, by sharing status changes, photos, videos and relationships on all Facebook Products that you use, messaging friends, creating events or groups, or adding content to your profile.
We have also developed and are still developing new ways of using technology by users, e.g.
augmented reality or 360 videos to enable them to create and share more interesting and expressive content on Facebook.
We help users discover content, products and services that may be of interest to them: We show users ads, offers and other sponsored material to help them find content, products and services offered by the many companies and organizations that use Facebook and other Facebook Products.
We explain this in more detail in section 2 below.
We fight malicious activity and protect and support our community: Users only create a Facebook community when they feel safe.
We employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our Products, harm to others, and situations where we can help support or protect our community.
If we become aware of such content or activity, we will take appropriate steps - for example, we will offer assistance, remove content, block access to certain features, block an account, or notify law enforcement.
We share data with other Facebook companies in the event of misuse or harmful activity by a person using one of our Products.
We use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services to everyone: We use and develop advanced technologies - such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality - so that users can safely use our Products regardless of physical capabilities or geography.
Such technologies help, for example,
people with visual impairments find out what or who is in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram.
We also create extensive networks and communication technologies to enable more people to connect to the Internet in places with limited coverage.
We also develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remedy unsafe and non-violent activities that may harm our community and the integrity of our Products.
We Explore Opportunities to Improve Our Services: We conduct research to develop, test and improve our Products.
This includes analyzing the data we have about our users and understanding how users use the Products data, for example by conducting analysis and testing, and troubleshooting new features.
Our Data Principles explain how we use data to support this research to develop and improve our services.
We provide consistent and efficient ways to use Facebook's Business Products: Our Products help users find and connect with people, groups, companies, organizations and other users who are relevant to them.
We create our systems so that the way they are operated is consistent and efficient in various Facebook company products that the user uses.
For example, we use data about people you are interested in on Facebook to make it easier for you to contact them on Instagram or Messenger, and we enable users to communicate with the company you follow on Facebook via Messenger.
We enable global access to our services: In order for us to operate our website on a global scale, it is necessary to store and distribute content and data in data centers and systems around the world, including outside the user's country of residence.
Such infrastructure is operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc.,
Facebook Ireland Limited or their affiliates.
2.
The method of financing our services
Instead of paying for the use of Facebook and other products and services we offer, by using Facebook products covered by these Terms and Conditions, you consent to Facebook showing you advertisements for which companies and organizations pay us to promote on and outside of Facebook's Products. .
We use users' personal data, such as information about their activity and interests, in order to display advertisements that are more interesting to them.
The protection of the privacy of website users is a key element of the functioning of our advertising system.
This allows us to show you relevant and useful ads without sharing information with advertisers about them.
We do not sell users' personal data.
We allow advertisers to provide us with information such as their business purpose and the type of audience they want to show their ads to (for example, people aged 18-35 who enjoy cycling).
Then we show their ad to people who may be interested in it.
We also provide advertisers with ad performance reports to help them see how their audience is responding to their content on and off Facebook.
For example, we provide advertisers with general demographic and interest information (for example, that an ad was displayed by a woman between 25 and 34 years old who lives in Madrid and has an interest in IT) to help them understand their audience.
We do not share information that allows you to directly identify you (such as your name or email address that allows you to contact you or identify who you are) without your express consent.
Find out more about how Facebook ads work here.
We collect and use personal information about users to provide them with the services described above.
For more information on how we collect and use your data, please see the Data Policy.
You have control over the types of ads and advertisers you see, as well as the information we use to select ads for you.
More information.
3.
Your obligations to Facebook and our community
We provide these services to you and others as part of our mission statement.
In return, the user undertakes the following obligations:
Who Can Use Facebook
Our community is safer and more responsible when real people are behind comments and actions.
That is why we require our users to:
using the name and surname they use every day;
provide accurate information about yourself;
creating only one account (your own) and using the timeline for your own purposes;
not sharing your password, not allowing others to use your own Facebook account, and not transferring your own Facebook account to another person (without our consent).
We're trying to make Facebook accessible to everyone, but can't use it:
persons under the age of 13;
persons convicted of sexual crimes;
people whose account was previously blocked due to a breach of our terms or policies;
Persons prohibited from receiving our products, services or software under applicable law.
What you can share and do on Facebook
We want users to use Facebook to express themselves and share content that matters to them, but not at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of the community.
Therefore, the user undertakes not to engage in the activities described below (nor to facilitate or support others in taking such activities):
You may not use our products to perform activities or share content that:
violate these Regulations, Community Standards and other regulations and rules applicable to the user's use of Facebook;
are unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent;
infringe the rights of another person, including their intellectual property rights.
You may not send viruses or malicious code, or take any action that could block, overload or interfere with the proper functioning or appearance of our products.
You may not access or collect data from our products by automated means (without our prior consent) or attempt to access data for which you have not obtained consent to access.
We may remove or block content that violates the above provisions.
If we remove user-contributed content due to a breach of Facebook's Community Standards, we will notify you and let you know what options you can request for a further review, unless you commit a serious and persistent breach of these Terms, or such conduct could expose us or others to liability. legal, harm our user community, or threaten or prejudice the integrity or operation of any of our services, systems or products where we have technical limitations or are legally prohibited to do so.
As part of supporting our community, we encourage users to report content or behavior that users believe violates their rights (including intellectual property rights) or our terms and policies.
We may also remove or restrict access to your content, services or information as we deem necessary to avoid legal consequences from Facebook.
Permissions granted to us by users
Consent to use content created and shared by the user:
Some of the content you share or transmit, e.g.
photos or videos may be protected by intellectual property rights.
You have the intellectual property rights (copyrights or trademarks) in any content you create or share on Facebook or other Facebook Products you use.
Nothing in these Regulations deprives the user of the rights to his own content.
You can share your content with anyone at any time.
However, in order for us to provide our services, we need certain legal permission (hereinafter "license") from you to use this content.
This is for the sole purpose of providing and improving our Products and services as described in section 1 above.
Especially when sharing, publishing or transmitting content covered by intellectual property rights in or in connection with our Products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable license, including the right to sublicense, free of charge and worldwide, to use, use, distribute, modify, run, copy , publicly playing or displaying it, translating its content and creating derivative works based on it (according to the privacy and application settings selected by the user).
This means, for example, that by sharing a photo on Facebook, you give us permission to store, copy and share it with other users (in this case also according to your account settings), e.g.
service providers operating our website or other Facebook products used by the user.
The license will terminate when we remove your content from our systems.
You can remove individual content items or all content at once by deleting your account.
More information on deleting an account.
Before deleting your account, you can download a copy of your data at any time.
Once removed, the content will no longer be visible to other users, but may still be present elsewhere on our systems if:
it is not possible to remove it immediately due to technical limitations (in which case the content will be removed at the latest within 90 days of its removal by the user);
your content has been used by others in accordance with the license and they have not removed it (in which case the license is valid until the content is removed); or
immediate removal of the content would limit our ability to:
investigate and find illegal activity or violation of our policies and policies (for example, finding or investigating misuse of our products or systems);
fulfilling a legal obligation, such as keeping evidence; or
compliance with a request of a judicial or administrative authority, law enforcement authority or public administration;
in which case the content will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was retained (the exact duration will be determined individually).
In any of the above cases, the license will remain in effect until the content is completely removed.
Consent to use the user's name and surname, his profile photo and information about the actions taken in relation to advertisements and sponsored content: The user gives us consent to use his name and surname, profile photo and information about his actions on Facebook without any compensation. advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that we display on or in connection with our products.
For example, we may show friends of the user that he or she is interested in the event being advertised or they have liked a page created by the brand owner who paid us to display his ads on Facebook.
Such advertisements can only be viewed by people who have obtained the user's consent to display their activities on Facebook.
Learn more about ad settings and preferences.
Consent to update the software you use or download: If you download or use our software, you consent to us downloading and installing any available software updates.
Restrictions on the use of our intellectual property
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we own and make available in our products (for example, images, designs, videos or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share on Facebook), we retain all rights to that content. (but not to user content).
You may only use our copyrights or trademarks (or similar marks) if their use is explicitly authorized in our branding guidelines or our written permission.
Our written consent (or an open source license) is required to modify, derivative work, decompile or otherwise obtain the source code from us.
4.
Additional Provisions
Updating our Regulations
We are constantly improving our services and developing new features to offer our users and communities better Products.
As a result, we may update these Terms and Conditions from time to time so that they adequately reflect our services and practices.
We will only introduce changes if the provisions of the Regulations are no longer adequate or incomplete and only if the changes are justified for the user after taking into account his interests.
We will notify you (for example by e-mail or via our Products) of changes to these Terms and Conditions at least 30 days prior to their implementation and allow you to review them before they enter into force, unless such changes are required by law.
Once the updated Terms and Conditions become effective, they will be binding on you if you continue to use our Products.
We hope you will continue to use our Products; however, if he does not accept the updated Regulations and no longer wishes to belong to the Facebook community, he may delete his account at any time.
Suspension or closure of the account
We want Facebook to be a place where users feel good and can safely express themselves and share thoughts and ideas.
If we find that the user is in clear, serious or persistent breach of the provisions of these Regulations or our policies, including in particular our Community Standards, we may suspend or permanently block the user's access to his account.
We may also suspend or disable your account if you persistently infringe the intellectual property rights of others or we are under a legal obligation to do so.
If we take such action, we will notify you and tell you what options you have to request verification, unless doing so could expose us or others to legal liability, harm our user community, threaten or compromise the integrity or performance of any of our services. systems or Products where we are technically restricted or prohibited by law.
Learn more about what you can do if your account is blocked and how you can contact us if you think we have blocked your account by mistake.
If you delete your account or we close it, these Terms and Conditions will cease to apply as a contract between us and you, however the following provisions will remain in effect: 3.
3.
1, 4.
2-4.
5.
Limitation of Liability
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude our liability for death, personal injury or misrepresentation caused by our negligence, nor affect your statutory rights.
We will exercise due diligence in providing products and services to users and in maintaining a safe and trouble-free environment.
Assuming that we have exercised our due diligence, we are not liable for damages not caused by our breach of these Terms or our other action, for damages that the user and Facebook could not reasonably have foreseen at the time of accepting these Terms and Conditions, and for events beyond our reasonable control. .
Disputes
We try to establish clear rules to limit the number of disputes with users and possibly avoid them altogether.
However, if a dispute does arise, it is good to know immediately where it can be resolved and what rules will apply.
If you are a consumer and reside in a member state of the European Union, the laws of that member state will apply to any claim, action or dispute that you have with Facebook in relation to these Terms and Conditions or Facebook products ("claim"), and you may request that it be dealt with. Claims in any court with jurisdiction in that Member State having jurisdiction to rule on that claim.
In all other cases, you acknowledge that the claim will be resolved by a competent court in the Republic of Ireland and that Irish law governs these Terms and Conditions and that all claims are governed by its conflict of laws principles.
Other provisions
These Terms and Conditions (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Obligations) constitute the entire agreement between you and Facebook Ireland Limited with respect to your use of our Products.
It supersedes any prior agreement.
Some of the Products we offer are also subject to supplementary terms.
If you use such Products, you will have the opportunity to accept supplemental terms that will become part of our agreement with you.
For example, if you access or use our Products for commercial or business purposes, such as purchasing advertising, selling products, developing applications, managing your company's group or website, or using our measurement services, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions.
Posting or sharing content that includes music requires your acceptance of our Music Policy.
In the event of a conflict between any supplementary conditions and these Terms and Conditions, the supplementary conditions will apply to the extent to which the inconsistency relates.
If any provision of these Regulations is found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
The inability to enforce these Regulations is not considered a waiver of its provisions.
Any changes or deviations from these Regulations require a written form and our signature.
It is forbidden to transfer any of the rights or obligations under these Regulations to other persons without our consent.
The user may designate a person (known as the account manager) who will manage his account when it obtains the status "In memoriam".
Only the account manager or a person indicated by the user in a valid will or other document of this type, in which the user has expressly expressed his will to disclose the content in the event of his death or loss of capacity, may request the disclosure of content from a user account that has obtained the status "In memoriam" for legal actions.
These Regulations do not give any rights to third parties.
All our rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions may be freely transferred by us in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, or a legal or other action.
You acknowledge that we may change the username for your account under certain circumstances (for example, when another person claims rights to them or when the username turns out to be unrelated to the name you use on a daily basis).
If necessary, we will notify you in advance and explain the situation.
We always encourage users to submit feedback and other suggestions about our products and services.
However, please note that we may use them without any restrictions or obligation to pay remuneration to users, and we are not bound by any obligation to keep them confidential.
5.
Other terms and conditions that may apply to you
Community Standards: These are guidelines that describe our standards for user-posted content and activity on Facebook and other Facebook Products.
Commercial terms: These terms also apply when you access or use our Products for any commercial or business purpose, including advertising, operating applications on our platform, using our metering services, managing a group or company website. whether selling goods or services.
Facebook Ad Placement Policy: These policies define the types of advertising content allowed by partners advertising on Facebook Products.
Self-Service Ad System Terms of Use: These are terms for creating, sending, or delivering advertisements or other commercial or sponsored activities or content using the self-service advertising system.
Site, Group and Event Policy: These policies apply when you create or manage a Facebook page, group or event, or when you use Facebook to communicate or manage a promotion.
Facebook Platform Policies: These are guidelines that describe how users use our platform (e.g.
application developers on the platform or website operators or when using social plugins).
App Developer Payment Terms: These terms apply to app developers using Facebook's Payments service.
Community Payment Terms: These are the terms that apply to payments made on or through Facebook.
Commercial Rules: These are guidelines that describe the rules for users to offer products and services for sale on Facebook.
Facebook Brand Resource Center: These are guidelines that describe the use of Facebook trademarks, logos and screenshots.
Music Policy: This policy applies to the posting or sharing of music content on Facebook.
Live Streaming Policy: This policy applies to all content that is broadcast on Facebook Live.
EU, EEA and UK user communication service regulations: The messaging, voice and video service rules for Facebook Products can be found here and here in accordance with EU regulations.
Last updated: December 20, 2020
