Klarna Shopping Terms of Use
These terms and conditions constitute an Agreement between Klarna Bank AB (publ), including its foreign branches ("Klarna", "we", "us" or "our") and the user ("user" and "him") when using the services and features of Klarna described in these terms, which may be changed from time to time ("Service").
The user registers to use the Service and concludes a contract with Klarna by accepting these terms.
The User acknowledges that each use of the Service shall be deemed to constitute consent to the then-current version of these terms and conditions.
You can access the latest version of these terms and conditions at any time via the Klarna App or on our website.
You can also download the terms here.
Service description
For Klarna, shopping is not only about finding and paying for great things, but also about enjoying a fantastic shopping experience in your preferred store, the latest app and much more.
Simply put, it is about comfortable use of services both before and after the purchase.
These terms and conditions explain in more detail what this means.
Please note that additional terms and conditions may apply to a specific Payment Service if you choose to pay with one of Klarna's Payment Services.
User's account
By accepting the above conditions and using one of the available payment methods in the process of paying for the order to the seller or by downloading and logging in to the Klarna Application, you consent to the creation of a user account.
Autofill and preferences
In order for the shopping experience to be comfortable and without any problems, we remember certain information about the user and use it during the shopping process to automatically fill in various forms with the user's data.
Thanks to this, the user can save time and focus on things more important than constantly filling in the same information.
We explain in more detail how it works below.
Autofill when shopping with Klarna
When using Klarna's services for the first time, you may be asked to create a Klarna User Account to facilitate future interactions with Klarna.
We will store this information on our systems so that when you visit us again or use one of our Payment Services, you will only need to provide certain information to us.
We will process all personal data collected when creating a Klarna User Account in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
When we are able to identify you, we may automatically complete certain information about you during the purchase process, such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth and card details.
Autofill is based on information stored in your Klarna User Account.
An example of the use of autocomplete is making purchases directly from the Klarna App.
Klarna app
The Klarna app, available via an app or website, is an online shopping assistant that is the center of all Klarna shopping and all the other great features Klarna has to offer.
Using the Klarna App, you can pay for purchases, track shipments and much more.
Some of these functions are activated by downloading the application or logging in through a website, while others can be activated by the user after logging in.
Klarna wants to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and offer the possibility to search for a wide variety of stores on the Klarna App.
We may not have a commercial relationship with all stores displayed or searchable on the Klarna App.
In such cases, Klarna acts as an internet browser or search engine, thus redirecting you to the store's website.
The exact feature content may differ depending on the version of the Klarna App available in your country.
Klarna is constantly updating the Klarna App with new and improved features.
Here are some of the features we are most proud of:
Functions:
View your purchases and transactions with Klarna
Manage your payments
Easy interaction with Klarna
Examples of other features we can offer depending on the version available in your country:
Shopping-related services, such as search features, an overview of stores we think you will like, as well as personalized recommendations, offers and other content
Purchase with Klarna Payment Methods - even in stores that do not yet cooperate with Klarna
Track your order, delivery or shipment
Easy handling of returns and refunds
Review and manage personal finances
View and store transactions, purchases, receipts, photos and more
The carbon footprint of purchases
Viewing orders placed in shops or entities unrelated to Klarna
Create and share a collection of goods or services of your choice
An assistant that offers to help you fill in various information (such as Payment Method, card details, shipping address) with the help of autofill
Viewing your transactions with one of our subsidiaries Sofort GmbH, Billpay GmbH and Klarna Inc.
It will be possible only after registering for this purpose on the websites of subsidiaries.
Transaction data (such as e.g.
name, address, bank account number / IBAN, bank code / BIC, reason for payment, date and amount, order details) will then be forwarded to Klarna.
The user of the Klarna App may, at its sole discretion, upload, publish and share its content such as collections, photos and a nickname.
The user acknowledges that by sharing content, he makes it publicly available, which means that information about the user becomes available to other people and may be further used and shared by other people.
You may only upload, publish or make available such content for which you have the right to use it for these purposes and which do not violate any law, this Agreement, or the rights of third parties.
The user undertakes not to upload, publish or share illegal, fraudulent, offensive, threatening, violating the rights of others, abusive or criminal (such as incitement to hatred against ethnic groups, child pornography or unlawful images of violence) and not upload content that contains viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, adware, malware, or other harmful or malicious programs; not distribute unsolicited advertising (spam) or engage in any other form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, but is under no obligation, to monitor, view, adapt, deactivate or remove any content that violates this Agreement or the law without notifying you or third parties at its sole discretion.
The user is solely responsible for uploading, publishing and sharing the content and agrees to indemnify Klarna from any damages, losses and costs incurred as a result of uploading, publishing or sharing the content by the user, including any third party claims against Klarna.
View your purchase and transaction history
We save information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App.
As part of the Service provided under these terms and conditions, Klarna enables the user to display information about his purchases and transactions in the Klarna App.
To find out more about how Klarna uses this information and other information we hold about you, please see our Privacy Policy.
Offers and benefits
Klarna may present you with offers and benefits such as discounts, special events, early access to products, sales promotions, store offers, samples and gifts.
The offers and benefits you receive will be based on your previous actions, such as the number of purchases, purchase amounts or the use of Klarna's services and features.
Are there any costs related to the Service?
Unless expressly stated otherwise, this Service is free of charge.
Please note that interest and fees may apply when using other services offered by Klarna.
Therefore, please check the details of the Service you are using.
Improving the Service
We are constantly working to improve our Service to ensure even greater user comfort.
This may require changes to these terms and conditions.
In this case, you will be asked to accept the new terms before you can continue to use the Service.
Privacy and personal information
To the extent that your actions are related to the processing of information by us, e.g.
by uploading, publishing or sharing on the Klarna Application user data that indicate political or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health or sexual life data, etc. (
the so-called
special categories of personal data, in accordance with Regulation EU 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the user expressly consent to the processing of such data by us for the purpose of providing the Service.
In order to offer the Service, we must process your personal data - we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy to better understand how we process and protect your data.
Card payments
When making a purchase with Klarna, you can set up and use many different financing sources, including debit, credit or prepaid cards.
The source of financing will be saved on the Klarna User Account until it is changed or removed from the User Account or until the User Account is deleted.
By choosing to save your card details in Klarna, you authorize Klarna to debit this funding source if you use Klarna at a later time to make purchases.
The card will not be charged until the user makes the purchase.
If the default card funding source cannot be charged for the purchase, including installment plans or subscriptions (if applicable), you authorize Klarna to attempt to debit other card funding sources registered in your Klarna User Account.
User Responsibilities
The user is obliged to always provide correct information and use his own and correct identity.
Any use of information that is not your own or that you are not authorized to use for other reasons, and any use of the Service in a manner inconsistent with its intended use will be considered abusive.
Any data related to the abuse or suspected abuse can be recorded and used for future risk assessment and to protect the parties involved.
Klarna reserves the right to block any further use of the Service.
If you upload, import or share content on Klarna, such as images, texts, bills, information about goods, services or deliveries, or other content, you grant Klarna the right, free of charge, to use and display such content to provide the Service.
We have the right to remove any content uploaded or shared by the user if required by law or if we deem it to be offensive, inappropriate, illegal, infringing the rights of others or otherwise objectionable.
You are responsible for any content you upload or make available.
You acknowledge and agree that if you upload, import or share content that is offensive, threatening or offensive, or content that materially violates the law or contract between you and Klarna, or that Klarna can reasonably assume that it violates the law or a contract between you and Klarna, we may terminate or deactivate your use of the Klarna App.
Third party services
Certain features that you use, such as package tracking, may include services provided by third parties.
An example of this is the shipment tracking functions offered by logistics companies.
When using functions that rely on third party services, the user authorizes Klarna to use such services on his behalf.
The user's use of Google Maps after the checkout (e.g.
by searching for an address in the address field) and in the Klarna App are subject to the current Google Maps / Google Earth Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
In addition, to prevent abuse of the use of the Klarna App via the website, Klarna may use the reCAPTCHA solution, which makes the user subject to Google's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The Klarna App is available through third party distribution platforms ("App Stores").
The user may be required to register in advance with the respective Application Store.
Klarna has no influence on the collection, processing and use of personal data by the operators of individual App Stores.
Term and Termination of this Agreement
This contract was concluded for an indefinite period.
It is valid until terminated by you or us and may be terminated at any time.
However, you may not terminate this agreement if you have used one of our Payment Methods and you have not made all payments due to Klarna - in which case termination is possible after you have made all the required payments.
Please note that in the event of termination, you will no longer be able to use the Service, including any functionality provided or managed through the Klarna App.
Electronic communication
By accepting these terms and conditions, you consent to Klarna's use of electronic communications to interact with you, save as otherwise required by law.
Unless otherwise required by law, payment information, terms and conditions, legally required information and other information may be provided to you electronically, including via the Klarna website, app or email address you have provided to us.
Updating contact details
It is your responsibility to ensure that Klarna has your current e-mail address and mobile number so that we can communicate with you electronically.
If you need to update your primary email address, please contact Customer Service to make the change.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding generally understood electronic communication, please contact the Customer Service Department.
Transfer and transfer of rights or obligations
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these terms.
To the extent that this is no longer permitted under applicable law, we may transfer any rights under these terms at any time.
Klarna
Klarna Bank AB (publ), with its registered office at Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, is a Swedish bank registered with the Swedish Companies Register under number 556737-0431.
Sebastian Siemiatkowski is the Managing Director.
Klarna Bank AB (publ) is authorized to provide financial services on the basis of an authorization issued by the Finansinspektionen (Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority).
Details of Klarna's registration with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and a list of countries where Klarna's services have been approved under the uniform passport can be found on the Finansinspektionen website.
Contact details: https://www.klarna.com/pl/obsluga-klienta/.
Complaints
In the event of a complaint, the information provided on the website www.klarna.com shall apply.
By using our Service, you consent to Klarna providing you with all information regarding your complaint electronically, subject to different legal requirements.
In the event of a complaint against Klarna, it is possible to file a complaint via Klarna's dedicated customer service website, by using the chat function or by contacting customer service by phone.
In the event that we are unable to deal with your complaint, you may refer it to the Swedish National Board of Compromise.
Consumer Disputes (ARN).
Klarna will participate in such proceedings and is obliged to do so under applicable law.
More information on this can be found on the ARN website: https://www.arn.se/om-arn/Languages/english-what-is-arn/.
A complaint may be submitted in any official language of the European Union via the Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform provided by the European Commission: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
The complaint will then be forwarded to the ARN.
The user can also contact ARN by post or in person: Allmänna reklamationsnämnden, PO box 174, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, visitor address: Kungsholmstorg 5, Stockholm.
The User has the right to submit a complaint regarding the Services pursuant to the Act of August 5, 2015.
on handling complaints by financial market entities and on the Financial Ombudsman.
A complaint may be submitted in any of the following ways:
in writing - by sending a complaint by post or by submitting it in person to Klarna Bank AB, Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden;
verbally - when contacting Klarna customer service by phone, contact details can be found on the Klarna customer service website;
in electronic form - by using the chat function in the Klarna application or by submitting a complaint via the Klarna customer service website.
We will respond to the user's complaint without undue delay, no later than within 30 days from the date of its receipt.
If, due to the complexity of the case, we will not be able to meet this deadline, we will explain to the user the reason for the delay, we will indicate the circumstances that must be established for consideration of the case and we will specify the expected date of considering the complaint and responding, not longer than 60 days from the date of receipt of the complaint.
If the user contacts us via the chat function or by phone, we will respond to his complaint by e-mail to the address specified by him or by post if expressly desired.
However, if you send us a complaint by post, we will send our reply in the same form to the address specified by the user or by e-mail if expressly desired.
The User has the right to use the out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes.
The Financial Ombudsman is an entity authorized to resolve disputes related to the Services that may arise between us and the user.
Contact details of the Financial Ombudsman and detailed information on the procedure are available at www.rf.gov.pl.
Other
In our relationship with the user, we will use the Polish language.
These conditions are governed by Polish law.
Disputes arising from these terms and conditions are subject to the competent courts in accordance with the applicable law on jurisdiction, including the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure.
The user has the right to withdraw from the contract concluded on the basis of these conditions without giving reasons within 14 days from the conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, the user must send a written declaration to Klarna Bank AB, Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden.
If the user sends the statement before the deadline, the deadline is considered kept.
The user does not bear the costs related to the withdrawal.
The user should bear in mind that if he has made a purchase with Klarna and his obligation has not been fulfilled, he cannot exercise his right of withdrawal until it has been paid for.
Last updated: November 10, 2021
