Published: April 1, 2021
Effective: June 15, 2021
Print
Print
Microsoft Services Agreement
These terms (the "Terms") govern your use of Microsoft's products, websites and consumer services listed at the end of this document (#serviceslist) ("Services").
By providing you with the ability to subscribe to, use, or order the Services, Microsoft is making you an offer.
You accept the Terms by creating a Microsoft account, using the Services, or continuing to use the Services upon notification of a change to the Terms.
You should read the Terms and Conditions, and print and keep a copy of them, as Microsoft will not retain such a copy for you.
If you are a micro, small enterprise or non-profit organization, then please see section 15 for waiving any rights you would otherwise have under the European Electronic Communications Code.
User's privacy
1.
User's privacy.
Microsoft cares about your privacy.
Information on the types of data collected from the User and the User's devices ("Data") as well as on the use of the Data and the legal basis for data processing can be found in the Microsoft Privacy Statement (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839 ) ("Privacy Statement").
The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, including records of your communications with others, entries you submit to Microsoft as part of the Services, and files, photos, documents, audio files, digital works, live broadcasts and videos. uploaded, stored, transmitted or made available by the User as part of the Services ("User Content").
[Go to the top of the page]
User Content
2.
User Content.
Many Microsoft Services enable you to store or share Content or receive materials from others.
Microsoft does not claim ownership of User Content.
User Content remains the property of the User and the User is responsible for it.
a.
If you share User Content with others, you agree that anyone you have shared it with may use it worldwide for free, save, record, reproduce, transmit, upload, share and display it for the purpose for which you provided it in as part of the User Content Services, and without remuneration for the User.
If you do not want anyone to do so, you should not use the Services to host User Content.
You represent that, during the term of the Terms, you have and will have all rights to User Content that is transmitted, stored or made available on or through the Services, and that the collection, use, and retention of User Content via the Services will not violate any applicable law. or the rights of others.
Microsoft recommends that you regularly back up your User Content.
Microsoft is not responsible for your Content or for any material that others upload, store, or make available on the Microsoft Services.
b.
To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others (which may include changing the size, shape or format of your Content to better store or display it to you), to protect you and the Services, and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant Microsoft worldwide and a royalty-free intellectual property license to use User Content, including making copies, retaining, transmitting, reformatting, distributing via communication tools and displaying User Content on the Services.
If the User posts User Content in areas of the Service that allow public or unrestricted access to User Content over the Internet, User Content may be used in presentations or materials promoting the Service.
Certain Services are financed by advertising.
Settings for how Microsoft personalizes ads are available at https://choice.live.com.
Microsoft does not use the information you provide in e-mail messages, conversations, voicemail messages, documents, photos, or other personal files to target certain advertisements to you.
Microsoft's advertising policy is detailed in the Privacy Statement.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Code of Conduct
3.
Code of Conduct
a.
Content, materials or activities that violate these Terms are not permitted.
If you agree to the Terms, you must abide by the following rules:
i.
You must not perform any illegal activities.
ii.
You must not engage in any activities that exploit, harm or endanger children.
iii.
You must not send spam or engage in phishing.
Spam is unsolicited bulk email, announcements, contact invitations, SMS (text messages) or instant messages or similar electronic communications.
Phishing is the sending of e-mails or other electronic messages to fraudulently or unlawfully trick recipients into revealing personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, birthdays, social security numbers, passport numbers, credit card details, financial or other information sensitive information, or to access accounts or records or to derive documents or other sensitive information, payments or financial benefits.
iv.
You may not publicly display or use the Services to host any inappropriate content or other material (for example, nudity, cruelty, pornography, offensive language, acts of violence or criminal activity).
v.
You must not engage in any fraudulent, false or misleading activity (e.g.
extorting money, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count, or influencing rankings, ratings, or comments).
vi.
You must not intentionally circumvent any restrictions on the availability or access to the Services.
vii.
You must not engage in activities harmful to the User, the Services or other persons (e.g.
transmit viruses, harass, post terrorist or violent extremist content, spread hate speech or incite violence against others).
viii.
The rights of other people (eg.
Unauthorized access to music or other copyrighted material, resell or otherwise distribute maps or photos of Bing).
ix.
You must not engage in activities that violate the privacy of others.
x.
You must not help other people to break these rules.
b.
Enforcement of orders.
Microsoft may reject User Content if its size exceeds the disk space or file size limits allowed by the Service.
In addition, if you breach any of the obligations set out in clause 3 (a) above, or otherwise materially breach the Terms, Microsoft may take appropriate action against you, including without limitation, discontinuing the Services, immediately terminating your Microsoft account for reasonable cause, or blocking all communications. incoming and outgoing messages (including email, shared files, or instant messages) through the Services.
Microsoft may also remove User Content from the Services at any time or block it on the Services if it is informed that it may violate applicable law or the Terms.
When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft may review your Content to resolve the issue.
However, Microsoft does not monitor or attempt to monitor the Services.
c.
Application to Xbox services.
For more information on how this Code of Conduct applies to the Xbox online service, Xbox Game Pass, Windows Live games, and the Xbox Games Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft, please click here (https://go.microsoft.com / fwlink /? linkid = 868531).
Violation of the Code of Conduct by using the Xbox Services (as defined in section 13 (a) (i)) may result in the suspension or blocking of your access to the Xbox Services and the forfeiture of your content license, Xbox Gold Membership time, and associated Microsoft account balances.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Use of the Services and Support
4.
Use of the Services and Support.
a.
Microsoft account.
A Microsoft account is often required to access the Service.
This account allows you to sign in to products, sites, and services offered by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners.
i.
Account creation.
You must register online to create a Microsoft account.
You agree not to provide any false, inaccurate or misleading information when creating your Microsoft account.
In some cases, a third party (for example, an Internet service provider you have engaged) may assign you a Microsoft account.
If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, that third party may have additional permissions for your Microsoft account, including permissions to delete or access that account.
You should read any additional terms set out by a third party, as Microsoft will not be responsible in any way.
If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity such as your enterprise or employer, then you agree that you are entitled to be bound by the Terms.
You may not transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity.
To protect your account, you must keep your password and account information confidential.
You are responsible for all activities under your Microsoft account.
ii.
Using your account.
You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active.
This means that you must sign in to your Microsoft account at least every two years to keep that account and its associated Services active, unless the account activity policies available at https://go.microsoft.com/ fwlink / p /? linkid = 2086738 or the offer for the paid part of the Services specifies a longer period, or if the law provides otherwise.
If you do not log into your Microsoft account during this time, Microsoft will assume that it is inactive and will close it.
Please see section 4 (a) (iv) (2) for information on the effects of closing your Microsoft account.
You must sign in (separately) to your Outlook.com inbox and OneDrive at least once a year, otherwise Microsoft will close them.
You must sign in to the Xbox Services at least every five years to keep the gamertag associated with your Microsoft account.
If Microsoft has reasonable grounds to suspect that there is a risk of your Microsoft account being used fraudulently by a third party (for example, by hacking your account), Microsoft may suspend your account until you regain full control of your account.
Depending on the type of account hack, we may need to disable some or all of your Content.
If you have any problems accessing your Microsoft account, please visit https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656.
iii.
Child use of the account.
By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you agree to be bound by the Terms and that you are of legal age where you live, or that your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by the Terms on your behalf.
If you are not sure whether you are the legal age of majority under the laws of your country of residence, or if you do not understand this section, you may not create a Microsoft account until you have asked your parent or legal guardian for help.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who creates a Microsoft account, you and the minor agree to be bound by the Terms, and you are responsible for overseeing the minor's use of your Microsoft account or the Services, including purchases made by you, regardless of whether whether the account of the minor has already been set up or will it be set up later.
iv.
Closing the User's account.
1.
In addition to your possible rights to cancel the services set out in section 9 (g) "Refund Policy" below, you also have the right to cancel certain Services or close your Microsoft account at any time and for any reason.
To close your Microsoft account, visit https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278.
When you ask Microsoft to close your Microsoft account, you can still suspend it for 30 or 60 days in case you change your mind.
After the selected period of 30 or 60 days, your Microsoft account will be closed.
The effects of terminating your Microsoft account by you are described in section 4 (a) (iv) (2) below.
Logging in to your Microsoft account during this suspension period will reactivate your Microsoft account.
2.
If your Microsoft account has been closed (by you or by Microsoft), the following occurs.
First, your right to use your Microsoft account to access the Services will terminate immediately.
Secondly, Microsoft will delete the Data or User Content associated with the User's Microsoft account or otherwise delete their association with the User and the User's Microsoft account (unless Microsoft is required by law to retain, return or transfer the Data or User Content to the User or a third party designated by the User).
Therefore, you may no longer be able to access any Services that require a Microsoft account (or User Content stored with those Services).
The user should perform backups on a regular basis.
Third, the User may lose access to the purchased products.
b.
Work accounts.
You can sign in to some Microsoft services with your work email address.
If you log in using such a work email address, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with that address may be informed of the existence of such a Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and manage your account, and access the Data, including records of communications and User's files, and to process them.
In addition, Microsoft may notify the domain owner if the account or Data has been compromised.
Additionally, you agree that your use of Microsoft services may be subject to the terms of any agreements Microsoft has with you or your organization, and the Terms may then not apply to you.
If you already have a Microsoft account and are accessing the Services covered by the Terms through a separate work email address, you may be asked to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account to continue using those Services.
c.
Additional devices and the ability to transfer data over the cellular network.
To use most of the Services, you often need an internet connection or mobile data capability.
The user may also need additional equipment such as a headset, camera or microphone.
You are responsible for obtaining all connections, plans, or equipment needed to use the Services, and for paying fees charged by your vendors for such connections, plans, and equipment.
These fees are separate from any Service fees you pay to Microsoft, and you will not receive a refund from Microsoft for their payment.
You should check with these providers whether any of these fees will apply to you.
d.
Service Notices.
If Microsoft needs to provide you with information about the Service you are using, it will send you a notice to do so and the information that Microsoft must send you under applicable law.
If you provide Microsoft with your email address or telephone number in the context of a Microsoft account, Microsoft may send you notifications about the Services via email or SMS, including notifications to verify your identity before registering and verifying your mobile number. purchases.
Microsoft may also send you notifications about the Services in other ways (for example, in messages displayed on products).
Data or message rates may apply to SMS notifications you receive.
Microsoft recommends that you monitor and update the e-mail address you provide.
If you do not agree to receive electronic notifications, you must stop using the Services.
e.
Technical Support.
Support for some Services is available through https://support.microsoft.com.
Certain Services may include additional support offering as set out at https://www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement, unless otherwise stated.
Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services.
If you live in Europe, you can also submit a complaint via the EU online dispute resolution platform (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr).
You must include MSODR@microsoft.com on your complaint form (use this address only for this purpose).
f.
Termination of the use of the Services by the User.
If your Services are canceled (by you or by Microsoft), first, your right to access the Services and your license to use the software related to the Services terminate immediately.
Second, Microsoft will delete the Data or User Content associated with the User's Service or otherwise remove their link to the User and your Microsoft account (unless Microsoft is required by law to retain, return or transfer the User Data or Content to the User or a third party designated by User).
Therefore, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or User Content stored with those Services).
The user should perform backups on a regular basis.
Third, the User may lose access to the purchased products.
If you canceled your Microsoft account and you do not have any other account to access the Services, your Services may be canceled immediately.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Use of Third Party Apps and Services
5.
Use of Third Party Apps and Services.
The Services may enable you to acquire or access products, services, sites, links, content, materials, games, skills, integration options, bots or applications of independent third parties (enterprises or non-Microsoft) ("Third Party Applications and Services") .
Many Microsoft Services also help you find, request, or interact with Third Party Apps and Services, or share your Content or Data.
You understand that by using the Microsoft Services, you are requesting Third Party Apps and Services.
Third Party Apps and Services may allow You to store Your Content or Data on the publisher, provider or operator of Third Party Apps and Services.
Third Party Apps and Services may display privacy policies to you or require you to accept any accompanying terms before installing or using these Third Party Apps and Services.
Section 13 (b) provides additional terms for apps purchased from certain Stores that are owned or operated by Microsoft or Microsoft affiliates (including but not limited to the Office Store, the Microsoft Store for Xbox, and the Microsoft Store. Store for Windows).
Please review the third party's privacy policy and terms prior to acquiring, using, or linking to a Microsoft account of Third Party Apps and Services.
Nothing specified by third parties will change the Terms.
Microsoft does not license you to use any intellectual property rights in any Third Party Apps and Services.
You agree to assume all risk and liability arising from your use of these Third Party Apps and Services, and agree that Microsoft has no liability to you or any other party for the information or services provided by any of the Third Party Apps and Services.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Service Availability
6.
Service Availability.
a.
Services, Applications and Third Party Services or materials or products offered through the Services may be unavailable at times, may be offered to a limited extent, or may vary depending on your region or device, or other external factors such as internet or network connection.
If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to repurchase the products that were shared with you and paid for in your previous region.
b.
While Microsoft is committed to keeping the Services operating without interruption, these Services are not offered with a guaranteed level of quality (note that all online services are subject to occasional disruptions and downtime).
In the event of a power failure or disruption in the operation of the Service, the User may not be able to retrieve his Content from time to time.
Microsoft recommends that you regularly back up your Content and Data that you store on the Services or using Third Party Apps and Services.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Service and Software Updates and Changes to the Terms
7.
Service and Software Updates and Changes to the Terms.
a.
Microsoft will notify you if it intends to amend the Terms.
Microsoft may change the Terms if it is necessary due to (i) applicable law, including without limitation a change of these provisions; (ii) lawyers' advice or court orders based on the provisions of the applicable law; (iii) development of the Services; (iv) technical reasons; (v) operational requirements or (vi) amendment to the provisions favorable to the User.
Microsoft will notify you of any planned changes prior to their entry into force, via the user interface, e-mail or other appropriate means.
Microsoft will provide you with the opportunity to cancel the Services at least 30 days before the change becomes effective.
The User's use of the Services after the amendments come into force will be tantamount to accepting the new provisions.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you must terminate your use of the Services and close your Microsoft account in accordance with section 4 (a) (iv).
Microsoft will expressly emphasize this fact by informing you of the intended change of the Terms.
b.
Microsoft may automatically check your software version as necessary to provide the Services, and may download software updates or reconfiguration to update, improve, and develop the Services, free of charge.
For continued use of the Services, the User may also be required to update the software.
Such updates are governed by the Terms, unless these updates are accompanied by additional or different terms, in which case those other terms will apply.
If you do not accept these additional or different update provisions, you may not receive or use these updates.
Microsoft is not required to provide updates and does not guarantee that it will provide support for the version of the system for which you have purchased or licensed the software, applications, content, or other products.
c.
Microsoft is constantly improving the Services, and therefore may at any time change the Services, remove features or discontinue providing access to Third Party Apps and Services, in particular when Microsoft's agreements with third parties no longer permit the sharing of their materials, Microsoft's transfer of these materials. it will no longer be possible, the technologies used so far will develop or the need for change will arise from customer feedback.
Microsoft will notify you in advance of a change to the Services that will result in your loss of access to your Content.
For Paid Services, Microsoft will also give you advance notice of other material changes to the Services.
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, Microsoft is not required to redownload or replace any previously purchased material, Digital Goods (identified in Section 13 (k)), or application.
If Microsoft cancels a Paid Service, Microsoft will reimburse you for the proportion of the payment you paid for that portion of the Service that was outstanding prior to cancellation.
d.
To enable you to use material protected by Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology, such as certain music, games, movies, books and other content, the DRM Software may automatically connect to an online DRM server and download and install DRM technology updates.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Software license
8.
Software license.
Any software that Microsoft makes available to you as part of the Services is governed by the Terms, unless a separate Microsoft license agreement (e.g.
the License Terms for Microsoft Software for the Windows Operating System apply to your use of a Microsoft application that is part of and made available under Windows).
Apps purchased from certain Stores that are owned by Microsoft or Microsoft affiliates or are operated by Microsoft or Microsoft affiliates (including but not limited to the Office Store, Microsoft Store for Windows, and Microsoft Store for Xbox) are subject to the terms in See section 13 (b) (i) below.
a.
If you comply with the Terms, Microsoft grants you the right in your use of the Services to install and use one copy of the software on one device (worldwide) for use by only one person at a time.
For some devices, this software may be pre-installed for your personal non-commercial use of the Services.
The software or website that is part of the Services may contain third party code.
Any third party scripts or code that are linked or referenced in the software or site are licensed to you by those third parties who own such scripts or codes, and not by Microsoft.
Possible third party code details are included solely with the User's information.
b.
The software is licensed, not sold, and with respect to that software, Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted by Microsoft in the Terms.
This license does not give you any right to take, and you may not unlawfully take any of the following:
i.
bypassing or circumventing any technical security measures implemented by or related to the software or the Services;
ii.
disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit or recreate any software or other aspect of the Services that are part of or are available through the Services, unless and only to the extent that applicable copyright law expressly permits it ;
iii.
breaking down software components or Services to install them on different devices;
iv.
publish, copy, rent, rent, sell, export, import, distribute or rent the software or Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorizes you to do so;
v. ·
transferring the software, software license or any rights to use or access the Services;
vi.
using the Services in an unauthorized manner that could interfere with other people's use of those Services, or to access any services, data, accounts or networks;
vii.
providing access to the Services or modifying devices authorized by Microsoft (e.g.
Xbox consoles, Microsoft Surface devices, etc.)
using unauthorized third party applications.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Terms of payment
9.
Terms of payment.
When the User purchases the Service, these payment terms and conditions apply to which the User agrees.
a.
Fees.
If a specific fee is associated with the use of the selected Services, the User agrees to pay the fee.
Unless otherwise stated, the price of the Services includes all applicable taxes.
You are solely responsible for the payment of such taxes or other charges.
Unless otherwise stated, taxes will be charged based on your location at the time you sign up for your Microsoft account.
Upon notification to you that Microsoft has not received a timely and full payment from you, Microsoft may suspend or cancel the Services, unless you make full payment in a timely manner.
Suspension or cancellation of the provision of Services due to non-payment may result in the User losing the ability to use and access the account and its content.
Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network that masks the User's location may result in charges being different than those quoted for the User's actual location.
Depending on the User's location, some transactions may require foreign currency conversion or be processed in a different country.
If you use a debit or credit card, your bank may charge you additional fees for these services.
Please contact your bank for more information.
b.
User's billing account.
In order to be able to pay for the Service, when subscribing to this Service, the User will be asked to add a payment method.
For all non-Skype Services, you can access and change your billing and payment information on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618281), and for Skype software and services - from the level of your account in the https://skype.com/go/myaccount portal.
Additionally, you permit Microsoft to use any updated account information for your selected payment method provided by your bank or applicable payment network.
You agree to keep your account information and other information up-to-date, including your email address and payment method details, to enable Microsoft to complete the transaction and, if necessary, contact you about the transaction.
If you ask Microsoft to stop using the payment method provided and you do not notify Microsoft of another payment method after receiving a request from Microsoft to provide such information within the specified time, then Microsoft may cancel or suspend the paid Service for you for good reason. .
Changes made to your billing account will not affect the fees Microsoft charges to your billing account before Microsoft is able to include the updated information in your billing account.
c.
Settlements.
If you provide us with payment method information, then you (i) represent that you are authorized to use the payment method provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorizes Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using the payment method provided; and (iii) authorizes Microsoft to charge you for any paid features on the Services that you have subscribed to or wish to use during the term of the Terms.
As specified above, Microsoft may invoice you (a) in advance, (b) at the time of purchase, (c) shortly after purchase, or (d) at regular intervals for Subscription Services.
In addition, Microsoft may charge you an amount not exceeding the amount accepted by you and will notify you in advance of any changes to the amount charged at regular intervals for the Services subject to subscription and will provide you with the option to cancel the Services prior to such change if the price changes.
Microsoft may invoice you for more than one prior billing period at the same time for unprocessed amounts.
d.
Recurring payments.
If the User purchases the Service on a subscription basis (e.g.
monthly, every three months or annually), then allows you to use recurring payments and agrees that these payments will be made to Microsoft using the payment method you choose in the periodic periods you choose until you or Microsoft terminates your subscription to the Service .
To avoid being charged for continued use of the Services, you must cancel the Services prior to the beginning of the next billing period.
Microsoft will provide you with instructions on how to cancel the Services.
If you agree to payments made at regular intervals, then you authorize Microsoft to store your payment instrument data and process such payments in the form of electronic direct debits or money transfers or electronic direct debits from your designated account (in the case of automated clearing house transactions). or similar payments) or by debiting your designated account (in the case of credit cards or similar payments) (collectively "Electronic Payments").
Subscription fees are generally charged prior to the start of the relevant subscription period.
If any payment is returned as unpaid, or if any credit card payment or similar transaction is declined, Microsoft or Microsoft service providers reserve the right to charge the returned item as appropriate, decline or insufficient funds, and to process such payment as an Electronic Payment.
e.
Online billing and errors.
For all Services other than Skype, Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284) where you can view and print your bill.
To access online billing through Skype, you must log into your account at www.skype.com (https://www.skype.com).
This is the only type of online billing offered by Microsoft.
The User may receive a VAT invoice depending on the Service and country.
If Microsoft makes an error with your bill, Microsoft will correct it as soon as you notify (or Microsoft notices this error) and will review the amount of the fee.
Microsoft recommends that you notify Microsoft within 120 days of the obvious error on your bill to help resolve the issue within this period.
Such notifications may be directed to the customer service department as described in section 4 (e).
f.
Refund Policy.
You are entitled to a cooling-off period ("Cooling-Off Period") of fourteen (14) days from the date of purchase (with or without cause).
If, at the time of cancellation, the Service was partially performed, the User will receive a pro-rata refund of the amount paid.
The User agrees that the Withdrawal Period will expire upon full performance of the Service to the User, in which case the User's purchase will not be refunded.
If you purchase digital content from Microsoft, your right to cancel the purchase will no longer apply when you start downloading that content.
Unless otherwise provided by law or the specific Service offering, all purchases are final and non-refundable.
For all Services other than Skype, information and instructions on canceling the Service and requesting a refund using the Withdrawal Form, if you are eligible for such a refund, can be found on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/ p /? linkid = 618284).
For Skype, you must complete a Withdrawal Form based on the information available here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618286).
If you believe that Microsoft has incorrectly billed the fee, you must contact Microsoft and Microsoft will check the fee.
If Microsoft refunds the money or gives a different compensation, Microsoft will not be obligated to refund the same or a similar amount of money or to apply the same or a similar compensation in the future.
This refund policy does not affect any rights you may have under applicable law.
More information on refunds can be found here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618283).
g.
Termination of Services.
You may opt out of the Services on the Manage Services and Subscriptions page in your Microsoft account (https://account.microsoft.com/) or contact Customer Service as described in section 4 (e) above.
Cancellation of paid Services will stop future charges for using the Services.
You should check the specifications of your Service offering as (i) you may not be eligible for a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) may be required to pay a cancellation fee; (iii) you may be required to pay any fees charged to your billing account for use of the Services prior to the date you canceled the Services, and (iv) may lose access to and use of your account after the Services are canceled.
Microsoft will process your Data as described in section 4 above.
If you cancel the Services, your right to use them will terminate on the last day of the current Services period or, if you are billed periodically, on the last day of the period in which you canceled the Services.
If you initiate a chargeback or reversal of payment for the Services from your bank, Microsoft will assume that you have opted out of the Services on the date of the original payment, and you authorize Microsoft to immediately cancel the service or withdraw any content that has been sent to you in exchange for such payment.
h.
Offers for a trial period.
If you are using an offer for a trial period, you may be required to cancel the trial Services within the time frame stated when accepting the offer to avoid being charged for continued use of the Services at the end of the trial period.
i.
Promotional offers.
Microsoft may offer the Services for a trial period during which no fees will be charged for such Services.
Microsoft may charge you a fee for these Services (at the regular rate) if you are in breach of the offer.
j.
Price changes.
If the Service is to be provided for the period specified in the offer and at a specific price, this price will be valid for the entire duration of such offer.
If, after this period, the User wishes to continue to use the Services, he will have to accept the new offer and price.
If the Services are billed periodically (e.g.
monthly), and no specific price period has been specified, and unless this is a trial offer, Microsoft may change the price of the Services if it enriches the Services with new or improved functionality, to the extent that the cost of providing the Services has increased accordingly, or in response to market changes (e.g.
due to labor costs, changes in exchange rates, changes in taxes / legal regulations, inflation, license fees as well as infrastructure and administrative costs).
Microsoft will notify you at least 30 days before any such price change becomes effective.
You will have the option to cancel the Services prior to a price change in accordance with clause 9 (h) above.
By notifying you of the price change, Microsoft will also inform you of the reasons and extent of the price increase and that the new price will take effect if you do not cancel the Services.
Microsoft will also remind you of how to cancel the Service.
k.
Payments to the User.
If Microsoft needs to make a payment to you, you agree to provide Microsoft with the accurate and timely payment details necessary to make that payment.
You must pay all taxes and fees due in connection with receiving this payment.
You must also comply with any other terms Microsoft may impose on you relating to your right to receive any payments.
If you receive your payment in error, Microsoft may revoke your payment or request a refund.
You agree to cooperate with Microsoft in this regard.
Microsoft may also, without notice, reduce the amount of payment due to you to correct any previous overpayments.
l.
Late payments.
If you are in arrears, you must pay all reasonable costs associated with collecting the outstanding amounts, including legal fees and other legal fees and expenses, to the extent permitted by law.
If you do not fully pay the outstanding amounts despite receiving a timely payment reminder from Microsoft (including a warning that the Services may be suspended or canceled), Microsoft may suspend or cancel the Services.
You may avoid suspending or canceling the Services if you make the required payment in a timely manner as specified in the reminder.
If the missing amount is negligible, a different procedure will apply.
Missing amounts below 2% of the total invoice value will always be considered negligible.
Suspension or cancellation of Services due to non-payment may result in your loss of access to your Microsoft account.
m.
Gift vouchers.
The redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype Gift Certificates) is subject to the terms and conditions located here (https://support.microsoft.com/help/10562/microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions).
Information on Skype gift cards is available here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615383).
n.
Payments from a bank account.
You may register an eligible bank account with your Microsoft account for use as a payment method.
Eligible bank accounts include accounts held by a financial institution capable of executing direct debits (for example, a financial institution in the United States that handles Automated Clearing House ("ACH") transactions, a European financial institution that serves the Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA" ) or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands).
The terms you agreed to when adding your bank account as a payment method to your Microsoft account also apply (e.g. "
consent to debit the account "in the case of SEPA).
The User declares that his registered bank account is kept on his behalf and that the User is authorized to register and use this bank account as a form of payment.
If you register or select your bank account as a method of payment, you authorize Microsoft (or a Microsoft representative) to debit at least one bank account with the total amount of your purchase or subscription fee (as defined in the subscription service) and possibly one or more crediting that bank account for the purpose of correction or refund or any other similar purpose, and authorizes the financial institution that maintains the bank account to deduct or accept these debits.
You agree that this authorization will remain in effect until your bank information is removed from your Microsoft account.
If you suspect an erroneous deduction from your account, you must immediately contact customer service as described in section 4 (e) above.
The laws of your country may also limit your liability for any fraudulent, erroneous or unauthorized transactions in your bank account.
If you register or choose a bank account as a form of payment, you are confirming that you have read, understood and accepted these Terms.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Contracting entity, applicable law and place of dispute resolution
10.
Contracting entity, applicable law and place of dispute resolution.
If you live or (if you are an enterprise) have your principal place of business in the European Union, Liechtenstein, Norway, the United Kingdom or Iceland and use the Free or Paid Services, you enter into an agreement with Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland (registered in Ireland with the National Companies Register under number 256796, VAT number: IE 8256796 U, registered address: 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland).
The law applicable to the interpretation of all claims related to the Free and Paid Services is the law of Ireland without prejudice to the User's ability to apply mandatory consumer protection laws in the country in which Microsoft provides the Services to the User and in which the User is domiciled (if the User is a business, this is the law of the country in which the User's principal place of business is located).
You and Microsoft agree that any dispute arising directly or indirectly from the Terms will be settled by the courts of the country in which Microsoft provides the Services to you and in which you are domiciled (if you are a business, this will be the law of the country in which you are located. User's principal place of business), or alternatively, the User may choose the competent court in Ireland.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Warranty and guarantees
11.
Warranty and guarantees.
If you are a consumer, you have certain legal rights.
These powers include Microsoft's commitment to provide the Services with reasonable care.
Nothing in this provision is intended to limit or exclude Microsoft's liability for any breach by Microsoft of this obligation.
EXCEPT FOR WHICH MICROSOFT HIDDEN DEFECTS IN BAD FAITH, OR THE DEFECTS HAVE PREVENTED THE USE OF THE SERVICES, AND EXCEPT FOR PAID PRODUCTS, SKYPE MICROSOFT WILL "IF I WILL" REQUEST THE SERVICES "IF I WILL BE AVAILABILITY ”.
MICROSOFT DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES.
THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT DEFECTS-FREE AND THAT OCCASIONALLY FAILURE.
MICROSOFT CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SAFE, OR ERROR-FREE.
MICROSOFT, MICROSOFT'S AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS AND SUPPLIERS MAKE NO CONTRACTUAL WARRANTIES OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
YOU HAVE ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTIES AND WARRANTIES PROVIDED BY LAW, BUT MICROSOFT MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Limitation of Liability
12.
Limitation of Liability.
a.
Microsoft is not responsible for your Content and Materials or for other third party materials, including links to third party websites, or for actions taken by users.
Such content and activities cannot be attributed to Microsoft.
Neither do they represent the opinion of Microsoft.
b.
Microsoft will only be liable if there has been a breach of a material obligation under the Agreement or if otherwise required by applicable law.
c.
Microsoft and Microsoft's agents or legal representatives will not be liable for indirect damages, including financial losses such as loss of profit, unless Microsoft or Microsoft's agents or legal representatives have been guilty of, at least, gross negligence or willful non-performance or improper performance.
d.
The limitation of liability does not affect the objective liability (liability independent of fault) of Microsoft specified in the Act, including statutory liability for breach of warranty.
The same applies to the liability of Microsoft and Microsoft's agents or legal representatives in the event of fraud or negligent injury or death.
e.
Microsoft is not responsible for any failure to perform or delay in performing any obligations under the Terms to the extent that such failure or delay is caused by circumstances beyond Microsoft's reasonable control (such as labor disputes, misfortune, acts of war, acts of terrorism, willful damage, or property damage, accidents, or compliance with any applicable law or government ordinance).
Microsoft will endeavor to minimize the effects of any such events and to fulfill obligations beyond their control.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Provisions for Services
13.
Provisions for Services.
The provisions of this section 13 and thereafter generally apply to all Services.
This section contains specific service provisions that are in addition to the general provisions.
The provisions contained in this section apply when there is a conflict with the general provisions.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Xbox
a.
Xbox.
i.
Personal non-commercial use.
Xbox online service, Xbox Game Studios games (https://www.xbox.com/xbox-game-studios) (including Mojang Games) and applications, subscriptions (for example, Xbox Game Pass for PC, Xbox Game Pass for Console, Xbox Game Pass Ultimate), services (such as Xbox Live), and Xbox content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are for your personal, non-commercial use only.
ii.
Xbox services.
If you sign up for access to the Xbox Services, information about your gameplay, activities, and other use of the Xbox games and Services by you will be monitored and shared with the appropriate third party game developers to enable Microsoft and third party game manufacturers to operate those games and provide the Xbox Services.
If you link your Microsoft account associated with the Xbox Services to your account on a service not offered by Microsoft, or you sign in to your account on the Xbox Services to access a service not offered by Microsoft (e.g.
to a service of a non-Microsoft game publisher offering Third Party Apps and Services), You agree that: (a) Microsoft has shared limited account information with a non-Microsoft publisher (including, without limitation, gamertag, top player scores, game history and friends list) in accordance with the Microsoft Privacy Statement and (b) where permitted by the Xbox privacy settings, that publisher may also access User Content from in-game communications while you are signed in to that publisher's account.
As far as permitted in the Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft may also publish your name, gamertag, gamer picture, motto, avatar, game clips, and information about the games you use to communicate with those whom you allow to provide such information. .
iii.
User Content.
As part of building the community of the Xbox Services, you grant Microsoft, Microsoft affiliates, and Microsoft sub-licensees worldwide the right to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, transmit, share, and display your Content, and your name, gamertag, gamer picture, motto, free of charge. and your avatar that you have posted in connection with any Xbox Services, in whole or in part, by any means or process as part of any materials or in connection with technical support.
iv.
Game managers.
Some games may use the services of game managers, ambassadors, or hosts.
Game managers and hosts are not authorized Microsoft spokesmen.
Their views do not necessarily represent those of Microsoft.
v.
Children on Xbox.
If you are underage using the Xbox Services, your parent or guardian may control many aspects of your account and receive reports on your use of the Xbox Services.
vi.
In-game currency or virtual goods.
Xbox services may include virtual currency used in games (e.g.
gold, coins or points) that you may purchase from or on behalf of Microsoft with actual money if you have reached the age of majority under the laws of your country of residence.
Xbox Services may also include virtual, digital items or merchandise that you can buy from or on behalf of Microsoft with real money or in-game currency.
The currency used in the games and virtual goods are not redeemable for real money, goods or any other items with a monetary value from Microsoft or any third party.
Except for a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable or non-sublicensable license to use game currency and virtual goods exclusively on the Xbox Services, you have no rights to any game currency or virtual goods associated with one or more Xbox games or applications. appear or arise in the Xbox Services, or any other attribute related to the use of the Xbox Services or stored on the Xbox Services.
Microsoft may change the offer for in-game currency or virtual goods.
vii.
Software updates.
For each device that can connect to the Xbox Services, Microsoft may automatically check the version of the Xbox console software or the Xbox application you have, and download Xbox software updates or configuration changes, including updates and changes that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services through the unauthorized Xbox games, Xbox apps, or the use of unauthorized peripherals with your Xbox console.
viii.
Gamertag expiration.
You must sign in to the Xbox Services at least once every five years.
Otherwise, they may lose access to the gamertag associated with their account and their gamertag may be shared with other users.
ix.
Fraud or Modification Software.
Any device that may connect to the Xbox Services may be automatically checked by Microsoft for the presence of any unauthorized hardware or software used to fraudulently or modify it in violation of the Code of Conduct or Terms.
In addition, for each such device, Microsoft may automatically download Xbox Application software updates or configuration changes, including updates and changes that prevent You from accessing the Xbox Services or the use of unauthorized hardware or software that is fraudulent or modified.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Store
b.
Store. "
Store "means a Service that enables you to view, download, purchase, rate and review applications and other digital content (the term" application "includes games).
These Terms govern your use of certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, without limitation,
Office Store, Microsoft Store for Windows, and Microsoft Store for Xbox). "
Office Store "means a Store that offers Office products and applications for Office, Microsoft 365 and SharePoint, Exchange, Access and Project (2013 or later) or any other service offered under the Office Store brand. "
Microsoft Store for Windows "means a Store owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates and operated by Microsoft and Microsoft affiliates and intended for Windows devices such as phones, desktops and tablets, or any other service offered under the Microsoft brand Store accessible from Windows devices such as phones, desktops or tablets. "
Microsoft Store for Xbox ”means a Store owned by Microsoft or its affiliates and operated by Microsoft or Microsoft affiliates, which is available on Xbox consoles, or any other service offered under the Microsoft Store brand name for the Xbox console.
i.
License terms.
Microsoft will provide the publisher name of each application available in the applicable Store.
Unless otherwise provided in the accompanying application, the Standard Application License Terms ("Standard Application License Terms") at the end of the Terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher that sets out the license terms that apply to your use of an application downloaded from any Store owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (excluding the Office Store).
These Terms govern your use of the Microsoft Services and the services they provide.
Section 5 of these Terms also applies to any Third Party Apps and Services purchased through the Store.
Applications downloaded through the Office Store are not governed by the Standard Application License Terms and separate license terms apply to them.
ii.
Updates.
Microsoft will automatically check for updates to the User's application and download them even when the User is not logged in to the relevant Store.
You can change your Store settings or system settings if you don't want to receive automatic application updates from the Store.
However, some Office Store applications that are fully or partially hosted online may be updated at any time by the application developer and do not require your permission to update.
iii.
Ratings and feedback.
If you submit a rating or review of an application or other Digital Good in the Store, you may receive an email from Microsoft containing content provided by the publisher of the application or Digital Good.
The sender of any such e-mail is Microsoft.
Microsoft does not share your e-mail address with any publishers of applications or Digital Goods purchased in the Store.
iv.
Safety Notice.
To avoid possible damage, discomfort or eye strain, the User should take breaks from time to time while using games or other applications, especially if they feel pain or tired while using them.
If you experience any discomfort, take a break.
Discomfort can include feeling sick, nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, confusion, headache, fatigue, eyestrain, or dry eyes.
Using the application may distract the User and disturb his environment.
The user should be careful not to trip, and be careful of stairs, low ceilings, and fragile or valuable items that may be damaged.
A very small percentage of people may experience seizures when they encounter visual effects such as flashing lights or patterns that may appear in applications.
Even people who have never had seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can trigger seizures.
Symptoms may include dizziness, blurred vision, seizures, limbs cramps or tremors, confusion, confusion, loss of consciousness or convulsions.
If you notice any of these symptoms, stop using the app immediately or consult your physician before using such apps if you have ever experienced symptoms related to these attacks.
Parents should check their children for these symptoms when they use the app.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Microsoft Family Features
c.
Microsoft Family Features.
Parents and children can use Microsoft family features, including Microsoft Family Safety, to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviors, websites, apps, games, physical locations, and expenses are appropriate and acceptable.
Parents can create a "family" at https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on a Windows device or Xbox console), and then invite their children or other parents to join the family.
Members of such a family may use many different features, so you should carefully read the information displayed when starting or joining a family and at the time of purchasing for that Digital Goods family.
By establishing or joining said family, you agree to use it in accordance with its purpose, and not in an unauthorized manner, to gain illegal access to other people's information.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Group messages
d.
Group messages.
Various Microsoft services allow you to send voice or text messages ("messages") to others, or enable Microsoft and its affiliates controlled by Microsoft to send such messages to you or to others on your behalf.
If the user asks Microsoft and associated entities controlled by Microsoft to send such messages to the user or other people, then he declares and guarantees Microsoft that both the user and other persons to whom, according to his order, messages are to be sent, they agree to receive SUCH MESSAGES AND ANY OTHER RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE SMS MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT CONTROLLED AFFILIATES. "
Administrative SMS "are periodic transactional messages sent by a specific Microsoft service, including, but not limited to, "
welcome message ”or instructions on how to opt-out of receiving the message.
You or your group members may opt out of receiving further communications from Microsoft or a Microsoft-controlled affiliate at any time.
To do so, they must follow the relevant instructions given to them.
If you no longer wish to receive such messages or participate in a group, you agree to opt-out by following the instructions provided under the relevant program or service.
If you have reason to believe that a group member no longer wishes to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree that you will remove the member from the group.
In addition, you represent and warrant to Microsoft that you and others to whom you instruct us to send messages know that each group member is responsible for the messaging charges of your mobile operator, including charges for international messages, which may be applicable when transmitting messages from US numbers.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Skype, Microsoft Teams i GroupMe
e.
Skype, Microsoft Teams i GroupMe.
i.
Emergency services.
There are significant differences between traditional mobile or landline services and Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe.
Microsoft is not required to offer Emergency Services access for Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe (except for the Skype-to-Phone service described below) under any applicable national or local law.
The Skype software and products are not intended to support or make emergency calls to hospitals, law enforcement agencies, health care facilities, or to provide any other service that connects you to emergency personnel or emergency call points ("Emergency Services").
Only Skype to Phone feature of Skype can handle calls to Emergency Services in a very limited number of countries and on a limited number of software and platform versions.
For details on availability and setting up this feature, please visit https://www.skype.com/go/emergency.
If an emergency call is made via Skype to Phone, you will need to provide your physical location information to allow emergency services to contact you.
Microsoft does not guarantee that your emergency call will be established.
For more information on calling 112 (the emergency number in the European Union), visit www.skype.com/go/emergency.
ii.
Changes to Skype Paid Products.
If Microsoft makes changes to your paid Skype products that are detrimental to you, Microsoft will give you at least 30 days' notice and your right to end use of the affected product before the changes take effect.
If you continue to use the product before the changes become effective, you agree to the changes.
At the time of notification, Microsoft will expressly inform you of this.
iii.
APIs or broadcasting.
If you wish to use Skype in connection with any transmission, you must comply with the "Transmission Services Terms" found at https://www.skype.com/go/legal.broadcast.
If you wish to use any application programming interface ("API") displayed or made available by Microsoft, you must comply with the license terms at www.skype.com/go/legal.
iv.
Fair Use Policy.
Fair use policies may apply to your use of the Skype software and products.
You should review these policies designed to help protect you from fraud and abuse, as they may restrict the type, duration, and number of calls or messages you are able to make or send.
These rules are an integral part of these Terms.
You can find them at https://www.skype.com/go/terms.fairusage.
v.
Determining the location on the map.
The Skype software and products contain features that allow information to be submitted to a mapping service or mapped through the mapping service.
By using these features, you agree to these Terms and the terms for the Google Maps service available at https://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/help/terms_maps.html.
vi.
Personal non-commercial use.
The Skype software and products are intended for personal, non-commercial use.
You may use Skype at work for your own business communications.
vii.
Numer Skype / Skype To Go.
If Microsoft provides you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you acknowledge that you are not the owner of that number and that you have no right to keep it forever.
In some countries, the number may be provided to you by a Microsoft partner, and not by Microsoft, which may require a separate agreement with that partner.
More information on Skype Number can be found at https://go.skype.com/home.skype-number.
viii.
Skype Manager. „
Skype Manager Administrator Account ”is created and managed by a User who is administrator of the Skype Manager group, not an enterprise.
You may link your Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account").
You may designate additional administrators for your Skype Manager as long as they accept the Terms.
If You assign Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, You are responsible for compliance with the residence or location requirements of the Linked Account users.
If you choose to disconnect your Linked Account from your Skype Manager group, your allocated subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers will not be recoverable and your Content and materials related to the disconnected account will no longer be available to you.
The User agrees to the processing of personal information of users of Linked Accounts in accordance with the provisions of data protection law.
ix.
Fees and Refunds for Using Skype.
The charges payable for non-subscription calls to phones consist of a connection fee (charged once for each call) and a minute charge for the call time at www.skype.com/go/allrates.
Call charges will be deducted from your Skype Credit balance.
Microsoft may change rates for calls to premium phones and numbers that are not included in your subscription.
If the changes are significant and unfavorable to the User (e.g.
if Microsoft raises the rates), Microsoft will notify you by e-mail or other appropriate means at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the revised rate.
After thirty (30) days, the new rates will apply to User's calls made after this period.
Current rates can be found at www.skype.com/go/allrates.
If the User does not accept the new rates, he should not make calls.
The incomplete minutes of the call and the fractions of a cent in the fee charged will be rounded up to the nearest whole unit value (minutes or cent).
Unless otherwise stated, all prices for paid Skype products are inclusive of applicable taxes (including VAT).
VAT is charged on the basis of information about the billing address provided.
You expressly waive any right to a VAT refund from Microsoft if the amount ultimately payable by Microsoft to the tax authorities is for any reason less than the amount of VAT charged to you.
Skype's paid products are not available to customers in the following areas: Autonomous Republic of Mount Athos, Canary Islands, French Overseas Departments, Aland Islands, Channel Islands, Helgoland Island, Büsingen am Hochrhein, Ceuta, Melilla, Livigno, Campione d'Italia and Italian lake waters Lugano.
If you are using a Skype paid product, the Cooling Off Period will expire and your purchase will not be canceled or refunded.
The spending of Skype Credit, the allocation of Skype Numbers or the use of a subscription is the "complete delivery" or "use" of a Skype paid product.
You expressly agree that Skype Numbers may be allocated before the end of the Cooling Off Period and are non-refundable once allocated.
In accordance with these Terms, only unused or unexpired Skype subscriptions will be refunded after the Cooling-Off Period has expired.
The Cooling Off Period and refunds do not apply to paid Microsoft products that (i) were purchased through a third party partner; (ii) paid directly in cash using a third party payment method (such as a cash wallet); (iii) not purchased online directly from Microsoft (e.g.
coupons or prepaid cards) or (iv) have been assigned to the User's account by a third party.
Notwithstanding the provisions set out above, you may be entitled under applicable law to obtain a refund of your prepaid subscription balance upon request in the event that your Skype Number is transferred to another operator.
x.
Skype Credit.
Microsoft does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit for the purchase of any paid Skype product.
If you have not used Skype Credit for 180 days, your Skype Credit will become inactive.
You can reactivate Skype Credit by clicking on the link at https://www.skype.com/go/store.reactivate.credit.
By checking the appropriate box, the User may enable the automatic account top-up function when purchasing Skype credit.
If this feature is enabled, your Skype account will be topped up with the same amount and using the payment method you choose whenever your Skype Credit balance falls below a threshold set from time to time by Skype.
If you purchased your subscription using a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill) and you have turned on auto top-up, your Skype account will be topped up with the amount needed to pay your next recurring subscription payment.
You can turn off the auto top-up feature in the Skype account portal at any time.
xi.
International messaging fees.
GroupMe and Microsoft Teams currently use US numbers for each group they create.
Any text message sent to or received from a GroupMe or Microsoft Teams number will be considered an international text message sent to or received from the United States.
Information on applicable international rates may be obtained from the User from his operator.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Bing i MSN
f.
Bing i MSN.
i.
Materials on Bing and MSN.
The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players, and third-party materials available on Bing and MSN, including via Microsoft bots, apps, and programs, are for your personal, non-commercial use only.
Other uses, such as downloading, copying, or redistributing these materials, or using these materials or products to create your own products, are permitted only to the extent expressly permitted by Microsoft or its rights owners or as permitted by applicable copyright law.
Microsoft or the other rights owners reserve all rights in the material that are not expressly granted by Microsoft under license terms.
ii.
Mapy Bing.
You may not use aerial photos of the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia, or Japan for government purposes without separate written consent from Microsoft.
iii.
Bing Places.
Whenever you submit User Data or Content to Bing Places, you are granting Microsoft a worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, save, modify, aggregate, promote, transmit, display, or distribute the intellectual property on the service and sublicense these rights to to third parties.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Cortana
g.
Cortana.
i.
Personal non-commercial use.
Cortana is Microsoft's Personal Assistant Service.
The features, services and content provided by Cortana (collectively, "Cortana Services") are intended for your personal, non-commercial use only.
ii.
Features and Content.
Cortana offers a variety of features, some of which are personalized.
Cortana Services may allow you to access services, information, or functionality provided by other Microsoft Services or Third Party Applications and Services.
The Services terms in section 13 also apply to your use of the applicable Microsoft Services that you access through the Cortana Services.
Cortana provides information to you for planning purposes only, and you should exercise your own independent judgment in reading and relying on that information.
Microsoft does not guarantee the accuracy, availability or timeliness of personalized Cortana service.
Microsoft is not responsible for cases in which the Cortana feature will prevent or delay your service, or prevent or delay receiving, reading, or sending a message or notification.
iii.
Third Party Applications and Services.
Cortana, as part of the Cortana Services we provide, may suggest certain Third Party Services and Applications (features or related services offered by third parties) to You and assist You in interacting with them.
If you choose to do so, Cortana may exchange various information with the Third Party Apps and Services, such as your zip code and inquiries and responses from Third Party Apps and Services, to help you obtain the services you have requested.
Cortana may enable you to purchase through Third Party Apps and Services based on your account preferences and User settings configured directly in such Third Party Apps and Services.
You may disconnect the Cortana Service from Third Party Apps and Services at any time.
Your use of the Cortana Services to connect to Third Party Apps and Services is subject to Section 5 of the Terms.
Publishers of Third Party Apps and Services may change or stop making available / providing their Third Party Apps and Services.
Or, they may change the way they integrate with the Cortana Services or stop the integration.
Microsoft is not responsible for software or firmware provided by manufacturers.
iv.
Cortana-enabled devices.
Cortana-enabled devices are products or devices that can access the Cortana Services or products or devices compatible with the Cortana Services.
Cortana-enabled devices include third-party devices or products that Microsoft does not own, manufacture, or develop.
Microsoft is not responsible for these third party devices or products.
v.
Software updates.
Microsoft may automatically check the version of the Cortana Services software needed to provide the Services, download software updates or configuration changes without charging you any fees, or require all device manufacturers that support Cortana Services to keep the Cortana Services software up-to-date.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Office services
h.
Office services.
i.
Microsoft 365 Home, Microsoft 365 Personal, Office Online, Sway, OneNote.com, and any other Services provided as part of a Microsoft 365 subscription or branded Office are for your personal non-commercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft.
Use of applications such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, Access, and Publisher with Microsoft 365 Family, Microsoft 365 Personal, and other Microsoft 365 Subscription Services is governed by the supplemental license terms at https://aka.ms / useterms along with the Terms.
ii.
Outlook.
Outlook includes the use of Bing Maps.
Any content made available through Bing Maps, including geocodes, may only be used with the product that hosts the content.
Your use of Bing Maps is subject to the Bing Maps End User Terms of Use at go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837 and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248686.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Microsoft Health Services
i.
Microsoft Health Services.
i.
Microsoft Band.
The Microsoft Band device and application are not medical devices and are used only for wellness and fitness purposes.
These products are not developed, nor are they intended to be used in the diagnosis of disease, treatment or mitigation of disease, or disease prevention.
Microsoft is not responsible for any decisions you make based on information obtained from Microsoft Band.
ii.
Medical bots.
Medical bots, which may include action plans, analyzes, reminders and other functions, are not medical devices and are used solely for wellness and fitness purposes as part of a healthcare provider program.
These products are not developed, nor are they intended to be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, or in the diagnosis, treatment, or mitigation of, or prevention of disease.
The user is fully responsible for the use of medical bots.
Microsoft is not responsible for any decisions you make based on information received from medical bots.
If you have any questions about your health, diet, fitness, or preventive health program, and before starting to use medical bots, always consult a healthcare professional.
You should never disregard or delay in obtaining specialist medical advice because of information that you accessed directly or indirectly through the Services.
As with any technology, medical bots may not function as intended and for a variety of reasons, including a lack of power or connection.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Digital Goods
j.
Digital Goods.
As part of Microsoft Groove, Microsoft Films & TV, Store, Xbox Services, and other related or future services, Microsoft may enable you to obtain, listen to, play or read (where applicable) music, pictures, videos, text, books, games or other materials ("Digital Goods") that the User may download in digital form.
Digital Goods may only be used for personal and non-commercial entertainment purposes.
You agree that you will not distribute, transmit, publicly display, display or transfer any copies of the Digital Goods.
Digital Goods may be the property of Microsoft or third parties.
In all circumstances, you agree that your rights to the Digital Goods are limited to the Terms, Copyright and Terms of Use available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143.
You agree that you will not attempt to modify the Digital Goods obtained through the Services for any reason, including to conceal or alter the source or title of the Digital Goods.
Microsoft or the owners of Digital Goods may remove them from the Services without notice.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
OneDrive
k.
OneDrive.
i.
Memory Allocation.
If you have more data in your OneDrive account than you can have in accordance with the OneDrive free or paid subscription service provisions, and you do not respond to a notification from Microsoft to remove excess data from that account or to change your subscription plan to a new plan with more memory allocation Within 30 days of sending the notification (or for a longer period set out in the notification), Microsoft may close your account and remove or disable access to User Content on OneDrive.
ii.
Service operation.
Depending on factors such as your hardware, Internet connection, and Microsoft's efforts to maintain the operation and integrity of Microsoft's services, there may be occasional delays in loading or syncing data on OneDrive.
iii.
Notice of termination of the contract.
Microsoft will notify you at least one month in advance of the planned closure of your OneDrive account for inactivity pursuant to Section 4 (a) (ii).
If you have a paid OneDrive subscription, Microsoft will not close your account due to inactivity during paid OneDrive use.
iv.
OneDrive changes.
Microsoft will notify you at least 30 days in advance of any changes to the free or paid OneDrive services that will result in your loss of access to User Content in your OneDrive account.
v.
Paid subscriptions.
If Microsoft reduces the limits on the amount of data that can be stored in your OneDrive account, you may cancel your paid OneDrive subscription and Microsoft will refund you proportionally for that subscription.
Microsoft will notify you at least 30 days in advance of any such change, and you must cancel your subscription within the period specified in the notification.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Microsoft Rewards
l.
Microsoft Rewards.
i.
The Microsoft Rewards program (the "Program") allows you to earn redeemable points for certain activities, such as
Qualified Search, Acquisition, or Use of Other Microsoft Offerings.
Offers may vary by market.
A search is the act of an individual user entering specific text manually into Bing in order to obtain bona fide search results that match that criteria, for their own research purposes.
This text does not contain any bot queries, macros, or any other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search").
Acquisition is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and licensing digital content from Microsoft, whether for free or against payment ("Acquisition").
Points redeemable for rewards are only offered on certain Microsoft purchases.
Microsoft may offer additional earning opportunities, but individual scoring offers will be available for a limited time only.
Collected points can be redeemed for various rewards set out on the website at https://aka.ms/redeemrewards (the "Rewards").
For more information, see the Microsoft Rewards section at support.microsoft.com (https://support.microsoft.com) ("FAQ").
1.
Program Requirements.
The User must have a valid Microsoft account, and the User's devices must meet the minimum system requirements (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/).
The program is intended for users residing in the countries mentioned in the FAQ section.
Individuals may have at most one account in the Program, even if the individual has multiple e-mail addresses and the number of accounts in one household may not exceed six.
The program is intended for personal, non-commercial use only.
2.
Points.
Points are not transferable, with the exception of sharing points as part of the Microsoft family (restrictions may apply) and donating points to a nonprofit identified on the rewards claim page.
Points are not personal property and cannot be earned for cash or other cash.
Points are awarded to users as part of the promotion.
Points cannot be purchased.
Microsoft may limit the number of Points or Awards per person, per household, or over a fixed period of time (e.g.
one day), as long as the User is not harmed as a result of breach of the principle of good faith.
During a calendar year, the User may replace up to 550 in the Program.
000 points.
Points earned under the Program are not valid and may not be used in conjunction with any other program offered by Microsoft or a third party.
Points not redeemed will expire if no new points are earned or points redeemed within 18 months.
3.
Awards.
Points earned can be redeemed for Rewards on the redeem page, or you can donate them to one of the nonprofits by visiting this page (https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or choosing to make an automatic donation to a nonprofit through a specific charity program.
The number of individual Awards may be limited and such Awards will be distributed on a first-come, first-served basis.
In order to redeem points for Rewards, the User may be asked to provide additional information, such as a postal address or telephone number (other than a VOIP number or toll-free number), and to enter an anti-fraud code or to sign additional legal documents.
Once a Reward has been ordered, it cannot be canceled or refunded for points, except where the product is found to be defective or as required by applicable law.
If you order a Reward that is currently out of stock or otherwise unavailable, Microsoft may replace the Reward with another of similar value or refund the points.
Microsoft may update the list of Rewards on offer on the Rewards redemption page or stop offering certain Rewards.
Some Awards may have age requirements to receive them.
Any such requirements will be included in the respective offer.
You are responsible for paying all federal, state, and local taxes and all other costs associated with accepting and using the Reward.
Prizes will be sent to the email address associated with your Microsoft account, so you should ensure that your email address details are kept up to date.
Non-deliverable rewards will not be sent back and will therefore be forfeited.
Prizes are not for resale.
More information on how to automatically transfer points to nonprofits can be found here (https://www.microsoft.com/rewards/give-mode-overview).
4.
Cancellation of the Participant's participation in the Program.
To terminate your participation in the Microsoft Rewards program, you must follow the instructions provided here (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false).
If the User withdraws from participation, all earned points will be forfeited immediately.
The Program Account may be canceled if the User does not log in at least once within 18 months.
In addition, Microsoft may cancel a specific user's Program account if the Program is manipulated, abused, or attempted to fraudulently, or violate these terms.
If the Program is canceled (by you or by Microsoft) or the Program is suspended, you will have 90 days to redeem your points.
If he does not replace them, they will be lost.
Upon cancellation, your right to use the Program and earn additional points lapses.
5.
Other terms.
Microsoft may disqualify you, disable your access to the Program or your Rewards account, or withdraw points, Rewards and charitable donations if Microsoft believes that you are trying to manipulate or misuse any aspect of the Program is not eligible for Awards for legal reasons (e.g.
in connection with export regulations) or engages in activities that violate these Terms.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Azure
m.
Azure.
Your use of Azure is governed by a separate agreement under which you access the services as detailed on the Microsoft Azure Legal Notice page at https://aka.ms/AA7z67v.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Miscellaneous
14.
Miscellaneous.
This section, as well as sections 1, 9 (for amounts spent before the term of these Terms), 10, 11, 12 and 16, and sections that will continue to apply after this term, will survive termination or cancellation. of these Terms.
Microsoft may transfer, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or part of its rights and obligations under these Terms at any time without notice, provided that such transfer, transfer or disposal is not to your detriment.
You may not transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any rights or obligations under these Terms or any rights to use the Services.
This document constitutes the entire agreement between you and Microsoft relating to your use of the Services.
This agreement supersedes any prior agreement between you and Microsoft relating to your use of the Services.
All parts of these Terms apply to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
If a court or arbitrator determines that Microsoft is unable to comply with some of these Terms, those Terms are deemed to be superseded by similar terms that may be enforced under applicable law.
However, the rest of these Terms will not be changed.
These Terms are for you and Microsoft only.
They have not been concluded for the benefit of third parties (except for Microsoft's successors and assigns).
Point headers are for reference only.
15.
Waiver of End-User Exercise of Their Consumer Protection Rights.
If you are a micro, small enterprise or non-profit organization, you agree to waive any rights that would otherwise be available under Art.
102 ust.
1, 3 i 5; art.
105 ust.
1; and art.
107 ust.
1 and 3 of the European Electronic Communications Code (Directive 2018/1972).
16.
Export Regulations.
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software and the Services, including limitations therein regarding end-user, end-use, and country-of-destination.
For more information on geographic and export restrictions, please visit https://www.microsoft.com/exporting.
17.
Reservation of rights and opinions.
Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, Microsoft does not grant you a license or any other right in respect of any patents, expertise, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any Microsoft affiliate, including including but not limited to rights to the name, external product form, logos or their equivalents.
If you provide Microsoft with any ideas, suggestions, suggestions, or opinions, including but not limited to new product ideas, technology, promotions, product names, product reviews, and product improvements ("Feedback"), you then provide Microsoft (no charge, royalty free). or other obligations) the right to create, commission the creation, compilation of, use, share and commercialize Opinions in any way and for any purpose.
You will not provide a Review that is licensed under a license that requires Microsoft to license Microsoft software, technology, or documentation to any third party as a result of including your Feedback.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
NOTIFICATIONS
Notifications and the procedure for making claims for infringement of intellectual property rights.
Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties.
All claims for infringement of intellectual property rights, including claims for infringement of copyright, must be submitted to an agent designated by Microsoft.
For more information and the appropriate contact information, please see Notices and Procedures for Submitting Claims for Copyright Infringement (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtInfrg.html).
Microsoft responds to notices of copyright infringement according to the procedures outlined in Title 17, Section 512 of the United States Code.
In appropriate circumstances, Microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of Microsoft services who may be repeatedly infringing intellectual property rights.
Notices and procedures regarding intellectual property issues in advertising.
The user should refer to Microsoft's Intellectual Property Guidelines (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=243207) regarding intellectual property issues in the Microsoft Display Network.
Copyright and Trademark Notices.
The services are copyrighted by Microsoft Corporation or its suppliers.
Copyright © Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.
S.
A.
All rights reserved.
An integral part of the Terms are the Microsoft Trademark and Brand Guidelines (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx) (as amended).
zm.).
Microsoft and the names, logos, and icons for all Microsoft products, programs, and services may be unregistered or registered trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies in the United States and / or other countries.
Please see https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/EN-US.aspx for a non-exhaustive list of Microsoft's registered trademarks.
Individual company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted in the Terms.
Certain software used on some Microsoft website servers is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.
Copyright © 1991-1996 Thomas G.
Lane.
All rights reserved.
The "gnuplot" software used on some Microsoft website servers is copyright © 1986–1993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley.
All rights reserved.
Medical Issues Notification.
Microsoft does not provide any advice, diagnosis, or medical help on any medical or other healthcare questions.
Always consult your healthcare professional or healthcare provider if you have any questions about your health, diet, fitness, or preventive health program.
You should never disregard or delay in obtaining specialist medical advice because of information that you accessed directly or indirectly through the Services.
Stock quotes and index data (including index values) The financial information provided through the Services is intended for personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use any financial data or trademarks of any third party licensors in connection with the issuing, creation, sponsorship, sale, marketing or promotion of any financial instrument or investment product (e.g.
derivatives, structured products, mutual funds, ETFs, investment portfolios, etc.,
where the price, performance or return of an investment instrument or product is based directly or indirectly on, or is intended to be used to monitor, financial data).
Financial Notification.
Microsoft is not a stockbroker or registered investment advisor under the US federal securities laws or the securities laws of other countries.
Additionally, Microsoft does not advise individuals on the advisability of buying (including for investment purposes) or selling securities or other financial products and services.
Nothing in the Services constitutes an offer to buy or sell any security or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities.
Neither Microsoft nor Microsoft's licensors of stock quotes or index data endorse or recommend any specific financial products or services.
Nothing in the Services is intended to provide specialist advice, including but not limited to investment and tax advice.
H.
264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual or VC-1.
The software may contain H.
264 / AVC, MPEG-4 Visual, or VC-1 which may be licensed from MPEG LA, LLC.
It is used as a data compression format for video information.
MPEG LA, LLC requires the following notice:
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED FOR A SET OF PATENTS RELATED TO THE H.
264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL ORAZ VC-1.
BASED ON THESE LICENSES, THIS PRODUCT IS INTENDED FOR THE NON-COMMERCIAL PERSONAL USE OF A USER FOR THE PURPOSE OF (A) ENCODING VIDEO DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MENTIONED H.
264 / AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL AND VC-1 ENCODED BY A USER CONDUCTING NON-COMMERCIAL PERSONAL ACTIVITY OR OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO DATA SUPPLIER LICENSED TO THIS.
OR THESE LICENSES DO NOT APPLY TO OTHER PRODUCTS, EVEN IF SUCH PRODUCTS ARE CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE UNDER A SINGLE ARTICLE.
THERE ARE NO LICENSED FOR OTHER USES, INCLUDING AN IMPLIED LICENSE.
MORE INFORMATION ON THIS SUBJECT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, LLC.
TEETH.
MPEG LA SITE (https://www.mpegla.com).
The above notice does not limit or prevent the use of the software provided under the Terms for ordinary business use specific to a given type of activity, which does not include (i) further distribution of the software to third parties or (ii) the creation of materials using technologies compliant with the VIDEO STANDARDS for the purpose of their dissemination to third parties.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSING TERMS
STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSING TERMS
OFFERED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
MICROSOFT STORE, MICROSOFT STORE FOR WINDOWS AND MICROSOFT STORE FOR XBOX
These license terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher.
Please read them carefully.
They apply to applications you download from the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store for Windows, or the Microsoft Store for Xbox (each of which is referred to as the "Store" in these license terms), including any updates and additions to the application, as long as this application is not accompanied by the separate provisions that apply in this case.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION.
The application publisher is the entity granting the User a license for the application, the name of which is given in the Store.
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights set out below.
1.
INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.
The user may install and use the application on Windows devices or Xbox consoles in the manner described in the Terms of Use adopted by Microsoft (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143).
Microsoft may amend its Terms of Use at any time (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143).
2.
INTERNET SERVICES.
a.
Consent for internet or wireless services.
If the application establishes an Internet connection with computer systems, which can also take place via a wireless network, by using this application, you consent to the transmission of standard information about the device (including, but not limited to, technical information about the device, system and software, and peripheral devices) as part of Internet or wireless services.
If different terms are presented in connection with your use of the services you have accessed through the application, then those terms will apply.
b.
Misuse of Internet-based Services.
You may not use any Internet-based services in such a way as to intentionally damage them, or to disrupt their use by other users, or to damage or disrupt wireless network services.
You may not use the service to gain any unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network.
3.
SCOPE OF LICENSE.
The application is licensed, not sold.
This agreement only grants you certain rights to use the application.
If Microsoft disables the use of the application on your devices in accordance with your agreement with Microsoft, all related license rights will terminate.
The app publisher reserves all other rights.
Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may only use the application as expressly permitted in this agreement.
In this case, the User must comply with all technical limitations of the application and only use it in the prescribed manner.
The user is not allowed to:
a.
circumvent the technical limitations of the application;
b.
reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent expressly permitted by applicable copyright law relating to computer software;
c.
make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement or permitted under applicable law, despite this limitation;
d.
post or otherwise make the App available to others for copying;
e.
lease, rent or loan applications;
f.
transfer the application or this agreement to a third party.
4.
DOCUMENTATION.
If documentation was included with the application, the User may copy it and use it as an aid for his personal purposes.
5.
TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.
The Application may be subject to US or international technology control laws or export laws.
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the application.
These laws contain restrictions on the country of destination, end use and end user.
More information on Microsoft products can be found here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868967).
6.
TECHNICAL SUPPORT SERVICES.
Contact the app publisher for information on available support services.
Microsoft, the hardware manufacturer, or the wireless operator are not responsible for providing support for the application (unless one of them is the publisher of the application).
7.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This agreement, the applicable privacy policy, additional terms that accompany the app, and the supplement and update terms constitute the entire license agreement between you and the app publisher.
8.
APPLICABLE LAW.
a.
United States and Canada.
If the application is made in the United States or Canada, the law governing the interpretation of these terms, infringement claims, and any other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition and tort) will be the law of the country or province in which you reside ( or, in the case of a business where your principal place of business is located), irrespective of its conflict of laws principles.
b.
Outside the United States and Canada.
If you acquired the application in any other country, the applicable law is the law of that country.
9.
LEGAL EFFECTS.
Certain rights are described in this agreement.
You may have other legal rights under your state or national law.
This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or federal state if that law does not allow you to do so.
10.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIABILITY.
The Application is licensed "as is", "with all defects" and "as available".
The Application Publisher, on behalf of itself, Microsoft (unless Microsoft is the application publisher), the wireless network operators through which it distributes the application, and all Microsoft affiliates, vendors, agents, and suppliers ("Disclaimers"), make no additional warranties, guarantees or other guarantees regarding the application.
You have all applicable warranties and guarantees under applicable law, but Microsoft makes no other warranties or guarantees.
To the extent permitted by national law, the Disclaimer of Liability Entities exclude all their liability for implied mandatory warranties, including for commercial value, fitness for a particular purpose, safety, comfort and non-infringement of intellectual property rights.
11.
LIMITATION OF RIGHTS AND LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES.
a.
The app publisher is not responsible for any user content or other third party material, including links to third party websites, or for activities offered by users.
Such content and activities cannot be attributed to the publisher of the application, nor do they represent their opinion.
b.
The app publisher is only liable in the event of a breach of material obligations under these license terms.
c.
The app publisher and its brokers and legal representatives will not be liable for unforeseeable damages or financial losses related to any indirect damages, including loss of profits, unless the app publisher and its brokers or legal representatives have been guilty of at least gross negligence or willful non-performance. or improper performance of the provisions of the concluded contract.
d.
The limitation of liability does not affect the statutory objective liability (liability independent of fault) of the app publisher, including, in particular, liability under the Product Liability Act and statutory liability for breach of warranty.
The same applies to the liability of the app publisher and its intermediaries or legal representatives in the event of fraud or negligent personal injury or death.
e.
No legal or contractual claims other than those discussed in (a) - (e) of this section 11 may arise under these license terms for the application, use of the application, or the service made available through the application.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Contract services
The following products, applications and services are covered by the Microsoft Services Agreement but may not be commercially available in your country.
Account.microsoft.com
Device Health app
Maps application
Bing Search application
Microsoft Support and Recovery Assistant for Office 365
Bing Apps
Bing Dictionary
Bing Image and News (iOS)
Bing Pages
Bing Rebates
Bing Search APIs/SDKs
Bing Translator
Bing Webmaster
Bing.com
Bingplaces.com
Cortana skills by Microsoft
Cortana
Default Homepage and New Tab Page on Microsoft Edge
Dev Center App
Dictate
education.minecraft.net
Windows Live editor
Face Swap
Feedback Intake Tool for Azure Maps (aka “Azure Maps Feedback”)
Filmy i TV Microsoft
Forms.microsoft.com
forzamotorsport.net
Windows Photo Gallery
Groove Music Pass
Groove
GroupMe
Minecraft games
Windows games, applications and websites published by Microsoft
Intelligent Search
Microsoft account
LineBack
Mapy Bing
Microsoft 365 Business Standard and Microsoft 365 Applications *
* Until you create a commercial domain to use these services, at which time separate terms of use for Microsoft commercial services will apply.
Microsoft 365 Consumer
Microsoft 365 Family
Microsoft 365 Personal
Microsoft Academic
Microsoft Add-Ins for Skype
Microsoft Bots
Microsoft Educator Community
Microsoft Health
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Math Solver
Microsoft Pay
Microsoft Pix
Microsoft Research Interactive Science
Microsoft Research Open Data
Microsoft Search on Bing
Microsoft Soundscape
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Wallpaper
Microsoft XiaoIce
Minecraft Realms Plus and Minecraft Realms
Mixer
MSN Dial Up
MSN Explorer
MSN Finance
MSN Kitchen
MSN Travel
MSN weather
MSN Premium
MSN Sport
MSN News
MSN Health and Fitness
MSN.com
Next Lock Screen
Office 365 Pro Plus optional connected experiences
Office in Microsoft 365 Consumer
Office in Microsoft 365 Family
Office in Microsoft 365 Personal
Office Sway
Office on the Internet (previously Office Online)
Office.com
OneDrive.com
OneDrive
OneNote.com
Outlook.com
Paint 3D
Windows Live Mail
Presentation Translator
Rinna
rise4fun
Microsoft family
Seeing AI
Send
Office Store
Windows Store
Xbox Store
Store
Skype in the Classroom
Skype Manager
Skype.com
Skype
Snip Insights
Spreadsheet Keyboard
Sway.com
to-do.microsoft.com
Translator for Microsoft Edge
Translator Live
UrWeather
ux.microsoft.com
Video Breakdown
Visio Online
Web Translator
whiteboard.office.com
Wideo Xbox
Windows Movie Maker
Xbox Game Studios sites, applications and games
Xbox Game Pass
Xbox Live Gold
Xbox Live
Xbox Music
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
Affiliates entering into a contract (for paid services under section 10 (b))
Currently, there are no affiliates entering into the agreement.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited is the only contracting entity for the User.
[Go to the top of the page] To the top of the page
