Terms of use of the website
Thanks for using Pinterest!
These Terms of Use (the "Terms") govern access to and use of the Pinterest website, its applications, APIs and widgets ("Pinterest" or the "Service").
Please read these Terms carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
By accessing or using Pinterest, you agree to be bound by these Terms, Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Community Guidelines.
Put simply
Every company has its own rules.
Here are ours.
1.
Our services
Pinterest helps you discover new things and do what you like best.
To this end, we show you things that we believe will be relevant, interesting and tailored to you based on your activities on and off our website.
In order for us to provide our services, we need to be able to identify you and know your interests.
Some of the items we show are promoted by advertisers.
As part of our services, we try to make the promoted content relevant and interesting for you.
You will recognize the promoted content by clearly labeling it.
Put simply
Pinterest helps you discover new things and do what you like best.
It is tailored to you.
We need to know what you like so that everything on Pinterest is relevant to you.
2.
Use of Pinterest
a.
Who Can Use Pinterest?
You may only use Pinterest if you are able to enter into a legally binding contract with Pinterest and only in accordance with these Terms and applicable law.
After creating your Pinterest account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information.
You may not use Pinterest if it is prohibited under US sanctions.
Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13.
years of age are not allowed.
If you live in the EEA, you may only use Pinterest if you are of the age at which you can consent to the processing of your data under the laws of your country.
Using Pinterest may include downloading software to your computer, phone, tablet, or other device.
You agree that we may update this software automatically, and these Terms will apply to all updates.
b.
The license we grant you
Subject to these Terms and our policies (including our Community Guidelines), we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our services.
c.
Commercial use of Pinterest
If you want to use Pinterest for commercial purposes, you'll need to create a business account and agree to our Business Terms of Service.
If you open an account for a company, organization, or other entity, the term "you" applies to you and that entity.
You further represent that you are authorized to grant all rights and licenses under the Terms and that you are bound by these Terms and that you agree to these terms on behalf of the entity.
Put simply
You can't use Pinterest if you're under 13 (or older in some countries).
Also, if you use Pinterest for work, you'll need to sign up for a business account.
3.
Your content
a.
Content publishing
Pinterest allows you to post content, including photos, comments, links and other materials.
Anything you post or otherwise make available on Pinterest is referred to as "User Content."
You have all rights and are fully responsible for the User Content you post on Pinterest.
Put simply
If you publish your own content on Pinterest, it still belongs to you.
b.
How Pinterest and other users can use your content
You grant Pinterest and its users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, global license to use, store, display, play, save, modify, derivative works, perform and distribute your User Content on Pinterest for the sole purpose of operating, developing, delivering and using Pinterest.
Nothing in these Terms restricts any other rights Pinterest may have to User Content, such as under other licenses.
We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content or change the way it is used on Pinterest for any reason.
This includes User Content that we believe violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or other policies.
Put simply
If you publish your content to Pinterest, it still belongs to you, but we can show it to other people and they can save it.
Don't post pornographic or spammy content, and don't be disgraceful towards other Pinterest users.
d.
How long do we keep your content?
After your account is closed or deactivated, or if you remove any User Content from Pinterest, we may retain your User Content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or auditing purposes.
Pinterest and its users may continue to use, store, display, play, rewind, modify, derivative works, perform and distribute User Content that other users have saved or shared on Pinterest.
Put simply
If you choose to post your content, you give us permission to use it for the purposes of providing and improving Pinterest's services.
Copies of content you've shared with others may remain even after you've removed it from your account.
e.
Your feedback
We value interaction with our users and are always interested in finding out ways that will allow us to make Pinterest even more amazing.
If you choose to send us a comment, ideas or opinion, you agree that we can use them freely, without restriction or compensation to you.
By accepting your submission, Pinterest does not waive any rights to use similar or related feedback previously known to Pinterest or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than yours.
Put simply
We can use your suggestions to improve Pinterest.
4.
Copyright protection rules
Pinterest has adopted and implemented the Copyright Policy under the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable copyright laws.
For more information, please see the Copyright Policy.
Put simply
We respect copyrights.
And you should too.
5.
Security
We care about the safety of our users.
While we strive to keep your content and account safe, Pinterest cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to circumvent our security measures.
Please keep your password secure.
Please notify us immediately in the event of any breach or unauthorized use of your account.
Put simply
You can help us fight spammers by following these security tips.
6.
External Links, Sites, and Services
Pinterest may contain links to external websites, advertisers, services, special offers, and other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Pinterest.
We do not endorse and are not responsible for such third party sites, information, materials, products, or services.
If you access any external website, service or content through Pinterest, you do so at your own risk and agree that Pinterest is not responsible for your use of, or access to, any external website, service or content.
Put simply
Pinterest contains links pointing to content outside of Pinterest.
Most of them are really great, but we're not responsible if it turns out otherwise.
7.
Denunciation
Pinterest may terminate or suspend a user's right to access or use Pinterest for any reason and with reasonable notice.
We may terminate or suspend it at any time without notice if we have good reason to do so, including in violation of our Community Guidelines.
After the termination of the contract, points.
3 and 8 of these Terms.
Put simply
Pinterest is a free service.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide services to selected users - in which case, we will issue appropriate notification.
8.
Compensation
If you use Pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e.
you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our Terms of Service as required by section 2 (c) of these Terms, you agree to indemnify and protect Pinterest Europe Ltd, its affiliates and employees, directors and agents from any claim, action, proceeding , disputes, demands, obligations, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defending claims, lawsuits, complaints brought by third parties), in every possible way related to your access to our services, your User Content, or related to your use of or breach of any of these terms.
Put simply
If we get sued because of something your business is doing on Pinterest, you will have to pay our costs.
You must also have a business account first and agree to our Business Terms of Service.
9.
Disclaimer of Liability
Our services and all Pinterest content are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied.
Pinterest specifically disclaims any and all warranties and terms of sale, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement and any warranties arising from the course of the transaction or trade.
Pinterest is not responsible for any User Content that you or other users or third parties post or send using our services.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, inappropriate for children, or otherwise not as expected.
If you are a consumer residing in the EEA, we do not exclude or limit any liability for gross negligence, willfulness, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.
Put simply
Unfortunately, people often post bad stuff on sites like Pinterest.
We take this seriously, but you may encounter this content before we can remove it.
If you see inappropriate material, please report it to us here.
10.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW Pinterest NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR LOSS OF DATA, LOSS ARISING FROM THE USE, GOODWILL OR OTHER LOSS ASSETS RESULTING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OR FAILURE APPLICATION SERVICES (B) any use or to include any third party THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY blasphemous or fraudulent use USERS or third parties or (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE, OR CHANGES TO YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL PINTEREST'S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THE SERVICES EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US $ 100.00).
If we cause you harm and you are a consumer residing in the EEA, the above considerations do not apply.
Instead, Pinterest's liability will be limited to foreseeable damages arising from the breach of material contractual obligations typical of such contracts.
Pinterest is not liable for damages resulting from non-material breach of any other applicable duty of care.
This limitation of liability will not apply to statutory liability, which cannot be limited, to liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or to the exclusion of our liability for something we have specifically promised you.
Put simply
We create the best possible service for you, but we cannot promise you that it will be perfect.
We cannot be held responsible for many things.
If you think we are responsible for something, let's try to solve it like adults.
11.
Arbitration
For any dispute with Pinterest, you agree to first contact us and try to resolve the dispute with us informally.
If we need to contact you, we will do so at the email address provided in your Pinterest account.
If Pinterest is unable to resolve a dispute with you informally, both parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute or controversy (excluding claims for collateral or other equitable remedies) arising out of or in connection with these Terms through binding arbitration or (for qualifying claims). ) in the court of
small civil matters.
Arbitration is a less formal way of resolving disputes than going to court.
For example, in arbitration there is a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury and a smaller scope of examining evidence.
Arbitration is also subject to very limited judicial review.
Although the process is more informal, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief as a court.
By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act (U.
S.
The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and you and Pinterest both waive your right to a jury trial or class action lawsuit.
The arbitrator has sole authority to settle any dispute relating to the interpretation, application or enforceability of such binding arbitration agreement.
This arbitration clause will take effect upon termination of this Agreement and your Pinterest account is closed.
Any arbitration will be governed by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, except as provided herein.
You can find their forms at www.adr.org.
Unless you and Pinterest agree otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted in the municipality (or county) where you reside.
Each party will be responsible for the AAA filing, administrative and arbitration fees per AAA rules, except where Pinterest pays administrative and arbitration fees in connection with the filing if the claim for damages does not exceed $ 75,000 and is not frivolous (according to the standards set out in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 11 (b)).
If your claim is for $ 10,000 or less, we agree that you will decide whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator by telephone or face-to-face hearing in accordance with AAA rules.
If the claim exceeds $ 10,000, the right to a hearing will be set forth in the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator issues a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, and any award relating to the awarding of an arbitrator may be recorded in any court with competent jurisdiction.
The provisions of this section shall not prevent any party from seeking redress by order or injunction or other fair compensation before a court in matters related to data security, intellectual property or unauthorized access to the Service.
ANY CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT BY EACH PARTY INDIVIDUALLY, INSTEAD OF A CLASS ACTION WHERE THERE IS ALLOWED TO SUCH A PROCEDURE, AND UNLESS THE PARTIES ORDERED OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRER MAY NOT CONSOLIDE IT.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY SUBJECTING THESE TERMS, YOU AND PINTEREST ARE WAIVING ANY JURY AND CLASS ACTION RIGHT.
THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SERVICE DO NOT AFFECT YOUR NON-WAIVER STATUTORY RIGHTS YOU HAVE.
To the extent that a claim or dispute relating to Pinterest or our services is not amenable to arbitration under applicable law or otherwise, both you and Pinterest agree that any claim or dispute relating to Pinterest will be resolved solely in section 12 of these Terms.
If you are an EEA consumer, Section 11 does not apply to you.
12.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms should be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
If you are not an EEA consumer, the exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes arising out of or in connection with this agreement is San Francisco, California or the U.S. District Court for California's Northern District, and such dispute will be resolved in accordance with California law .
If you are a consumer residing in the EEA, this does not deprive you of any protection afforded to you under the laws of the country where you live or access to the courts of that country.
Put simply
The Bay Area is beautiful this time of year.
And it doesn't matter what time of year it is and that's what's great!
In any case, you can only sue us here.
Within the EEA, this rule only applies if you are a merchant, but does not apply if you are a consumer.
If you are a consumer residing in the EEA, you can sue us in a national court.
13.
General conditions
Notification procedures and changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to determine the form and method of delivering notifications, and you consent to receiving legal notices electronically if we choose to do so.
We may change our Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website.
If a version, at our discretion, becomes effective, we will notify you.
By continuing to use Pinterest, you are accepting the revised Terms and Conditions after the amendment becomes effective.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using Pinterest.
Put simply
If we make major changes to our policies, we'll let you know.
If you do not like the new terms, you must stop using Pinterest.
Transfer
These Terms and any rights and licenses granted under this Agreement may not be assigned or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Pinterest without restriction.
Any attempted assignment in breach of this agreement will be void.
If you are a consumer residing in the EEA, both you and Pinterest may assign this agreement and any rights and licenses it grants to a third party.
In the event that Pinterest makes such an assignment, you have the right to terminate the contract with immediate effect by deactivating your account.
Pinterest will inform you in advance of such transfer.
Entire Agreement / Severability
These terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any changes and additional agreements you may enter into with Pinterest, constitute the entire agreement between you and Pinterest regarding the services it offers.
If any provision of these Terms is held invalid, that provision will be deleted or limited to the minimum necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
No waiver
A waiver of any of these Terms shall not be considered a future waiver of that or any other term, and Pinterest's inability to assert any rights or provisions under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Parties
If you live in the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Inc.,
651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
If you live outside the United States, these Terms are a contract between you and Pinterest Europe Ltd.,
an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Put simply
Who you live with depends on where you live.
Entry into force on May 1, 2018
