Terms of Service
Introduction to Quora's Terms of Service
Welcome to Quora!
Here's a quick summary of the most important elements of the Terms of Service:
Quora's mission is to share knowledge with the world.
The Quora platform offers a place to ask questions and connect with people who offer their unique view of the world and high-quality answers.
This allows people to learn from each other and understand the world better.
The user is the owner of the content he publishes; also grants Quora and other Quora users certain rights and license to use them.
The details of these licenses are described in section 3 (c) below.
The user is responsible for the published content.
This includes ensuring that it has the rights necessary to post that content and that User Content does not infringe the rights of others (for example, in the form of defamation) or any applicable law.
You may republish your Quora content elsewhere, as long as you assign it back to Quora and respect the rights of the original publisher, including any “not for processing” markings.
Quora does not endorse or review user-posted content.
Quora content and materials are provided to you in its original condition, without warranty of any kind.
You are solely responsible for your own use of the Quora platform.
Posts from lawyers, doctors and other specialists should not be taken as a substitute for professional advice in a specific situation.
The user agrees to abide by the rules of the Quora platform.
By using Quora, you also agree to the Quora Terms of Service, agree to the Privacy Policy, and agree to be bound by the Community Terms, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy.
The Quora platform offers feedback and complaint reporting tools.
If you believe that someone has infringed your intellectual property rights, other rights, or the policies of Quora, you may initiate a report through the Contact Portal or the built-in infringement reporting tool.
We are delighted that you are interested in joining the Quora platform and encourage you to read the full Terms of Service.
Quora Terms of Service
Last updated: October 23, 2018
Welcome to Quora!
Quora is a knowledge-sharing platform that enables people to learn from others and better understand the world.
These Terms of Service ("Terms of Service") govern the agreement ("Agreement") between you and Quora, Inc. ("
firma Quora”).
They govern your use of the products and services that Quora offers through its website and application (collectively, the "Quora Platform").
You should read them because by using the Quora platform you are agreeing to these terms.
Quora mission
Quora's mission is to share knowledge with the world.
The Quora platform offers a place to ask questions and communicate with people who offer their unique view of the world and high-quality answers.
This allows people to learn from each other and understand the world better.
Using the Quora platform
Who can use it.
Use of the Quora platform by persons under the age of 13 is prohibited.
You represent that you are at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you live, and if not, your parent or legal guardian must agree to these Terms of Service and confirm that you accept this Agreement on your behalf and are responsible for its use from the platform.
Registration.
When setting up your profile on Quora, you will be asked to provide some information about yourself.
You agree to provide us with accurate information, including your real name, when creating your Quora account.
Quora will treat the information you provide during registration in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
Be careful in keeping your password confidential.
Privacy Policy.
Quora's privacy practices are set out in the Privacy Policy.
Use of the Quora platform is governed by the Privacy Policy.
Community rules.
When interacting with others on Quora, you agree to comply with the Privacy Policy at all times.
Denunciation.
You can close your account at any time by going to your account settings and disabling it.
Quora may terminate or suspend your Quora account if you breach any Quora rules or for any other reason.
Changes to the Quora platform.
Quora is always looking to improve your Quora experience.
Occasionally, it must add or change features to do so, and may do so without notice.
Feedback.
Quora welcomes your feedback and suggestions to improve the Quora platform.
Send feedback to quora.com/contact.
By submitting your feedback, you agree to grant Quora, in its sole discretion, the right to use, disclose and otherwise use your feedback, in whole or in part, with restrictions and without compensation to you.
User Content
Definition of User Content.
The Quora platform allows you to add posts, texts, photos, videos, links and files to share with others.
All material that you upload, post, or display to others through Quora will be collectively referred to as "User Content".
You acknowledge and agree that, as part of your use of the Quora Platform, User Content may be viewed by the general public.
Property.
You or your licensors, as applicable, retain ownership of copyright and other intellectual property in their Content, subject to the non-exclusive rights granted to Quora set out below.
License and Permission to Use User Content.
By submitting, posting, or displaying User Content on Quora, you grant Quora and its affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, free, fully paid, transferable, sublicenseable (multi-level) license to use, copy, reproduce, process, customize , modify, create derivative works from, publish, upload, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make publicly available, or otherwise use User Content in connection with the operation or use of Quora or the promotion, advertising or marketing of Quora; or its business partners in all media or distribution methods (now known or developed later).
You agree that this license covers Quora's right to make User Content available to other companies, organizations, business partners, or persons who work with Quora to syndicate, transmit, communicate, and publicly share, distribute, or publish User Content on or through Quora. other media or distribution methods.
This license also covers the right of other Quora users to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, derivative works from, publish, transmit, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make publicly available User Content, subject to Quora's Terms of Service.
If a User does not want his replies to be translated by other users, he may turn off the translation option for all his replies in his profile settings, or he may mark some replies not to be translated.
After posting an answer to a question, the User may at any time edit or remove his answer from the public view on http://www.quora.com, with the exception of anonymous answers.
However, Quora may not be able to control the removal of responses from serving on syndicated channels or other previously distributed methods outside of www.quora.com.
Quora may remove content suspected of being spam from your response.
Once posted, a question may be edited or deleted at any time by other users or by Quora.
Any changes made by the User may be visible to other users.
Quora's right to copy, display, upload, publish, execute, distribute, store, modify or otherwise use any question you post and to sublicense those rights to others is perpetual and irrevocable to the maximum extent permitted by law. except as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora may retain User Content, and may disclose User Content and related information if required by law or in the good faith belief that such behavior or disclosure is reasonable to: (a) comply with legal procedures, applicable laws, or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) responding to claims that any User Content infringes the rights of third parties; (d) detect, prevent or otherwise resolve fraud, security or technical issues; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Quora, its users or the public.
You understand that Quora may modify, adapt, or create derivative works from your User Content for the purpose of uploading, displaying, or distributing it over computer networks, devices, service providers and various media.
We may also remove or refuse to publish User Content, in whole or in part, at any time.
In addition, you consent and authorize Quora to act as a non-exclusive agent to take enforcement action against the unauthorized third-party use of your Content outside of Quora or a breach of our Terms of Service.
User responsibility for its content.
By posting your content on Quora, you represent and warrant that: i) you own or have obtained all necessary licenses or approvals from any parties necessary to use the content and grant Quora the right to use your Content in accordance with this Agreement; and ii) posting User Content does not infringe the intellectual property or personal rights of others, or any applicable law or regulation.
You assume full responsibility for avoiding infringement of the intellectual property or personal rights of others, or violation of laws and regulations in connection with User Content.
You are responsible for ensuring that your Content does not violate the Community Rules, Copyright Policy, Trademark Policy, or any other published Quora policy or other applicable law or regulation.
You agree to pay all license fees, royalties, and any other funds owed to any person in respect of your User Content.
Quora Content and Materials
Definition of Quora Content and Materials.
All intellectual property on or related to the Quora platform (including, but not limited to, software, Quora marks, Quora logos, but excluding User Content) is owned by Quora Inc.
or its subsidiaries and affiliates, or content posted by other Quora users that have been licensed to Quora (collectively, "Quora Content and Materials").
Dane.
All data that Quora collects ("Data") about your or other person's use of the Quora platform is the property of Quora Inc.,
its subsidiaries and affiliates.
For clarity, the Data does not include User Content and is separate from Quora's Content and materials.
Quora License for the User.
Quora grants you a limited, non-exclusive license to use and access Quora Content and materials and data made available on Quora in connection with your use of Quora, subject to the terms of this Agreement.
Quora provides a worldwide, free, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to republish your content and materials anywhere on the web, provided that: (a) the content was added to Quora after April 22, 2010; (
b) the user who created the content has not clearly marked the content as not intended for processing on Quora; (c) the user does not modify the content; (d) The user assigns the name of the Quora platform in readable text and through a human and machine accessible link (HTML anchor tag: <a>), referring to a page displaying the original content source at http://quora.com on each page which includes Quora content and materials; (e) at the request of Quora or another user, you will remove your username from content that that user has subsequently made anonymous; (f) at the request of Quora or the user who contributed to the content, you make reasonable efforts to update the specified portion of the content to the latest version on Quora; and (g) at the request of Quora or the user who contributed to the content, the User will make a reasonable attempt to remove content that has been removed or marked not for processing on Quora; (h) You do not post more than a small portion of Quora's content and materials.
By exercising these rights, you may not, implicitly or explicitly, assert any affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by Quora or any user of the Quora platform without the express prior written consent of Quora.
Quora may terminate the license against you at any time for any reason.
Quora has the right, but not the obligation, to refuse to post any content on the Quora platform or to remove content.
Except for the rights and licenses granted in these terms, Quora reserves all other rights and does not grant any other rights or licenses, implied or otherwise.
Permitted Uses.
If you use a search engine, web crawler, bot, web scraping tools, data mining tools, bulk download tools, wget or a similar data gathering or extraction tool, you may access the Quora platform, subject to the following additional rules: i) must use a descriptive client application header; ii) must always respect the text of the robots.txt file; (iii) its access must not adversely affect any aspect of the functioning of the Quora platform; and iv) The user must explain how to contact him, either in the customer application or on his website if he has one.
No endorsement or verification.
Please note that the Quora platform includes access to third party content, products and services and offers interactions with third parties.
Presence or availability on the Quora platform does not imply endorsement or verification by Quora.
Quora makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any content posted on Quora by anyone.
Property.
You acknowledge and agree that Quora's content and materials remain the property of users of Quora or of Quora.
The content, information and services provided on Quora are protected by copyright, trademark, and other US and international laws and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.
Integrated service provider
You may enable another Internet Service Provider, such as a social network service (an "bundled service provider"), to be integrated directly into your Quora account.
By enabling an integrated service, you enable us to transmit and receive login and other data from the integrated service provider.
For more information on Quora's use, storage and disclosure of User-related information and use of the services integrated into Quora, please see our Privacy Policy.
Please note that your use of any integrated service provider and its own data and information processing is governed solely by its terms of service, privacy and other policies.
Learn more about some of the offers on the Quora platform
Quora Digest.
After registering on the Quora platform, the service includes receiving a Quora Digest message with questions and answers that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving Quora Digest messages and adjust other communication settings by going to the Email and Notification settings in your account profile as described in the Privacy Policy.
Advertising.
The Quora platform may contain advertisements that may target the content or information on the Quora platform, inquiries submitted through the Quora platform, or other information to be tailored to you.
The types and scope of ads on Quora are subject to change.
Given that Quora provides access to and use of the Quora platform, you agree that Quora and its third party suppliers and partners may place such advertisements on the Quora platform.
If you wish to become an advertiser, you will need to enter into a separate agreement with Quora with additional advertising terms on the Quora platform.
Legal, Medical and Other Professional Contributors.
Some users who publish content are members of the legal, medical, and other licensed professions (collectively, "Professional Contributors").
Content posted by Professional Contributors should not be taken as a substitute for professional advice relevant to a particular situation.
Quora has provided a specific Claim Template language that Professional Contributors can edit and include in their responses.
Ethics vary by country or location, and it is Professional Contributors' responsibility to establish and make legal statements appropriate to their profession and content provided.
Buttons, Links and Widgets.
You are entitled to use the buttons, links and widgets of the Quora platform, subject to these Terms of Service (including disclaimers and limitations of liability) and provided that: (a) your use of such buttons, links and widgets only leads to the Quora platform ; (b) you will not modify such buttons, links, widgets or related code in any way; (c) you will not use such buttons, links or widgets in any way that suggests that Quora endorses, sponsors or endorses the website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used; and (d) your use of such buttons, links and widgets, and any website on which such buttons, links and widgets are used, do not violate the Quora Community Rules.
Third party network resources and services.
The Quora Platform may also offer you the ability to visit links to other websites or interact with third party products or services.
The user assumes all risk arising from the use of such sites or resources.
Services requiring a separate agreement.
Certain features or services may require separate and supplementary written agreement prior to use.
Report violations of intellectual property rights, Quora's policies, or applicable law
Quora has a special process to report violations of intellectual property rights or other violations of Quora's policies or applicable law.
Copyright and Trademark Policy.
Quora has adopted and implemented the Copyright Policy and Trademark Policy.
For more information, including details on how to file a takedown request if you believe that content on Quora infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our Copyright and Trademark Policy.
For your convenience, Quora provides the following Copyright Claim Form and Trademark Claim Form, which must be used as appropriate for the fastest processing.
Reports of other violations.
If you consider content on Quora to be in violation of the Quora Community Terms or otherwise in violation of applicable law (in addition to infringing copyright or trademarks) or other Quora policies, you may submit the following Other Infringement Claim Form.
Quora is not obligated to remove content that you may personally perceive as inappropriate or offensive.
Quora is committed to responding promptly to takedown requests, consistent with Quora's policies and applicable law.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE SECTION BELOW AS IT DEFINES THE LIMITATION OF QUORA'S LIABILITY TO YOU.
"QUORA ENTITIES" DESIGNATE QUORA INC.
AND ANY SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATIONS, RELATED ENTITIES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS, AND OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYERS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THEM.
EVERY PROVISION BELOW SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
QUORA PROVIDES YOU THE QUORA PLATFORM WITH ITS CONTENT AND MATERIALS AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO COMMUNICATE WITH OTHER USERS ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS IS" BASIS AND "AS IS" AND "AS IS" AVAILABLE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING ENTITIES RECORDING Quora EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM USE OR COMMERCIAL USE.
QUORA MAKES NO PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR: (i) CONTENT PUBLISHED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY; (ii) ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE, THIRD PARTY PRODUCT, OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE LISTED OR AVAILABLE UNDER THE QUOR PLATFORM, INCLUDING AN INTEGRATED PROFESSIONAL SERVICE PROVIDER; (iii) THE QUALITY OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ENCOUNTERED BY THE USER IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE QUORA PLATFORM; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR CHANGE OF CONTENT.
QUORA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (a) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED, PUNCTUALLY, SAFE OR ERROR-FREE; (c) RESULTS OR INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN WHEN USING THE QUOR PLATFORM, ADVICE BY A PROFESSIONAL CO-AUTHOR OR OTHER USER WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE QUORA PLATFORM WILL BE SATISFACTORY.
YOU AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, QUORA ENTITIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU ON THEORY OF LIABILITY.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING RECORD, YOU AGREE THAT THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MARKETING Quora ESPECIALLY NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF CONTINUITY OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR LOSS OF DATA (EVEN IF QUORA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OR IMPOSSIBILITY OF THE USE OF QUORA.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE USE OF THE QUOR PLATFORM IS TO STOP USING THE QUORA PLATFORM.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING RECORD, MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF Quora FOR LOSS OR DAMAGES THAT YOU ASSUME IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF PLATFORM Quora OR THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE COMPANY Quora OF PLATFORM Quora NOT EARLIER THAN 12 MONTHS BEFORE THE PERFORMANCE obligating LIABILITY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
As a result, the foregoing limitations or exclusions may not apply to you in whole or in part, and Sections 8 (c), 8 (d) and 8 (e) above will not apply to your residence WHERE DAMAGE TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS IS A RESULT OF NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, INJURY, OR INTENTIONAL HARMFUL ACTION.
Compensation
You agree to indemnify, indemnify, and defend Quora entities from all third party claims and costs (including reasonable attorney fees) arising from or related to: i) your use of the Quora platform, ii) User Content, iii) your interaction or treatment with other users Quora platforms; or iv) a breach of any part of this Agreement.
Quora will immediately notify you of any such claim and provide (at your expense) reasonable assistance in defending the claim.
You will allow Quora to participate in the defense and will not settle any such claim without the prior written consent of Quora.
Quora reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume its sole defense against any matter that would otherwise be indemnified by you.
In such event, the User will have no further obligation to defend Quora in this regard.
Dispute resolution
This Agreement and all actions arising from your use of the Quora platform will be governed by the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the laws of your country or state of residence.
Unless subject to arbitration as set out in the paragraph below, any claim, legal action or litigation arising out of your use of the Quora platform will only be adjudicated in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to the jurisdiction and location of such courts and waives any objection to the forum non conveniens principle.
For any claim (excluding any injunction or other just satisfaction) under this Agreement where the aggregate amount claimed is less than $ 10,000, the party requesting an exemption may decide to resolve the dispute by non-binding, binding arbitration. on appearance.
The party choosing such arbitration shall commence arbitration through an agreed provider of alternative dispute resolution methods mutually agreed by the parties.
The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) arbitration will be conducted by telephone, over the Internet, or solely on the basis of written submissions, at the discretion of the party initiating the arbitration; (b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by parties or witnesses, unless the parties mutually agree otherwise; and c) any award of the arbitrator may be made in any court of competent jurisdiction.
General conditions
Changes to these terms.
Quora may amend this Agreement (including any policies such as the Privacy Policy, Community Terms, Copyright Policy, and Trademark Policy that are incorporated into this Agreement) at any time in its sole discretion.
If Quora changes material terms of this Agreement, such change will be effective from the time we send you notice of the revised agreement.
Such notice will be sent at Quora's sole discretion and the method of notification may include, for example,
email, notification posted on Quora or otherwise.
You can review the Agreement and the main terms at any time here.
Your failure to terminate your account or discontinue your use of Quora after notification of the change will constitute acceptance of the changed terms.
If you do not agree to the changes or any of the terms of this Agreement, your only remedy is to delete your account or stop using Quora.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
You agree that Quora is operating in the United States and that its sole location will be California based as a passive service for jurisdictional analysis purposes.
For claims where arbitration does not apply, you agree that such claims will be brought in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, and will be governed by the laws of the State of California and federal law without regard to any conflict of laws provisions.
Use Outside the United States.
Quora expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the Quora platform complies with all applicable laws and regulations outside the United States.
If you use Quora outside of the United States, you understand and agree that you are responsible for determining compliance with various laws, regulations or customs that may apply in connection with your use of Quora.
Export.
The Quora platform is controlled and operated at Quora's US offices in California.
Quora software is subject to US export controls.
No Quora software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of applicable laws and regulations.
You certify that you are not (1) located in a US government embargo or designated by the US government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (2) is not listed on any US Government Restricted or Restricted List.
Applications and mobile devices.
If you access the Quora platform through the Quora application, you acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Quora only and not with another application service provider or application platform provider (such as Apple Inc.
or Google Inc.),
who can provide the application under their own conditions.
To the extent that you access Quora via a mobile device, standard mobile operator fees, data charges, and other charges may apply.
Survival.
The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 2 (e) (Termination), 2 (g) (Feedback), Section 3 (User Content), Section 4 (a) - (b) and (d) - ( f) (Quora Content and Materials), Section 8 (Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Section 10 (Dispute Resolution) and Section 11 (General Terms).
Notice to California Users.
Under section 1789.
3 of the California Civil Code, California Internet users are entitled to the following specific notice of consumer rights: The Quora Platform is provided by Quora, Inc.
based in Mountain View, California.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the Quora platform, please contact Quora at support@quora.com.
California residents may contact the Consumer Information Department at 1625 N.
Market Blvd.,
Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834 or by calling (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or for those with a hearing impairment in TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.
Government end users.
All Quora software and related documentation are "Trade Items" as that term is defined in 48 CFR § 2.
101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as these terms are defined in 48 CFR §12, respectively.
212 or 48 CFR § 227.
7202.
Consistent with articles 48 CFR §12, respectively.
212 or 48 CFR § 227.
7202-1 do 227.
7202-4 commercial computer software and commercial computer software documentation are licensed to US Government end users: (i) only as commercial items; and (ii) only with those rights granted to all other end users under this Agreement.
Transmission.
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement) without the prior written consent of Quora; any attempted assignment or transfer without complying with the foregoing will be void.
Quora is free to assign or transfer this Agreement.
This Agreement is binding on and binding upon the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors and assigns.
Electronic communication.
You agree to receive e-mail from Quora in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that all contracts, notices, disclosures and other information that Quora provides to you electronically will comply with all legal requirements for written communications.
Entire agreement / Severability clause.
This Agreement supersedes all prior terms, agreements, discussions, and writings relating to Quora and constitutes the entire agreement between you and Quora relating to Quora (except for services which require a separate written agreement, outside of this Agreement).
Should any provision of this Agreement prove to be unenforceable, then this provision shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Interpretation.
When interpreting or interpreting the terms of this Agreement: (i) the headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and should not be taken into account, and (ii) no presumption should be used in favor of either party in connection with its role as an advisor in the preparation of this Agreement.
Notifications.
All notices permitted or required under this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, must be sent in writing in the following manner to be valid: (i) if to you, by Quora, via email on the address associated with the User's account, and (ii) if to Quora, by the User, to legal@quora.com.
Notices will be deemed given (a) if they are to you when sent by e-mail, and (b) if they are for Quora, when Quora receives the message.
Relations.
This Agreement does not create a company, agency, partnership, or other form of joint venture between you and Quora.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither party has the right, authority or authority to create any obligation or obligation, express or implied, on behalf of the other party.
Disclaimer.
No waiver of any conditions will be deemed to constitute a further or continuous waiver of such conditions or any other conditions.
Quora's failure to enforce a right or provision under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Further assurances.
You agree to print the paper version of this Agreement and any other documents and to take any action at Quora's expense that Quora may ask for in order to confirm and comply with this Agreement and any rights or obligations of you under this Agreement.
Contact.
You may contact us at quora.com/contact if you have any questions about these terms.
Quora is a Delaware Corporation, headquartered at 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041.
