Terms of use
Last updated: February 2020
Who we are?
Skyscanner ("we", "us", "our" etc.,
depending on context) is an online service that offers searchable travel information (including price comparisons for flights, hotels and car rentals) and other travel-related services ("Services") to people around the world through its websites, apps and platforms ("Platforms").
Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for providing, setting or controlling prices for any travel-related options or products that can be found and booked through the Services ("Travel-Related Third Party Products").
All Travel Related Third Party Products are offered by independent travel agents, airlines, hotels, tour operators or other third parties ("Travel Product Providers") under the terms and conditions specified by such third parties.
The Services and Platforms are provided by Skyscanner Limited, a private limited company incorporated and registered in England and Wales, Reg.
04217916.
Other entities that directly or indirectly control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Skyscanner are hereinafter referred to as "Skyscanner Group Companies".
Our details, including our mailing address and registered office address, can be found on our Company Details page.
These terms
These terms (the "Terms"), together with our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Community Guidelines, govern your access to, and use of, the Services and Platforms.
By accessing or using the Services or Platforms, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to these Terms and the policies set out in the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Community Guidelines.
Certain Services and Platforms (for example, our "Skyscanner for Business" products) may impose different terms on your use of such services.
In such event, you will be clearly informed and such terms will apply in place of or in conjunction with the Terms, as the case may be.
We have the right to amend these Terms at any time at our discretion.
If we change the Terms, we will post the most recent version and we will assume that you have accepted all our changes if you continue to use the Services or Platforms after we post the changes to the Terms.
If you do not agree to all of these Terms, you should not use the Services or Platforms.
Use of the Services
The User may use the Services and Platforms only in accordance with applicable laws and for lawful purposes.
In exchange for your consent to be bound by these Terms, we grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to download, access, and use the Services and Platforms solely for your own private, non-commercial purposes.
We grant this license provided you agree not to:
use the Services or Platforms for any improper or unlawful purpose, and not post, share or transmit any material: (i) that is defamatory, abusive, indecent or that may cause objection for any other reason; (ii) abusing the trust or privacy or other rights of third parties, including copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights; (iii) to advertise or promote yourself or third parties; (iv) that misrepresents or misrepresent your identity, or in any way imply that you are sponsored by, affiliated with, or otherwise affiliated with Skyscanner; or (v) for which you do not have any other rights or permissions to make them available;
use the Services or the Platforms for any commercial purpose or in any way that may harm or compromise Skyscanner;
disassemble, reconstruct source code or otherwise decompile any software, application, update or device that is part of or accessible through the Services or Platforms, except as permitted by law;
copy, distribute, publicly disclose, sell, rent, rent or otherwise exploit the Services or Platforms, or attempt to violate or circumvent any security measures employed to limit your access to or use of the Services or Platforms;
use or disrupt the operation of the Services or Platforms in a way that could damage, block, overload, infringe or otherwise adversely affect our systems or security, or disturb our other users;
introduce to the Services or Platforms or transmit through them any disruptive or malicious code, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, code used to carry out the so-called
DoS attacks or spamming; or
remove, alter or replace any authorship, trademarks, company names, logos or other indications of origin on the Services or Platforms, or claim or attempt to claim that the Services or Platforms are a product of a party other than Skyscanner.
You also agree not to use any unauthorized automated computer programs, agents, bots, spiders, other applications or software to scan, copy, index, sort or otherwise use the Services or Platforms or the data thereon.
Skyscanner has invested heavily in collecting, processing and presenting thousands of travel-related data providers and offering access to such data on a commercial API basis, so any breach of this provision constitutes a material breach of the Terms and Skyscanner reserves the right to take any technical or legal steps to detect and limit unauthorized automatic access to the Services and Platforms.
If you register for the use of the Services or Platforms with an account or password that requires logging in, you must keep your login details and password confidential and secure.
If you become aware that the security of your login details has been compromised, or for any reason you suspect that it has been compromised, please notify us immediately via our Helpdesk.
The Services and Platforms are not intended for children under the age of 16, and no person of that age may provide any information on or through the Services or Platforms.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 16 and if we learn that we have collected or received such information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
To the extent that any element of the Services or Platforms is on a third party website (e.g.
on a Facebook or other social networking site) and separate terms of use for that website apply, you agree to be bound by them, notwithstanding the Terms.
Providing us with information
We take the privacy of our users seriously and always comply with the relevant data protection laws.
You acknowledge that any personal information (as defined in our Privacy Policy) that you submit to or through the Services or Platforms may be used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You ensure that all personal information you provide to us is accurate and up-to-date and that you have all consents, licenses or approvals necessary for us to use such information in accordance with the Terms, our community guidelines, and our Privacy Policy.
To the extent the Services or Platforms allow you to post, upload, transmit or otherwise make available any information, images, videos or other data to Skyscanner or other users of the Services or Platforms ("User Content"), you agree that that:
is solely responsible for the User Content that it uploads and that it will not make available any material that it does not have permission or rights to share and for which it cannot grant the license as set out in section 2 below;
While all intellectual property rights relating to User Content are owned by you or your licensors and you may make your User Content available to anyone, you hereby grant Skyscanner and the Skyscanner Group Companies a non-exclusive, perpetual, free, geographically unlimited transferable right that may be sublicensable, to post, use, reproduce electronically or otherwise, publicly display, distribute, modify, adapt, publish, translate and compile all or any part of your Content (as set out in our Privacy Policy), including for advertising and marketing of the Services or Platforms.
For example, we may make User Content available to our business partners or other Skyscanner Group Companies for inclusion on their own sites.
You retain control of your User Content submitted to the Services and you may cancel your license at any time by deleting User Content or your Skyscanner account.
User Content indicated by the user will be deleted within 48 hours.
We are under no obligation to store, retain, post, or make available any portion of your User Content, and you are responsible for backing up your User Content.
To the extent that you provide us with any suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas or other feedback ("Feedback"), you transfer all intellectual property rights in the Feedback to us and acknowledge that we may use and share the Feedback for any purpose at our discretion.
You can provide Feedback to us by clicking on the "Feedback" tab or through our Helpdesk.
Property of Skyscanner
Except as set out elsewhere in these Terms, all intellectual property rights, including, for example, copyrights (including computer software copyrights), patents, trademarks, company names, design rights, database rights, know-how, The trade secrets and confidentiality rights of the Services and Platforms (collectively, the "Intellectual Property Rights") are owned or licensed by Skyscanner.
You acknowledge that, by using the Services or Platforms, you do not obtain any right or title to any Intellectual Property Rights, except for the limited license to use them granted to you under the Terms.
You also agree that you are not authorized to access any Services or Platforms in source code form, unless it has been disclosed under a license expressly authorizing such access.
Property of others
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
If you have reason to believe that your copyright is infringed by any content that is part of the Services or Platforms, please send written notice of such alleged infringement to the Legal Department at legal@skyscanner.net.
The User may also contact us by writing to the following address:
Skyscanner Legal Department
Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh, EH3 9EN
To help us resolve the alleged breach and, where applicable, to issue a valid notification as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) (for which the Legal Department is acting as designated agent), you should provide the following in your notification:
indication of the work whose copyright has been infringed in the user's opinion;
identifying the infringing material and providing sufficient information for us to find it on our Services (e.g.
by entering its address or URLs);
information sufficient for Skyscanner to contact you, such as address, telephone number and, if possible, email address;
A statement by you that, in good faith, you believe that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
for claims under the DMCA only, a statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is true that you are the copyright owner or have the authority to act on behalf of the copyright owner, and your personal or electronic signature user.
Pricing Accuracy and Warranties Disclaimer
The use of the Services and Platforms is entirely at the user's own risk.
While we have strict price accuracy policies for all Travel Providers who provide us with travel-related data, and we make every effort to ensure that content provided on or through the Services and Platforms is accurate and up-to-date, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or accuracy of the truthfulness of such content.
Likewise, our price forecasts are based on data in our possession which refer to past price trends, but there is no guarantee that our forecasts will prove to be accurate.
We offer the Services and Platforms on an "as-is" basis and expressly disclaim all warranties, conditions and warranties, express or implied, including, for example, the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, and warranties of accuracy, and also any implied warranties on the basis of commercial practice, precedent or previous course of action.
To the extent permitted by law, we make no representations and make no warranties that the Services or Platforms (a) are accurate, complete or up to date; (b) will always be available; (c) meet the user's expectations; or that (d) it is safe and free from bugs, defects, faults, viruses and malware.
Forecasting prices
Skyscanner may provide you with flight forecasts if you have set yourself price alerts.
Our price alerts are our predictions which we may provide at any time based on the past data we have.
There is no guarantee that our forecasts will be accurate as pricing and product availability are dependent on third parties as explained above.
While you may choose to rely on our forecasts, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of these forecasts, and we shall not be responsible for any inaccuracies or non-availability of the prices provided by us.
Making travel bookings via Skyscanner
Skyscanner is not a travel agent and is not responsible for the performance of any travel options displayed on the Services or Platforms or for setting or controlling the prices we display.
All Travel Related Third Party Products that you can find and / or book through the Services or Platforms are offered by Independent Travel Providers.
Skyscanner facilitates booking with Travel Product Providers, but does not accept any liability to you in relation to such bookings.
The identity of the relevant Travel Provider and the terms and conditions relating to your booking ("Travel Provider Terms") are communicated to you when you make your booking; the user should read and fully understand them before completing the booking.
The Travel Provider's terms set out your rights against the Travel Provider and explain what your liability is to you in the event of a booking or service not being properly processed.
You agree to fully comply with the applicable Travel Provider Terms and Conditions.
You acknowledge that a breach of the Travel Provider's Terms and Conditions may result in the cancellation of tickets or bookings, frequent flier points or other benefits, and the need to pay additional fees.
If you have used the Platforms to book two or more related travel products within 24 hours (e.g.
flight and - separately and within 24 hours of the first booking - the hotel), this can be considered a so-called "
Combined Mode of Travel ”(depending on where the user is located) and the relevant consumer protection laws may apply.
If you create a Combined Form of Travel, you may not benefit from consumer protection to the same extent as if you booked a flight and hotel together through the same agency (where you may be eligible for the benefits of booking a package tour).
This means that you must rely on each of the Travel Providers to fulfill their obligations and that you are not entitled to the remedies applicable to package travel organizers or sellers.
In the event of the insolvency of one of the Travel Product Suppliers related to the Combined Travel Mode, the protection provided under the EU Package Travel Regulations may not apply.
Limitations and Exclusions of Liability
These Terms set out all of Skyscanner's obligations and responsibilities with respect to the Services and Platforms.
Skyscanner cannot be held responsible in any way for any arrangements between you and a third party resulting from your use of the Services or Platforms (including, for example, arrangements made with any Travel Provider).
In the event of any problem with a booking you have made or attempted to make through Skyscanner, you agree that you should resolve the problem with the relevant Travel Provider and that you are solely entitled to seek redress in such circumstances, including a refund, you to the Travel Product Provider, and not to Skyscanner.
Any links to other third party websites and resources attached to the Services or Platforms are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the content of such websites or resources and accept no responsibility or liability whatsoever for such websites or resources or for any loss or damage arising from your use of them.
When using the Services or Platforms, the user may see advertising materials of third parties.
Each advertiser is solely responsible for the content of their advertising material and Skyscanner disclaims liability for the content of the advertising material, including, for example, any errors, omissions or inaccuracies therein.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we (together with our officers, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, suppliers and third parties) disclaim liability for (a) any inaccuracies or omissions in any content provided through Services or Platforms; (b) any random accidents, accidents, delays, losses or extraordinary, punitive, moral, indirect, incidental or consequential (including for lost profits or savings), resulting from breach of contract, tort (including negligence), objective liability or for any other reason, incurred by the user in connection with his access to or use of the Services or Platforms or his inability to access or use the Services or Platforms or content available through them.
Subject to these Terms and to the extent permitted by law, our total liability to you in connection with these Terms, accessing, using, or inability to access or use the Services or Platforms is limited to £ 100 (one hundred pounds sterling).
Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude (a) our liability for death or personal injury as a result of our negligence, fraud or willful misrepresentation; (b) liability to the extent that it is prohibited by law to waive it; and (c) your statutory rights.
Your Responsibility to Us
Subject to these Terms, you are liable to us for all actions, claims, proceedings, costs, damages, losses and expenses (including, for example, attorneys' fees) incurred by us or the Skyscanner Group Companies and any of our top management. directors, employees and representatives as a result of or in connection with your use of the Services or Platforms or as a result of your breach of these Terms.
Termination of the contract
Skyscanner has the right in its sole discretion to terminate any contract with you under these Terms with immediate effect by notifying you and / or, if you have an account to which you can log in, canceling your membership by blocking your access to your account. and by removing any User Content that you have posted on the Services or Platforms.
Skyscanner may, at any time and without notice, suspend your access to or use of the Services or Platforms in whole or in part, for example to prevent you from loading any User Content, without incurring any liability to you.
Miscellaneous
You acknowledge that your unauthorized use of the Services or Platforms may cause irreparable damage or loss to Skyscanner and / or its affiliates or licensors for which monetary compensation would be insufficient.
Accordingly, in the event of such unauthorized use, we and our affiliates and / or licensors (as applicable) will have the right - notwithstanding any other remedies at our disposal - to take immediate and preventive measures against you.
The invalidity or unenforceability (in whole or in part) of any provision of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability (in whole or in part) of their remaining provisions.
All or part of the provision that is declared invalid or unenforceable by the competent court will be deemed to be removed from these Terms.
These Terms are individual to you.
You may not transfer these Terms, in whole or in part, to any third party without our prior written consent.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us and you and supersede all prior terms, conditions, contracts and agreements relating to your use of the Services or Platforms.
We will take immediate action in the event of any reports that User Content violates these Terms.
If you are aware of or suspect any illegal activity, please contact us via our helpdesk.
Our failure to enforce these Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of these Terms and will not limit our right to any subsequent enforcement of any of these Terms by us.
A person who is not a party to these Terms has no right to enforce them.
Regardless of the country from which you accessed or use the Services or Platforms, to the extent permitted by law, these Terms and your use of the Services or Platforms are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you are deemed to have submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales to settle any dispute that may arise in connection with these Terms.
If you use the Services or Platforms for commercial purposes or through an unauthorized computer program as described and prohibited in the "Use of the Services" section of these Terms, you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales to resolve any dispute relating to these Terms, unless there is a commercial agreement between us and you that governs such use and that otherwise provides.
Contact Us
If you would like more information about Skyscanner or provide us with suggestions to improve the Services or Platforms, please contact us through our helpdesk.
Alternatively, you can also write to us at: Quartermile One, 15 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh EH3 9EN with the note "Chief Legal Officer".
