General terms and conditions
General Conditions of Carriage
Terms and procedures are subject to change at any time.
While we endeavor to keep the information on this website up-to-date and correct, Terravision is not responsible for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, arising from the use of the information below.
Click below for the General Terms and Conditions regarding the following:
Definitions
Use of services
Services provided
Tickets and reservations
Access to the vehicle
Luggage
Terravision Responsibilities
Claims
Passenger coupons
Passenger obligations
Communications by Terravision
Conclusions
Conditions of Carriage Stansted Services
Warunki Airport Bus Express
Terms and Conditions Barzi
Aerobus terms
Warunki Prague Airport Transfers
Modlin Bus – Terms and Conditions
Faroshuttlebus – Terms and Conditions
Use of services
The terms used in the following document are defined as follows: “Vehicle”: means the vehicle, bus or other means of transport provided by Terravision on which passengers are traveling; “Journey”: the journey to which the passengers are entitled on the basis of the information contained in the ticket; “Service”: activities carried out by the Company; “Baggage”: any object that the passenger carries with him during the journey.
Use of services
In order to use the transport services, travelers must have valid tickets.
You must keep your tickets with you for the duration of your journey.
The journey is considered complete when you leave the vehicle.
In the case of return tickets, the journey is deemed to be completed when the vehicle is disembarked at the end of the return journey.
Services provided
Carriage:
Terravision vehicles carry passengers with valid tickets.
The ticket is a record of a contract between the Company and the passenger.
The Ticket remains the property of Terravision and must be presented at the request of Company employees.
Upon express request, the ticket must be returned to Terravision employees.
Disabled passengers.
Disabled passengers who did not inform about their disability when booking services, Terravision employees may refuse service and carriage.
Minor
Terravision does not provide services to unaccompanied minors (under the age of 14).
Guardian and other special services are not available.
Anyone under the age of 14 must be accompanied by a passenger of at least 16 years of age and their tickets must be booked together.
Children under 4 years of age can sit on an adult's lap on the day of departure, or, for the full price of the ticket, in their own seat.
Children aged 4 or over must have their own seat and pay the full ticket price.
Child seats cannot be carried on board the bus.
Animals
Terravision is under no obligation to transport animals in its vehicles, with the exception of guide dogs for the blind and deaf.
Tickets and reservations
Ticket validity
The ticket allows you to use Terravision's services and travel indicated on the ticket.
Modified or damaged tickets become invalid for the journey indicated on the ticket.
Tickets
Tickets must be printed and presented to Terravision staff upon boarding the bus.
Information on the rules of using tickets can be found on the website.
In a situation where passengers, due to delay or for other reasons, do not use the service at the time indicated on the ticket, the ticket will be valid for the next journey.
If a passenger misses the last departure of the day, the ticket is valid on the following day.
Only passengers with a dated ticket for the relevant flight have priority boarding.
Seat reservation
Passengers wishing to reserve seats for a specific bus journey must book their tickets online well in advance of the planned travel date.
Reservations of seats are made depending on their availability for a given course.
Ticket correction
Passengers can modify the date and time of travel on the ticket.
To change the date and / or time on your ticket, you must log into your Terravision Account in good time prior to travel.
Tickets purchased directly at the bus stop cannot be modified.
Passenger Responsibilities
Before making a purchase, the passenger should check the correctness of the data on the ticket.
When purchasing an e-ticket on our website, please make sure that the information on your computer screen is correct before accepting the transaction.
Cancellation Policy
Terravision tickets are non-refundable.
Terravision is not responsible for errors made by passengers during the ticket booking process, changes in travel plans by passengers and situations resulting from delayed or canceled flights.
Cancellation of private transfer bookings for groups: Fiumicino, Ciampino, Rome, Civitavecchia
Cancellation of a confirmed reservation is free of charge only if it is sent in writing (by e-mail to grup@terravision.eu) at least 5 working days before the date of the booked transfer.
If the cancellation request is received later than 5 business days before the planned travel date, the customer will be charged 100% of the canceled booking value.
Invalid ticket
Passengers must travel with valid tickets.
If the inspection shows that a passenger has an invalid ticket, he will be asked to leave the bus or to buy a ticket from the driver.
Fake e-tickets
Terravision reserves the right to confiscate a printed e-ticket held by a passenger if there are reasonable grounds to believe it is fraudulent.
In addition, a passenger found in possession of a counterfeit ticket will be prevented from using Terravision's services and may face legal consequences of his act.
Lost ticket
Terravision stipulates that lost or stolen tickets will not be replaced.
In the event of loss or theft of a ticket, passengers who still want to use the Company's services must purchase a new ticket.
Return Policy
Terravision tickets are non-refundable.
Terravision is not obligated to refund due to booking errors, changes in travel plans or delayed / canceled flights.
Access to the vehicle
Stops
The vehicle can only be boarded and disembarked at official stops along the route, marked with special signs.
It is the passenger's responsibility to make sure that he or she is boarding the correct bus stop.
A map of Terravision stops is available on the website.
Passenger late
Please make sure you arrive at the bus stop at least 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time of the bus.
Terravision is not responsible for any service missed by passengers due to their delay and is not obligated to delay any service due to waiting for late passengers.
Tickets to the airport: Please select an appropriate time so that you will be at the airport at least 2 hours before your scheduled departure, and allow yourself ample time for check-in and all other formalities related to your flight.
Terravision cannot be held responsible for circumstances beyond its control, such as heavy traffic and road accidents.
In the event that the above recommendations are not followed and a transfer is booked that does not allow sufficient time for the boarding procedure, the client will not be entitled to any compensation.
In the event of using additional forms of transport, the passenger is responsible for planning the trip so as to ensure adequate time for transfer and airport procedures.
Luggage
Acceptable baggage
Terravision does not charge for luggage.
There are no restrictions on the number of items of baggage that can be carried, provided there is sufficient hold space.
Small hand luggage is allowed on board the bus only if it can be placed on the overhead shelves and must not constitute a safety hazard.
It is entirely up to the driver to judge this.
Depending on the availability of space on the bus, the staff may authorize the transport of ski equipment, roller skates, bicycles and other "special" items of luggage, stored in appropriate covers or suitcases, according to the applicable tariff.
Passengers may contact Terravision to determine whether the carriage of the relevant baggage is permitted.
Fragile items, e.g.
electrical appliances and portable televisions and radios are allowed only if they are of appropriate dimensions.
The carriage of small musical instruments such as guitars, cellos, violins and violas on board the bus is allowed provided the owner has reserved a seat for them and has paid the required fees.
Folding wheelchairs and other means of mobility for people with disabilities may be carried free of charge on board the bus.
Bus drivers are required to assist passengers with baggage, but are not required to carry it.
For safety and health reasons, Terravision will not accept any baggage that weighs more than 32 kg or measures 81 cm in height, 119 cm in length and 119 cm in width on board its buses.
Weight limits do not apply to measures intended for people with disabilities to move around.
Terravision is not responsible for items not properly packed, perishable or fragile, or for minor damage to the outer surfaces of the baggage (for example, scratches, stains, dirt, dents) due to normal wear and tear.
Luggage prohibited
Terravision does not transport: firearms, knives or any sharp objects, weapons, explosives, chemicals (except drugs), drugs or solvents, toxic or harmful substances such as rat poison, contaminated blood; radioactive materials, corrosive substances such as mercury; batteries and any other items that the Company deems dangerous and which may cause damage or are inappropriate for this type of transport due to the weight, shape, degree of brittleness and perishable substances.
Items listed above as prohibited baggage will be immediately removed from the vehicle if found on board.
Baggage packing and identification
All luggage belonging to the passenger must be properly packed and marked with the telephone number and address of the owner (passenger).
Terravision reserves the right to refuse to accept any baggage which, after inspection, does not meet the above-mentioned requirements.
All luggage, excluding hand luggage, should be stored in the appropriate luggage compartments on the bus.
Hand luggage
Hand luggage should be stored in the indicated place next to the passenger and be at his disposal.
For this reason, the passenger is solely and personally responsible for the loss of luggage.
We recommend that you store valuables and valuables such as cash, jewelry, ID cards, electronics and life-saving drugs in your carry-on baggage.
Lost luggage
Luggage lost in the vehicle or at the bus station will remain in the care of Terravision.
If necessary, the passenger will have to pay a fee for the guarding service and shipping the lost luggage to the address provided.
Luggage not described with the passenger's phone number and address is removed within one month after finding.
The contents of your baggage will be examined and, if judged to be unsafe or perishable, disposed of within 48 hours of the discovery of the item.
Luggage found by other passengers and delivered to the attendant personnel without delay will also be held by Terravision.
The loss of luggage must be immediately reported to our staff and confirmed with a detailed description of all lost items within 72 hours after the end of the trip in a letter form.
It must be sent to Terravision, Via Archimede 164 - 00197 Rome - Italy - or by e-mail to customerservices@terravision.eu or any other e-mail address published and used for this purpose.
Terravision is not responsible for lost or stolen items and luggage.
Terravision recommends that you insure your baggage for damages related to the contract of carriage with the appropriate insurance companies.
Terravision Responsibilities
Carriage
Terravision is required to carry passengers holding a valid ticket with their baggage in accordance with the above rules.
The company is also committed to reducing any discomfort and inconvenience to a minimum while traveling.
Delays or cancellations of courses
The timetables published on www.terravision.eu contain approximate times.
The company reserves the right to change them, inform users about the reasons for the changes, as well as about any alternative timetables.
Terravision may also suspend or cancel bus services by informing passengers in advance.
In this case, the Company may decide to add new bus routes to replace the suspended ones, or to extend the validity of passenger tickets.
Terravision is not responsible for loss, damage or expense incurred by passengers due to service delays or cancellations.
Terravision is not responsible for passengers who have not booked their trip.
Cancellation after the commencement of the service
Unless for reasons beyond Terravision's control, if the passenger bus stops before reaching the travel destination of your choice and does not continue, Terravision may choose one of the following options: that guarantees the arrival of the passenger at the destination; b) providing a replacement vehicle; c) reimbursement of costs incurred by the passenger, d) issue of a coupon.
No Responsibility
Terravision is not responsible for circumstances beyond the Company's control.
The following are examples of events beyond the company's control: war or emergency, accidents on routes, unfavorable and exceptional weather conditions, fires and / or damage to stops, vandalism, terrorism, unforeseen traffic congestion, technical problems, riots.
Injury or death
Terravision will compensate for its own negligence in the event of passenger injury or death.
Airlines
Terravision is not responsible for the quality of service provided by the airlines, or for delays or cancellations of flights operated by these airlines.
Claims
Procedure
The passenger must personally submit a claim and - if necessary - present proof of identity and documentation related to the flight and travel.
If the ticket is issued on behalf of more than one passenger, all passengers must submit a claim at the same time.
Complaints must be submitted to Terravision offices or sent by e-mail to customerservices@terravision.eu.
Complaints must be submitted within 30 days from the date of departure.
Purchased tickets must be attached to the complaint.
Passenger coupons
Functions
Each coupon is: personal, transferable to a third party, valid for six months on the date of issue indicated on it.
Vouchers can be used on all Terravision services and at Terracafé in Rome and Florence.
Use of coupons
If a passenger wishes to use a service whose price is higher than the value of the coupon, he must pay the difference, if any.
If the cost of the service is lower, the price difference will not be paid.
Passenger obligations
Behavior required
Passengers are asked to behave appropriately at stops and on board buses, carefully following the instructions provided by Terravision personnel.
Behavior prohibited
Passenger misconduct is prohibited.
Inappropriate behavior means: threatening Terravision staff or other users of the service, storing luggage in a way that is inconvenient for other passengers, blocking emergency exits or aisles in the bus, using the radio, playing loud games, using musical instruments or radio devices that interfere with other users.
Food and drink are not allowed on board or consumed.
It is strictly forbidden to bring and consume alcohol or drugs on board the bus, and passengers under the influence of these substances will not be allowed to board the bus.
Terravision reserves the right to deny a passenger boarding or assist in disembarking the bus if the passenger fails to comply with these rules.
Responsibility for the behavior of other passengers
Terravision is not responsible for the acts or omissions of other passengers on the bus or at the stop.
However, the company monitors the behavior of passengers.
Communications by Terravision
Terravision sends general communications, informs passengers of timetable changes and canceled trips via e-mail to the address provided when booking the trip.
Delivery of the e-mail is considered a confirmation of receipt.
If Terravision has not received a valid e-mail address, please check the timetable on the website www.terravision.eu or at one of the Company's information desks 24 - 72 hours prior to travel.
Conclusions
Indications
The contract of carriage entered into with Terravision is subject to the current General Conditions of Carriage for Passengers and Luggage as well as the provisions of the relevant rules and regulations depending on the specific issue.
This text refers to Terravision's general terms and conditions, which are an integral part of the contract.
It contains information on data processing, the purposes and methods of this process, as well as information on communication and sharing of data provided to Terravision (also hereinafter referred to as the "Company") by users when visiting the website www.terravision.eu (hereinafter also referred to as the "Website" ).
The purpose and duration of data processing are closely related to the user's visit to the Website.
The Company may use the data you provide for all purposes related to your visit to the Site, including to ensure that you have access to all services offered by the Site.
The company reserves the right to use this data also for all other legal purposes related to its activities.
If necessary, Terravision has the right to change the Privacy Policy as a result of industry initiatives or legal changes, IIP or the methods of collecting and using relevant data, changes in services or technology.
These differences are effective when posted by the Company on the Site.
By continuing to use the services offered by Terravision following the publication of an updated version of the Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the Privacy Policy as amended.
Therefore, it is important that the user periodically reads the Privacy Policy, thanks to which he will have up-to-date information on any changes.
If Terravision substantially changes IIP and the methods for collecting and using the relevant data, IIP and the management of the relevant user data will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was collected, provided that the user has been informed and does not object to the change.
The company has the right in particular to:
a) processing of data intended to carry out analyzes, market research and statistics related to the study of user satisfaction and their preferences regarding the Company's services;
b) processing the data provided by the user and information related to navigation on the Website in order to identify commercial profiles and use them for marketing, advertising, promotional and sales purposes; for this reason, the company may use the so-called "
cookies "(cookies), that is files saved by the computer to monitor the navigation on the Website;
c) informing about new website features and, more generally, about Company initiatives.
All data may also be disclosed for the purposes of processing, in accordance with the above information and within the limits described above, to third parties, public or private, such as companies that conduct market and statistical research, marketing and advertising companies, offering promotion and sales services.
Provision of data and consent to processing, communication and disclosure for the above-mentioned purposes is mandatory as part of participation in the project.
Refusing to provide the requested data or consent to processing, communication and disclosure means refusal to participate in the project and the inability to complete project activities.
Users' personal data will be processed by computer, both online and offline, by persons specially assigned by the Company, such as employees of the Company, associates and consultants.
The site may contain links that may take the user to other sites.
The sites linked to at www.terravision.eu are not under the control of the Company and may have a different Privacy Policy than that described here.
Therefore, the Company cannot be held responsible for any breach of privacy on websites other than www.terravision.eu.
Furthermore, the Company cannot in any way be held responsible for the direct transmission of personal or confidential data or information of a different nature on the Forum section of the Site.
The company reserves the right to disclose the data provided by the user to any third party purchasing the company or its affiliates.
You can exercise your rights, such as access and receipt of information on the source of the personal data, on the purposes and methods of processing, on the logic used when using electronic data processing tools, on the identification data of the data controller and persons or categories of persons to whom this personal data may be transferred and who can familiarize themselves with this data; in the matter of updating, rectification, integration, cancellation, transformation and blocking of illegally processed data - for this purpose, contact the data administrator at the following address:
The data controller is Terravision London Finance.
The company can be contacted via e-mail at customerservices@terravision.eu
Registered office: Park View 183-189, The Vale London, W37RW.
