Amazon.de terms and conditions
Last modified: 21.05.2021
Welcome to Amazon.de.
Amazon core europe sarl, amazon eu and / or their related companies (sarl " amazon ") offer and other products and services to Webseitenfunktionalitäten if they (the " website) use Amazon.de-webseite or on the website shopping, equipment, products or services of amazon use use or in one of the amazon Mobile-applikationen preliminary relations of software (together " the amazon provided benefits amazon services.
Read our, our guidance on cookies and our privacy policy guidance on advertising in order to understand how we internetbasierter your personal information by amazon services collected and processed.
Amazon amazon, the services on this side of the general terms and conditions set.
Amazon.de is the name of amazon.
The previous version of the general terms and conditions can be found on our previous versions of the legal requirements. help page
Conditions
Conditions
Conditions
Please read it carefully before you the amazon conditions services use.
Amazon explain through the use of services to those conditions, their consent to be bound.
We offer you a wide range of services to amazon.
Notification and procedures for communication to a right. on Amazon.de
1 electronic communications
Amazon service if you have any benefit or e-mails, or other communications from your computer or text messages to send us their mobile device communicate with us by electronic means.
We are with them in different ways, for example via e-mail, communicate electronically texts, or through the publication In-app push news electronic messages or other communication on our website or under other amazon services, such as the message center.
Contractual purposes for you will agree, that all consents, notifications, publications and other communication we tell them that no electronically, unless it is mandatory to writing require another form of legislation require communication.
2 recommendations and personalisation
Amazon we recommend them as part of the services functions, products and services, for they may be of interest, identify their preferences and their experience with services. personalize amazon
3 copyright and DATENBANKRECHTE
All of the amazon in a service is provided as containing or by him, graphics, text, images, logos, Button-icons digital downloads and data collections, is Audio-clips owned by amazon or by third parties, the content on the website, and provide producers or by luxembourgish and international copyright protection and Datenbankrecht.
Also total content of the amazon in a service is provided by him or contain is and is owned by amazon exclusive by and international copyright and luxembourgish. Datenbankrecht protected
Do without our express written consent not parts of a amazon services and / or systematically extract reuse.
Especially do without the express written authorisation of data mining, not robots or no Amazon.de similar and to use any significant Datensammel- Extraktionsprogramme parts of amazon services for reuse to extract (whether unique or more).
Also do without the express written authorisation of manufacture and / or no own database Amazon.de publish a substantial parts (for example, our prices and amazon services) includes. product information
4 brand and KENNZEICHENRECHTE
Amazon Trademarks to visit our help page a non-exhaustive list of trade marks and from google file. Kennzeichenrechte
Amazon.de moreover,'s graphics, logos,,,, and Button-icons header in an amazon Service-namen scripts contain or by him provided service by amazon. brand and Kennzeichenrechte
Amazons Kennzeichenrechte brand and in conjunction with a product or can not service, not to be used in a way, is amazon that there is a possibility, from customers, or to cause Zuordnungsverwechslung a way down to amazon or discredited.
All trademarks and other marks, which are not owned by amazon, and in a service, are property of the amazon to marketing.
5 patents
One or more patents by amazon to the amazon services and on services, on the functionalities and services are achievable, applicable amazon
Amazon parts of the services under the licence of one or more patents holdings.
Hilfeseite to go to our list of applicable patents amazon or nicht-abschließende related companies and licensed patents to.
6 licence and access
Provided compliance with these conditions and any applicable for the payment of fees and eventually give them Servicebedingungen amazon and its content providers a limited, simple, non-transferable and not licence for access and the non-commercial unterlizenzierbare use of amazon services.
This licence does not include the resale and commercial use of services or their content, amazon collection and use of product information, the use of descriptions or prices, derived its content, or a download services amazon or copying in favour of a trader or the use of other Kontoinformationen of, or similar data collection and data mining robots. Extraktions-programmen
Amazon licensor, and its suppliers, publisher, or other right-holders content providers reserve all rights, with which you not expressly in these conditions or to be granted. in Servicebedingungen
No amazon service nor any parts thereof should without our express written authorisation reproduced, printed, copied, sold, or otherwise sold for commercial purposes to be used.
Do without our express written authorisation not used by trade marks or frame Frame-techniken logos and other copyright information (such as images, text, or form) of amazon added. page layout
Do without our express written consent not or other " invisible " text under Meta-tags use of the name or mark of brands and amazon used.
Do services not misuse the amazon.
Do services only in the amazon be free under used.
By amazon granted rights of use of amazon, where the termination services do not comply with the conditions or Servicebedingungen.
7 your account
Sometimes you need a certain amazon account amazon, or it must be able to use services in their account and be a valid logged in amazon linked to the account payment method.
If there is a problem with the charges on their elected, we have any other valid payment method with the amazon are linked account payment method.
Click their payments to their payment methods to deal with.
Amazon service if you have any use for ensuring they are your account and password and for the confidentiality restriction of access to their computers and mobile devices responsible and, where applicable under their law permitted do you explain agree to be responsible for all activities which have to be made. your account and password
You should take all steps necessary to ensure that your password is secret and sure is kept and they should immediately inform us if you have cause for concern that a third aware of your password has been obtained or the password is used or this is likely. unautorisiert
They are responsible for ensuring that their information to us is correct and complete and us of any changes in the information you have given informed.
You can have your information in the field of website realise my account.
Read our help page on the protection of their privacy, to access to your personal information.
Amazon do not use a service: (i) in a way which is likely amazon or access to service, to damage or other ceasing to affect or (ii) for fraudulent purposes or in connection with a criminal offence or illegal activity or (iii) to harassment or fear. inconvenience,
We reserve the right, you amazon or to terminate services from accounts their behavior legitimate reason for all this.
This is the case in particular, if they against applicable law, contractual arrangements, our directives or our principles, all of which are available on our website.
Despite such a restriction or termination you continue to have access to content and services of them have acquired.
8 reviews, comments, communication and other content
Visitors reviews, comments and other content shall draw up and other communications and proposals, send E-cards ideas, comments, questions or other information, so long as the) content not illegal, offensive, obscene, do, in the privacy and defamatory a communicative rechtsverletzend eindringend attack against children / adolescents are children / adolescents in their personal integrity, or otherwise affect or are inadmissible and not from third hurt, political campaigns, speech, Softwareviren werblicher, e-mails or any form of Kettenbriefen ' spam ', or is it contains.
Wrong email address, they must not use than any other person or company spend or otherwise on the origins of banking or credit card or other content delusion.
We reserve the right, however, in the absence of adequate communication (play), this content-no obligation to remove or edit.
If you believe that their by an article or information in a Immaterialgüterrechte amazon are violated we please contact service by completing and submitting the corresponding Benachrichtigungsformulars.
Kundenrezensionen questions or comments, if you answers, some of them to display on the amazon website made available to provide content (for example, images, video or Audiomaterial, together referred to as " content "), give amazon: (a) the right to use, free of charge, nicht-ausschließliche reproduction, publication, provision and amending this content in all the media around the world, including the right to Unterlizensierung and (b) to third parties; the right to the name, which you in connection with these content, to be used.)
" Moral rights) moral rights by this scheme does not transferred.
You can have your content from public view, delete or, where this functionality is offered, your settings change, so that only certain persons of them access to their content.
You guarantee that they all rights to the content, they wrote, holding or otherwise have the; that, at the time of the contents and the material provided: (i) the content and materials; sound and (ii) the use of content and materials that they provide any applicable conditions and directives of amazon and who violate person or company harm (including that the content or materials not's integrity and defamatory are children / adolescents do not affect).
You agree, amazon of any claim against amazon claimed third exempt and from or in connection with the content or materials generation, they have provided, except to the extent that liability for failure, the appropriate content stems amazons once to remove was made (Amazon.de unlawfulness). Benachrichtigungsformular
9 claims IMMATERIALGÜTERRECHTEN
Amazon respects the other wto members of third parties.
If they consider that their were used, in a kind of other wto members give cause for concern is an injury, follow our procedure for notifying a right. on Amazon.de
10 conditions for amazon software
Conditions apply in addition to these for software (including all updates and upgrades and any accompanying documentation), which we have from time to time for their use in connection with the amazon services available (the " amazon "), which on our software and software available Softwarenutzungsbedingungen of conditions help page Amazon-games.
11 other companies
Amazon persons other than in shops, provide services or sell on the website. Sortimente
We are also links to pages from related companies and certain other companies are available.
We are not for a study and evaluation of these tenders or responsible and we do not provide for pages tenders these companies or individuals or the content on their websites.
Amazon assumes no responsibility or liability for acts, products and content of all these or any others.
They shall be informed if a third person in their transaction is involved and we need their information on this transaction of this third person about.
Should their privacy statements and other conditions of use read carefully.
12 amazons role
Amazon allows third their products on the website to lists and sold.
This will at the appropriate evident. Produktdetailseite
Although transactions on the amazon allows is neither the amazon marketplace amazon nor the seller this buyer. Drittanbieter-artikel
Amazon buyers and sellers offers the possibility of negotiations and to carry out transactions.
Is thus the contract, which in this transaction is reached, only between the buyer Drittanbieter-artikel and closed the seller.
Amazon contractors, and is not therefore no responsibility for those contract. is
Amazon is also not the representative of the seller.
The seller is responsible for the sale of products, any objection from the buyer and all other matters, by the treaty between buyer and seller are.
Amazon as the buyer to allow a safe provides in addition to amazon Einkaufserlebnis the statutory or contractual rights. the amazon A-bis-z guarantee
13 our liability
We try always to ensure that the services are available and amazon without interruption sound. transfers
By the nature of the internet, however, this can not be guaranteed.
Their access to services can sometimes be restricted or discontinued amazon to repairs, or the introduction of new institutions or maintenance works services to be provided.
We try the frequency and duration of each of these temporary disruption or restriction.
Amazon liable as far as the unlimited on a intentional or seriously negligent causation of error or a legal representative or agents of amazon amazon.
Liable amazon also for the violation of fundamental obligations. easy negligent
Are essential duties, breach of which achieve the endangered or the fulfilment of the proper implementation of Vertragszwecks of the treaty in the first place and on compliance with you regularly to trust.
Amazon liable in this case, but only for the foreseeable, vertragstypischen damage.
Amazon shall not be liable for the easy other than in the preceding negligent injury rates obligations referred to.
Haftungsbeschränkungen the above shall not apply in violation of life and health, for a body after taking over a guarantee for the shortage of the product and in fraud secretive nature deficiencies.
Liability after the Produkthaftungsgesetz remain unaffected.
Where liability of amazon is limited or excluded this also applies to the personal liability of workers representatives and agents.
14 applicable law
Luxembourgish is right, excluding the CISG.) and the (Un-kaufrechts Kollisionsrechts
Nicht-ausschließliche jurisdiction of the courts of the district city of luxembourg agreed.
Consumers if they habitually resident in the eu are, they are also protection of mandatory rules of the law their country of residence.
Claims you can in connection with these resulting from standards result conditions either both in luxembourg verbraucherschützenden and in the eu member state in which they live, to submit.
The european commission is a platform for ready to them under online dispute resolution https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / / external link] shall. [odr
We prefer to their concerns in direct exchanges with them to clarify and therefore not to take part. Verbraucherschlichtungsverfahren
Please contact us on issues and problems directly.
15 export controls
They agree that they have no products (including software or other), on the digital products they have earned, in countries in website individuals, businesses, organisations or bodies, or transfer and export, re-export to such a legally export is restricted or prohibited.
Economic sanctions and the embargo, for example, of the european union, the united nations, the ministry of commerce and other government agencies, financial or Us-außen- imposed (e.g. embargo against certain countries imposed economic sanctions or against individuals or firms due to terrorism or imposed them, prohibit Geldwäschedelikten products in other countries to bring themselves for their own personal use, and / or products (whether physically, by e-mail or by post or digital) to certain individuals, businesses, Dateiaustausch organisations or entities to send.
Also explain in its favour that they have no products or services on the website, when they themselves acquire restrictive measures (sanctions).
16 changes of services or changes to the conditions
Be subject to the general terms and conditions, conditions of use, at the time the contract terms and are in force in the amazon services benefits.
Marketing if they are of a customer account and provided that they by amendment does not, we are entitled to an unfair disadvantage, contractual terms and conditions of use, the general terms and conditions and codes of practice, wholly or partly, at any time from Servicebedingungen the following reasons to change: from legal or regulatory reasons, for security reasons, to existing characteristics of services or develop as well as additional characteristics; add to optimise in order to take account of technical progress and technical adjustments and for the future operation of the services to ensure.
If we make changes, we are putting you with appropriate period having regard this and identify them in the due right
They have at any time to her close. client account
Is changing as null and void or invalid for any reason, it is unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of other amendments or conditions does not.
Nevertheless we reserve the right to make changes to the amazon services at any time.
17 no surrender
Conditions if they hurt and we, we are still not even companies entitled to any other rights of our opportunity, announced this hurt. to make use conditions
18 minors
We offer no products to purchase by minors.
Our products for children can only adults are bought.
If you are below 18 they may involve one or amazon services only guardians benefit.
19 our contact information
This website (except for the service of the amazon music mp3 europe core establishments. sarl
Specific use and conditions of sale for others, for example the amazon offers service by the amazon mp3 music media can be found in eu is operated sarl. for our conditions Autorip
Amazon europe sarl for core:
Amazon core europe sarl, société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue john f. kennedy, L-1855.
Capital: eur 154.560
Registered in luxembourg
Rcs luxembourg registration number: b 180022
Business licence number: 10040783
Vat: lu 26375245
Other contact information:
Amazon sarl for eu:
Amazon eu sarl,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue john f. kennedy,
L-1855.
Capital: eur 125,000
Registered in luxembourg
Rcs luxembourg B-101818 registration number:
Business licence number: 134248
Vat: lu 20260743
Registered branch:
Amazon eu sarl,
Branch, germany
Marcel-breuer-str.
12,
80807 münchen, germany
Munich trade register, b
Registration no 218574
Vat: de 814584193
Amazon services for europe sarl:
Amazon services europe sarl,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue john f. kennedy,
L-1855 luxembourg
Capital: eur 37.551
Registered in luxembourg
Rcs luxembourg B-93815 registration number:
Business licence number: 132595
Vat: lu 19647148
Amazon sarl for eu media:
Amazon media eu sarl,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue john f. kennedy,
L-1855.
Capital: eur 50,000
Registered in luxembourg
Rcs luxembourg 112767 registration number:
Business licence number: 136312
Vat: lu 20944528
20 notification and procedures for reporting Amazon.de offences.
If they consider that their intellectual property right has been infringed and the conditions for the available, then please report to Amazon-markenregistrierung there and report the on the right. Markenregistrierungs-support
Otherwise they are your complaint. please through our Mitteilungsformular
This form can you give us all kinds of rights in intellectual property, including copyright, notify claims in the trademark law, and patent law Designrecht.
Receipt of the request, we can take certain measures, including information or remove and, where appropriate, article for repeated infringements Rechtsverletzern quit.
All these actions shall be carried out without any recognition as regards liability and without precedent for any rights, or believe that all remedies explicitly sphere.
We reserve, in particular those parties which forward the complaint infringement accused.
You agree, amazon of any claim against amazon claimed third exempt and from or in connection with the submission of a complaint came.
Drittanbieter-einträgen reference to: please refer to that on stored or hosted and only Drittanbieter-einträge Amazon.de exclusively within the discretion of are published. Drittanbieter
Drittanbieter can you on the side " " contact; this page is of Verkäuferinformationen all of the product-offer achievable. Drittanbieters
Asin Isbn-10: " and " stands for asin (or identification) number amazon standard item, so on amazon (), and standard article identification number is a 10-stellige identification number.
You find these in all under ". " " product-offer product information
Isbn-10 ' stands for international standard book number, so international standard book number, and is a in some offered 10-stellige identification number of books under " " find. product information
Note: the state of false, misleading or incorrect information in a can of civil and criminal amazon Benachrichtigungsformular liability.
A counsel you should contact if you have questions.
Additional conditions for amazon software
Use of the amazon software.
Do amazon software to the use of a only use by amazon, and only to allow amazon services provided by the terms of use, as far as this may. and the Softwarenutzungsbedingungen Servicebedingungen
They must be free software in its own part of the amazon or in connection with their own inkorporieren computer programs, they for use with computer programs build another service transferred or sell, rent to expel or any rights to the amazon or otherwise unterlizenzieren software or parts of it).
Amazon software do not use for illegal purposes.
We must at all times the provision of a set of software and its use of amazon amazon software quit.
Their right to use a amazon without a corresponding software shall automatically expire is necessary if this denunciation of the terms of use or other Servicebedingungen Softwarenutzungsbedingungen not comply.
Additional Softwarenutzungsbedingungen third in certain software included with her or amazon are expelled and the related documentation mentioned may, in addition to the amazon (or on software, the software in the amazon software is applied and incorporated have priority as regards the use of such software in the event of a dispute with the conditions of use.
Any amazon used in a service software is the property of amazon or his and by international and luxembourgish licensors copyright protected.
Use of services provided by third.
Amazon software if you use could also services of one or more third parties, such as a benefit or a Mobilfunkanbieters Netzanbieters.
Their use of such services provided by third, conditions and arrangements can separate this subject to Gebührenpflichten Drittanbieter
A reverse engineering.
Unless applicable by compelling law, do not explicitly authorised, and must not encourage or support other software or parts thereof authorised amazon, copying, modification or otherwise, disassemble, rückübersetzen de-kompilieren to distort or derived works of.
Updates.
Amazon software for up-to-date to hold, we must at all times without previous announcement automatic or manual updates offer.
Conditions
1 scope
The sale of products by amazon rules and terms of sale eu sàrl.
For you.
We offer you a wide range of services to amazon.
Please read these conditions carefully, before taking a order to amazon eu sàrl.
Give up.
Task by an order to amazon eu sàrl.
Explain deals with the application of this agreement. on your order of sale
2 closing
Your order is an offer to conclude a contract amazon.
Appointment amazon if you have to give up, a message that we send them receipt its appointment with us confirmed and details of which sets). (Bestellbestätigung
With certain services (e.g. amazon use mobile apps), the amazon can on its message center in their client account Bestellbestätigung.
Bestellbestätigung adoption of this does not, but they only offer to inform the house that your order been submitted to us.
A contract of sale won't be able, if we do you send and dispatch product ordered to you with a second e-mail or a message in your message center in their (.) confirm client account Versandbestätigung
If your order in more than one package is to be sent, it may be that you for each package its own received. Versandbestätigung
In this case, for each sales contract between us on the a separate Versandbestätigung in each Versandbestätigung products listed materialized.
Amazon party is eu sarl.
, Regardless of their right of withdrawal according to paragraph 3 you can have your order for a product before sending its Versandbestätigung. at any time cancel free
This right to cancel is not in certain product groups and services, including digital content and software which are not on a tangible medium (way on a cd or dvd) are supplied, provided that the download or use (whichever is the earlier) started.
They agree that they receive. electronic accounts
Electronic invoices will be in pdf format in the area of my account made available website.
We shall, for each supply in the know whether an electronic invoice Versandbestätigung is available.
Other information about electronic invoices and guidance as to how you a copy of the invoice on paper can get, you get on our. Hilfeseiten
Please note that we all products only in household quantities sold.
This relates both to the number of designated products under an order, as well as the task more of the same product, where the orders separate orders a quantity include. haushaltsübliche
3 withdrawal right up to 14 days, excluding the right of withdrawal, our legal and voluntary RÜCKGABEGARANTIE GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSRECHT
WIDERRUFSBELEHRUNG
The right of withdrawal
You have the right, this contract within 14 days from the date on which it or of you not carrier is designated third the product (or the final product, lot or units in case of a contract for several were a single order or the delivery of a good consisting of multiple lots or pieces) claimed, or from the date conclusion of the contract, in the case of digital content which is not supplied on a tangible medium (such as cds or dvds), without giving any reason to withdraw.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must tell us about your decision to withdraw this treaty.
Please: withdrawal
Amazon S.à eu rl,
38 avenue john f. kennedy, luxembourg for products with sale L-1855 and dispatch offered by amazon.
Amazon S.à services europe, r.l.
38 avenue john f. kennedy, luxembourg for products which are sold by a L-1855 and dispatch by amazon. Drittanbieter
You can have your statement in accordance with the explanatory notes and forms, which in our available electronically completion and submission Online-rücksendezentrum has contact or used. this model withdrawal form
Our Online-rücksendezentrum use should, we will immediately them (e.g. via e-mail) an acknowledgement of receipt of such a withdrawal provided.
To meet the withdrawal, it is sufficient that the communication on the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period and submit the were on our within the defined period have sent back down Online-rücksendezentrum.
For additional information concerning the scope, content and remarks to exercise talk to our customer service.
Effects of withdrawal:
This treaty if they withdraw to them we all payments for the goods purchased, which we have received from you, and we shall them the cost of the most favourable. we have offered Standardlieferung
Such reimbursement shall be immediately and at the latest, subject to the following situations, within 14 days from the date on which the shall be notified of its cancellation of this treaty been submitted to us.
For this we use the same means they repayment for the initial transaction have used unless they have expressly agreed otherwise.
For repayment we charge them in any way charges.
Repayment refuse we can until we were back, or to provide evidence that they were sent back, whichever is the earlier.
She goods must promptly and in any event not later than 14 days from the date on which they are to revoke this treaty shall inform about our return. Online-rücksendezentrum
The deadline shall be met if they were before the end of the period of 14 days submit.
You regular cost of returning to bear if the product is delivered appointed and if the price up to an amount of 40 zurückzusendenden does not exceed eur or if you are at a higher price of business at the time of withdrawal is not yet the consideration or a contractually agreed contributed. payment
Otherwise the return for them free of charge.
Not paketversandfähige things where you picked up.
You must for any diminished value of the goods only if that resources with respect to the value on a nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods not necessary dealing with them.
Exceptions to the right of withdrawal
The right of withdrawal is not or ceases to exist in the following contracts
The supply of goods which, for reasons of health or it's more hygienic not suitable for return and the seal upon delivery of was removed after the delivery or by their nature inextricably mixed with other items;
Supply of sound or video recordings or computer software in a sealed package, where the seal after delivery has been removed.
The supply of goods to be made clear to the personal or Kundenspezifikation needs to
The supply of goods, the fast liable to deteriorate or whose expiry date rapidly;
In services, if this (e.g. the use of the amazon amazon service) has produced and music mp3 fully them from the noted and expressly agreed appointment that services can begin and the right of withdrawal, lose at full performance of the contract
The supply of newspapers, journals or illustrated, with the exception of on the supply of such publications; and Abonnement-verträgen
Supply alcoholic beverages, whose prize at the closing of the sale was agreed whose supply but only after 30 days can take place and the current value of fluctuations in the market depends on which the trader has no influence.
End of WIDERRUFSBELEHRUNG
Our voluntary RÜCKGABEGARANTIE:
In addition to their legal rights, we can give you the following: voluntary Rückgabegarantie
Products amazon eu sàrl.
You may, within 30 days from receipt of the goods on amazon eu sàrl.
Return if none of the stands, the product is complete and exclusion in the same condition as when receiving.
Goods for which they have no right of withdrawal, you can also in the context of not send back Rückgabegarantie
Further details can be found on our help page about our Rückgabebedingungen.
Please use for returning our Online-rücksendezentrum.
If you were in line with this report, we have the voluntary return Rückgabegarantie purchase price, but not the their initial. * * these purchase
Also Transportgefahr and set the Rücksendekosten.
The Rücksendekosten, we have only to dispatch and of clothes, shoes, handbags. Rücksendungen
This Rückgabegarantie does not restrict their legal rights and therefore not the right of withdrawal as described above.
Legal GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSRECHT:
30-day Rückgabegarantie in addition to her in the european union have at for a period of two years from the delivery of the product and may repair or replacement Gewährleistungsrechte on amazon, when they are purchased products require than a few shortcomings or not as described in practice.
If product within a reasonable time or not without difficulty can be repaired or replaced, they can refund or reduction of the price respectively.
In the case of second-hand goods, the guarantee period is less than two years.
For additional information on the terms and conditions we refer to our Rückgabebedingungen.
4 prices
All prices include the relevant applicable vat.
Despite our greatest efforts, a small number of products in our catalogue with false prize.
We check prices when we your order before we are. edit and payment
If a product with a false prize and the correct price is higher than the price on the website, you will be before departure of the goods to contact ask whether they the product to buy or to cancel the order right price.
Correct price of a product should be lower than the us, we shall be the lower amount specified price calculated and the product send them.
5 payment, purchase on account, direct debit schemes reservation of title
The at the purchase price by account (under the may in this paragraph 5), credit card or direct debit scheme conditions referred to figures.
Per product remains pending full payment the property of the amazon eu sàrl.
Pay direct debit scheme in:
If, at to be taken where the eu rl Rücklastschrift amazon S.à
A pauschalierten damages amounting to eur 3 (" "). Rücklastschriftentgelt
The at can demonstrate that damage not arise at all or are significantly lower than the standard.
The above rules apply to the purchase price of goods, the payments from third (see paragraph 11 and 12 of the conditions of use).
Purchase on behalf:
For there is a limit to what new purchase on account of the possible.
This limit shall apply to the whole and also takes account of outstanding amounts from client account earlier Rechnungsbestellungen.
Payment on account is only to consumers from 18 years possible.
The delivery address, the and the street address must be identical and within germany or Rechnungsadresse is austria.
Achievements which online (e.g. software download) will be transmitted, as well as for the purchase of is the payment on account not possible vouchers;.
The amount of the invoice, receipt of the invoice due.
Amazon eu sàrl.
Proposes individually not offer certain methods of payment.
In payment on account shall be charged in may for a single eventually * * these fee of eur 1.50 Komplettversand including the applicable vat, calculated per delivery.
The Besteller is always informed before closing separately. the fee.
This fee shall not apply to customers who have their habitual residence in austria.
As far as the amount of the invoice from the reasons to be taken at paid is not the property if the amazon eu S.à r.l.
A pauschalierten damages amounting to eur 3,00. at the can demonstrate that distress not arise at all or are significantly lower than the standard.
6 delivery
Unless otherwise agreed, the delivery to the, at specified delivery address.
Find method on the website availability of products, the amazon sold (e.g. to the respective). Produktdetailseite
Please note that all the information on availability, dispatch or service of a product information, and the indicative benchmarks are only expected.
Guaranteed dispatch or are not binding and, except where this at the date of delivery of each product explicitly as binding deadline Versandoptionen means.
Amazon provided during the processing of their appointment finds that of them, are not available, they are about products separately by e-mail or by message in your message center in informed. your client account
The entitlement of Bestellers shall remain unaffected.
Where delivery to the at is not possible, because the dissatisfied by the front door, or the front door of or because the staircase fits at not under Bestellers he indicated is encountered, although the date of delivery to the place designated for delivery at appropriate time with was announced, is at the cost of the unsuccessful delivery.
7 inches
Products amazon for delivery in if you outside the eu, you can order and taxes are subject to the import duties are levied as soon as the package reaches the intended.
Any additional fees for the customs clearance must be taken from them; we have no influence on these charges.
Customs vary from country to country, so that their local customs authority for more detailed information should contact.
Also please note that in orders in amazon as be considered and all introductory laws and regulations of the country in which they receive the products must comply with.
The protection of their data is important for us and we would like to draw attention to our international customers that cross-border supplies of opening up and be subject to investigation by customs authorities.
For further information read our customs.
8 1-click BESTELLFUNKTION
1-click Bestellfunktion the is the fastest and easiest way, products safely in amazon empowered.
If a public or shared use computers, we strongly recommend that disabled if you are not 1-click-bestellfunktion on computer are.
9 guarantee to products from google were sold and the limitation of liability
30-day Rückgabegarantie in addition to her in the european union have at for a period of two years from the delivery of the product and may repair or replacement Gewährleistungsrechte on amazon, when they are purchased products require than a few shortcomings or not as described in practice.
If product within a reasonable time or not without difficulty can be repaired or replaced, they can refund or reduction of the price respectively.
Nacherfüllung by is the replacement shall at the commitment first product delivered within 30 days of amazon, at the expense of amazon returned.
Returning accordance with the law of poor product has to be.
Amazon reserves the right, under the statutory conditions damages to assert.
In the case of second-hand goods, the guarantee period is less than two years.
For additional information on the terms and conditions we refer to our Rückgabebedingungen.
Amazon liable as far as the unlimited on a intentional or seriously negligent causation of error or a legal representative or agents of amazon amazon.
Liable amazon also for the violation of fundamental obligations. easy negligent
Are essential duties, breach of which achieve the endangered or the fulfilment of the proper implementation of Vertragszwecks of the treaty in the first place and on compliance with you regularly to trust.
Amazon liable in this case, but only for the foreseeable, vertragstypischen damage.
Amazon shall not be liable for the easy other than in the preceding negligent injury rates obligations referred to.
Haftungsbeschränkungen the above shall not apply in violation of life and health, for a body after taking over a guarantee for the shortage of the product and in fraud secretive nature deficiencies.
Liability after the Produkthaftungsgesetz remain unaffected.
Where liability of amazon is limited or excluded this also applies to the personal liability of workers representatives and agents.
10 applicable law
Luxembourgish is right, excluding the CISG.) and the (Un-kaufrechts Kollisionsrechts
Nicht-ausschließliche jurisdiction of the courts of the district city of luxembourg agreed.
This means that it claims in connection with these terms of sale, resulting from both shown either in luxembourg standards verbraucherschützenden as well as in the eu member state in which they live.
Consumers if they habitually resident in the eu are, they are also protection of mandatory rules of the law their country of residence.
11 changes in the conditions of sale,
We reserve the right changes to our website, regulations, including these conditions shall be made. at any time and terms of sale
Appointment find the conditions of sale, each on their conditions and application which at the time of terms and conditions of its appointment are in force unless a change in these conditions is legally or administrative order required (in this case they will be on orders application to be made before).
If a scheme in these null and void or for any reason, ineffective and terms of sale shall apply to this programme as it undurchsetzbar and affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining rules.
12 no surrender
It hurt and we do nothing, even conditions of sale, we are still entitled to any other rights of our opportunity to announced this hurt. to make use of sale
13 minors
We offer no products to purchase by minors.
Our products for children can only adults are bought.
If you are below 18, it may only involve one or guardians Amazon.de benefit.
14 our contact information
Our contact information:
Amazon eu sarl,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue john f. kennedy,
L-1855.
Capital: eur 125,000
Registered in luxembourg
The luxembourg
B-101818 business registration number:
Licence number: 134248
Vat: lu 20260743
Registered branch:
Amazon sarl, branch. germany, eu Marcel-breuer-str
12 80807, munich, germany
Munich trade register, b
Registration no 218574
Vat: de 814584193
Ralf glue: permanent representative
