Www.booking.com https: / / / content /? aid = = & label terms.de.html 356980 & sid = = & tmpl fcc464f30eae9a7695b6c425d2982c61 gog235jc-1fcbqoggjcbxrlcm1zsdnya2hxiaebmaejuaehyaep2aeb6aeb-aemiaibqaiduakf0rcabsacadicjdg0ntjlngy2ltlhytmtndzkys05otg1lwvmmta5njcznzi0mdgcbuacaq & lang = en & docs % 2fterms-and-conditions sco = 1 & lang _ click = = it; for other cdl; _ changed = 1
2021-01-23 14:51:54
Terms and conditions for travel
Content
Code
Introduction terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Definitions
The scope and nature of services
Prices, ' we are offering the same price, and offers a Genius-programm partner
Data protection
If only to consumers pay. Reiseanbieter
Credit card or transfer
Cancellation Nichtanreise, advance, and small print
Any communication and correspondence
Preferred ranking, programme, stars and Gästebewertungen
Disclaimer
Intellectual property
Governing law, jurisdiction and dispute settlement
On Booking.com and Supportunternehmen
Code
" With anything, so that they can find " world-we want to fulfil its mission by giving it to you as simple as possible, the most beautiful in the world and the best attractions staging points to visit.
In order to achieve this objective, we are fulfilling the following good practices:
They are important to us, and that is why we offer our platform and our customer service to over 40 languages
We bring you: more than 1.5 million all over the world of accommodation (very) to luxury accommodation whatever you for your next stay in a hotel, hostel, motel, bed & breakfast, etc., are
We allow them to experience and other attractions Reiseanbieter
We allow the handling of payments for each (), any acquisition or rental fee Eintritts- of our benefit or services Reiseprodukten Zahlungsservice
We'll help you further /): our customer service is around the clock and 365 days a year here for you
We hear to them, our platform is the result of what they (the users) in the use of services and prefer the most practical find
We hear you, we show (from customers who actually uncensored assessments have stayed)
Our pledge to you an informative, the best available prices user-friendly website.
We offer the same price
Introduction terms and conditions
This general terms and conditions, which will apply to all our transformations occasional services, directly or indirectly (ie on third) over the internet, any kind of mobile terminals, by e-mail or by telephone to be made available.
With accessing our website (mobile) and the use of our applications, regardless of what platform (" the platform ') and / or the completion of a transaction confirm that the terms and conditions listed below have read and understood this and support (including data protection).
These pages, the content and structure of those pages and the (including of Online-unterkunftsreservierungsservice handling these pages and this website of us is offered, are owned by and are operated and made available and Booking.com b.v. are only to their private and non-commercial use available (b2c) set out below. in accordance with the terms and conditions
The relationship that we with the are regulated by individual Reiseanbietern conditions, which in turn the (b2b) business relationships which we have with each of these rules. Reiseanbieter
Each Reiseanbieter is in a professional when he his product manner against Booking.com and / or its service on or above (both (' b-to-b ' Booking.com Business-to-business-) as well as (" ") relations) b2c Business-to-consumer- accessible to.
Please note that the terms and conditions for the supply (may own Reiseanbieter / transport / use) and conditions and rules for the operation, access and the operation of the trip in which certain exclusion clauses and may include), applicable for liability limits declared and / or (acceptance of requires, in addition to the directives and the small print, as on the website provided.
Definitions
" Booking.com, " " us, " " we " or " our " is a company with limited liability, Booking.com bv to the dutch law is subject to and at the following address herengracht, amsterdam, netherlands, 597 1017 ce is registered.
The platform is the (mobile) website and on which the app owned by, managed and controlled Booking.com Booking.com can, maintained and / or is made available. gehostete Reise-service
With " journey " are the various meant to them by and services travel products the order, purchase, purchase, pay Reiseanbietern, rent, provide reserve, or can take combine.
" Reiseanbieter " are (e.g. a hotel, motel, Unterkunftsanbieter apartment, bed & breakfast, landlord), (e.g. leisure parks,) (attractions museums, (e.g., car hire), city tours Transportanbieter, rail and (Schifffahrten Bustouren)), Reiseleitungen airport transfers and any other travel or travel services or similar products, which occasionally on the platform to book is available (as well as b2c) both b2b.
Reiseservice " " is the order, payment (including, online purchases) or, as Zahlungsvermittlung Buchungsservice offered or allows with regard to the various Booking.com products and services, sometimes on the platform of the available. Reiseanbietern
" Booking of the trip " is the appointment, the purchase, the payment transaction or reservation of a journey.
1 the scope and nature of services
On this platform we are (bv and his (selling) Booking.com Affiliate- available partners) an online platform on the, in their professional capacity (i.e. Reiseanbieter b2b or b2c), their products and services apply, marketing and / or to sell appointment, for sale, hire or reservation, to appoint can offer (if applicable) and on the relevant visitors this platform, an order or a reservation, a purchase payment (i.e. the), see, settlements and discover Reiseservice success.
With Reiseservices (e.g. by the use of a reservation on the conduct), get a direct Reiseanbieter (legally binding contractual relationship with the) in which you book or a Reiseanbieter a product or a service acquire (if applicable).
Work booking of the trip we only from the date of as an intermediary between them and the, making it the respective Reiseanbieter information on their reservation and pass on Reiseanbieter them on behalf of and on behalf of the Reiseanbieters. send a Bestätigungs-e-mail
Booking.com sale, rental or offers no (travel) products or services.
Information for the implementation of use are based on information Reise-dienstleistungen our, the us of the available. Reiseanbietern
The Reiseanbieter their travel on our platform and apply, have access to our market systems and the bear sole responsibility for it and therefore the internet that the rates / prices / fees availability, directives and terms and conditions and other important information on our website listed, always be updated.
Reise-dienstleistungen although we in the implementation of our very carefully and scrupulous, we can not check and ensure that all information is, is complete and correct, nor can we for errors (including obvious errors or) (by a typo interruptions temporary and / or a partial failure, maintenance, repair, maintenance or on our website or Aktualisierungs- another reason), inaccurate, misleading or false information or to provide the information be held responsible.
Each Reiseanbieter remains for the accuracy, completeness and accuracy of the (descriptive) information (including the rates / prices / fees, directives &) terms and conditions and available on our website responsible.
Our website is no recommendation or confirmation of the quality, of the qualifications, the classification (Serviceniveaus stars) or of its bodies, or (Unterkunftsart Reiseanbieters vehicles (principal or ancillary venues, products or services)) and should also not be viewed as such, unless explicitly noted.
Our Reise-dienstleistungen are only for private and non-commercial use available.
Therefore will not be allowed to content or information software, products or services that are available on our website, for commercial or competitive purposes to drive, with link to use of websites subpages,, to extract (for example with replicate, spider), a Scrape publish or upload to reproduce.
Prices 2., ' we are offering the same price, and offers a Genius-programm partner
Reiseanbietern prices offered by the on our side are highly competitive.
All prices for their journey be and all the other taxes, including vat (and therefore are subject to) and all fees, provided that appropriate Steuerschwankungen this otherwise on our website or in their number. Bestätigungs-e-mail
All fares apply per person or group and are dependent on the validity and the expiry date which is stated on the ticket if appropriate.
Incurred charges and taxes (including /) may in the case of Tourismusabgaben Kurtaxe or cancellations of calculated. Nichtanreisen Reiseanbieter
Sometimes on our website for certain stays in a hotel better prices indicated.
Reiseanbietern these prices are subject to specific provisions laid down, for example, where appropriate, in respect of cancellations and the reimbursement of payments.
Check before the transaction sure whether the product in question, the service or the separate provisions. such Buchungsbestimmungen
We want to see them for their product or their the lowest possible price figures service.
Should their elected on the same accommodation and a lower price Reisebestimmungen found on the internet, having recorded with us, we will have our price the lower price according to the provisions of " we are offering the same price adjust. "
Our promise " we offer the same price " shall not apply to products and services which do not use of accommodation.
The Währungsrechner is only the text and so can not be regarded as accurate and claimed.
Current prices may vary.
Obvious errors and errors (also) reservations. error
All information and are identified as such. championships
Unless they are labelled as such, they can thereof, when it comes to draw no rights are obvious errors.
Genius-programm
Genius-rate in is a reduced rate of participating accommodation for certain categories of rooms / accommodation is offered.
The Genius-rate shall apply to members of the of Genius-programms Booking.com.
The Genius-programm is open to everybody who holds an account on the platform has.
Mitgliedsgebühren; there is no to membership, they must only 2 (two) stays in 2 (two years) training.
Membership Genius-raten, and for the relevant member and can not be transferred.
Membership can also to certain campaigns or be subject to incentive programmes of sole discretion Booking.com from time to time launched or announced.
Genius-programm currently offers two (2) that, according to the number of Mitgliedschaftsstufen on the platform of transactions carried out, each with different judge Booking.com accommodation and / or selected for selected Rabattstufen options (10 % and 15 %).
The Mitgliedschaftsstufen can vary and can after sole discretion of change. Booking.com
Booking.com reserves the right to Genius-mitgliedschaft in case of misuse of individuals to withdraw and should therefore be repealed, such as a breach of such general terms and conditions and / or invalid in the use of credit cards.
Booking.com reserves also the right of individuals in the case of impropriety this Genius-mitgliedschaft persons to withdraw and, for example in the case of lift violence, threats, harassment, discrimination, obscene acts or fraud against (or their staff and agents) Booking.com and / or of accommodation (or their staff and agents).
The Genius-rate can not practice, or combined with other legacies except for a permit from the accommodation or any other indication).
Booking.com may at its discretion in the structure of the or another feature of the programme (Genius-programms, inter alia, the status of the corresponding () (n) (n)) from any Genius-stufe reasons and without giving prior notice (in part) change, reduce or abwandeln.
The Genius-mitgliedschaft about your account with linked-she can't end or Booking.com expire, unless they terminate your account, close or otherwise delete.
Booking.com also reserves the right to an inactive account without notice to you or otherwise to be disabled. abzumelden
An inactive account is defined as the account over 5 (five) years no reservation was made.
If disabled, do you have your account is no longer entitled to the benefits of the Genius-programms.
You can activate your account by again on its account with a transaction qualifying nobles. Booking.com
Partnerangebot
Booking.com tenders can not directly show of come, but by a partner of Reiseanbietern Booking.com, such as a platform, be settled (other). Partnerangebot
Partnerangebote indicated clearly and be regular offered directly from originate and have the following differences Reiseanbietern special provisions, provided that at our platform otherwise stated:
Price and in the appropriate platform.
Pay in advance that they pay at the time of booking. certainly Booking.com
No changes: transaction has been concluded, after her, no changes to their personal data or to be carried out. their Buchungsinformationen
Questions can directly to the shelter, but not guaranteed. addressed
Offered could not be combined with other: other offers benefits and premiums for this transaction can not used.
No Gästebewertung: it is not possible, on our platform a bloodbath. Gästebewertung
Data protection.
Provisions on data protection and cookies for further information.
4 for consumers, only pay! Reiseanbieter if
Unless otherwise indicated, are our services for consumers, because in contrast to many other free of charge, suppliers, we will have our not take into account and ceremonial swords and no additional (accounting) fees calculated.
They pay the appropriate amount of the transaction, as indicated in the Reiseanbieter (and, if not already included in the price, from taxes, duties and charges (if applicable)).
Reiseanbieter figures (a small percentage of (e.g. basis)) to Produktpreises, after the service or the end-user Booking.com the product of the has taken place after the guest (e.g. Reiseanbieters in the housing and the paid. stayed (
Reiseanbieter can increase by their placing your commission (increase) increase visibility.
Visibility increase the use of " " (increase in commission for an increased success in the search results has been the responsibility of each) is and can Reiseanbieters from time to time for different products offered to be used.
Algorithm posting expects an increase of default for posting.
Preferred partners pay a higher commission and receive in return better position in the search results has been.
Only Reiseanbieter seeking (contractual), are on the business relationship with Booking.com platform available (for their b2b and / or advertising of their product), b2c
Booking.com is not open platform (such as amazon or ebay), on the end user can make their products available (no C2c-plattform; allows parties did not, their Booking.com unprofessionellen products on offer to sell or. or through Booking.com
Credit card or transfer.
Where appropriate and available offer some (of the total amount paid travel bookings Reiseanbieter or part (in accordance with the) to the to Reiseanbieter Zahlungsrichtlinien Reiseanbieters.
Payment shall be made during the by means of a safe (under Online-zahlung travel bookings of their bank offered). Serviceleistung
For certain products and services (independent) Zahlungsanbieter Booking.com worked payment of the corresponding product or service (ie) for and on behalf of the Zahlungsabwicklungsservice is never as a contracting party) (Reiseanbieters Booking.com.
The Zahlungsprozess is certainly of its credit / debit card or your bank account on an external to the bank account of the. Zahlungsabwickler Reiseanbieters
Each payment for and on behalf of the processed and is transferred in these Reiseanbieters is in any case to or a part of the Buchungspreis you for the relevant product Buchungspreises or service in the final settlement of the (partly) due unit (price) figures. bevrijdende betaling
This amount paid can not be recovered them.
Please note that for certain () or prices in travel bookings nicht-erstattbare offers immediate payment by bank transfer (if possible) or credit card is required, and thus may or a burden on their credit card (sometimes Vorautorisierung without any possibility of substitution) is carried out.
Check data on selected product / service in relation to just before they carry out the separate provisions and this is confirmed, booking of the trip
Booking.com is not responsible and shall not be liable for any legitimate, (()) or false fee of supposedly unjustified and you can not valid or legitimate Reiseanbieters debiting of their credit card (back) demand Reiseanbieters (including for advance payments, and cancellations) payer Nichtanreise.
Kreditkartenbetrugs or misuse in the event of their most banks and credit card by third parties shall cover all the costs, the risk and credit card companies from a fraud or abuse arise, sometimes with excess (usually amounting to eur 50 (or the corresponding value in a currency other)).
If your credit card companies or their bank of them because of abuse by the transaction on our website created a personal contribution, we will have expected exemption amounting to up to 50 eur (or the corresponding value in a currency other)?
In order to get compensation, make sure you this was the (in accordance with its provisions) and show Kreditkartenanbieter contact us immediately.
Provide us with a demonstration of charged excess (e.g., the provisions of the). Kreditkartenunternehmens
This refund applies only to transactions by credit card on safe server of, with the unauthorised use of their Booking.com, credit card to an error or an omission on our part is due and not in connection with the use of the safe for error server is based.
Cancellation Nichtanreise, advance, and small print.
With accept the booking of the trip in a Reiseanbieter provisions of in terms of cancellations and failure Reiseanbieters and any additional (supplies) provisions of, in terms of their journey Reiseanbieters can enter into force (including the platform provided as well as the on our Reiseanbieter Kleingedrucktem), including provisions of Reiseanbieters services and / or products for which the Reiseanbieter.
The spedal conditions (supply to purchase / / to) a they receive from the freight forwarder Reiseanbieters Reiseanbieter.
Reiseanbieters general provisions of the relevant in relation to at the cancellations and failure to appear on our website, while the Informationsseiten Reiseanbieters of and in its or their ticket Buchungsprozesses Bestätigungs-e-mail (if applicable), below.
Please note that certain prices, fees or tenders may not be cancelled, or can be modified. allowances
Nichtanreise or in the case of may nevertheless, cancellation toll incurred are calculated. Reiseanbieter Tourismusabgaben
Check before the transaction carefully the information required for their product or service in respect of elected separate provisions.
Please note that a with (of the total amount of advance payment or prepayment booking of the trip or a part) can be cancelled (without prior reminder or) in so far as the relevant prior warning (outstanding amount is not in full and on time) in accordance with applicable of the transaction may be confiscated and Zahlungsrichtlinien Reiseanbieters.
Stornierungs- Vorauszahlungsbedingungen and vary depending on the segment, product or service each journey.
Check carefully the fine print (in the bottom of page each Reiseanbieters Reisearten or) and the crucial on our platform for additional information in their Buchungsbestätigung (e.g., age limits to provisions of Reiseanbieters Schadenskaution, /, / Nichtstornierbarkeit additional charges for Gruppenbuchen not breakfast, pets, offering free Zustellbetten accepted credit cards).
Bear risk and for late payment, wrong, wrong debit or credit card details, bank credit or debit cards or insufficient. invalid Kontodeckung
In such cases, they are no refund of prepaid (), other than the amount nicht-erstattbaren allowed this under his (prepayment) Reiseanbieter payment and Stornierungsrichtlinien.
If your review, revise or cancel to booking of the trip to take your hand and follow the Bestätigungs-e-mail specified therein instructions.
Please note that under the provisions of them in terms of cancellations, (prepayment Reiseanbieters) payment and a fee can be calculated or failure to appear not entitled to repayment of the amount paid in advance ().
We recommend that you with regard to the provisions of the cancellations, (prepayment) Reiseanbieters payment and before the transaction carefully read through. failure
Remember payments within the time limit to make as this, where appropriate, the reservation are necessary.
Anreisetag late or late or if you on until the next day to pick tell the (/ immediately), please Reiseanbieter in a timely manner so that it knows when with your arrival is to be expected and to cancel their journey (transaction) or the calculation of a fee for avoiding. Nichtanreise
Our Kundenservice-abteilung can them as necessary in informing the help. Reiseanbieters
Booking.com shall not be liable or responsibility for the consequences of their late or any travel or invoiced for cancellation fee by the Reiseanbieters Nichtanreise.
7 (further) communication and correspondence
Concluding her to accept the receipt (i) a booking of the trip e-mail, which we will shortly before her may send you Anreisedatum information relating to its destination and tenders (including tenders if they are provided for this third option for its have decided), and their destination, as well as relevant booking of the trip (ii) an email after their arrival, she asks her experience in the Reiseanbieter and the assessment, and ceremonial swords (iii) an e-mail, which we will, where appropriate, directly after your stay in the hotel and send in so requested, the form for the Gästebewertung only.
Further information on the way we may be found in the contact provisions on data protection and cookies.
Booking.com does not accept responsibility or liability for any communication or with the on or on the platform. Reiseanbieter
You can not, by the communication with the questions nor (any form of) Reiseanbieter a communication or a question Eingangsbestätigungen rights.
Booking.com can not guarantee that a communication by the requests or () / read / receive timely Reiseanbieter / exported / acceptable. met
To completely safe, they must carry out booking of the trip its correct e-mail address).
We are not responsible and liable for any false or misspelled or false () or e-mail addresses and mobile telephone numbers have no obligation to the credit card numbers review.
Any right or any complaint against or on the Reise-services must immediately sent Booking.com, but in any case within 30 days after the day of the use of the product or services planmäßgen Check-out-datum). (e.g.
Any right or any complaint that after this period of 30 days is being sent may be refused and the applicant / loses its right to any (Anspruchstellende injury or ransom. Aufwendungs-
Continuous due to update and adapt the prices and available, we recommend them urgently with the transaction to make screenshots (if applicable) to support its position.
For consumers (in the european economic area): we recommend that you inform us first on complaints, turning to our customer service.
If this is not the solution to their complaint leads, they may be through the odr platform of the european commission upload.
This platform to can be found here: http: / Online-streitbeilegung / ec.europa.eu / odr.
8 ranking, preferred programme, stars and Gästebewertungen
We hope to make the relevant search results, by adding a show of transport service providers on our platform offer personalisiertes Standard-ranking.
Standard-rankings scroll, filter by this you can use and for alternatives and we have the possibility of sorting Reihenfolgen the presentation of the search results to influence to other criteria based on order to obtain.
We use to produce several algorithms, with this procedure Standard-ranking-ergebnisse constantly evolving.
Booking.com has the following parameters established most closely with the search for a suitable Reiseanbietern, and therefore has such parameters correlated in the algorithms (): weighted according to their personal, the basic aspects of the to Suchverlauf Click-through-rate (ctr) " Hotelseite search page, the number of transactions in relation to the number of visits to the side of the on the platform (" conversion " Reiseanbieters), gross (including cancellations and) (excluding cancellations) of Reiseanbieters Netto-buchungen.
The conversion and can by various independent) factors (ctr be affected, including assessments of both the (or the components), the global assessments availability, directives (competitive pricing, the quality of the content and) certain characteristics of. Reiseanbieters
Reiseanbieter Kommissionsprozentsatz or other benefits of paid to us (e.g. by commercial agreements with the strategic partners) may also or Reiseanbieter to the and on the detection of Reiseanbieters on Standard-ranking the punctual payment.
The Reiseanbieter may be also by taking part in certain programmes Standard-ranking influence, which from time to time be updated.
Programmes include the tenders, the and the, Genius-programm Preferred-partner-programm " (by the programme ' increased visibility is paid by the latter two higher to us). commission Reiseanbieter
Booking.com displayed on housing is not Booking.com Sternebewertung.
Each lodging their itself or by an independent it will Sternebewertung for objective) determined. (Drittanbieter Sternebewertungen
Offers based on the sorting of high or low after (Sterneanzahl up to low) appropriate providers. indicate Booking.com
Depending on the (regional) directives and possibilities are the either by a third (independent) Sternebewertungen, for example a official), or at their own discretion of Hotelbewertungsorganisation Unterkunftsbesitzers regardless of objective criteria satisfied.
Booking.com writes no formal commitments and review this neither. Sternebewertungen
Total Sternebewertung, such as a shows the relative to the shelter legal requirements (if applicable) or, this should not be required to sector or to (normal), trimmings and services available prices for industrial standards higher (these requirements and standards could possibly from country to country and organization organisation differ).
Better guests to the appropriate accommodation for their can find can to certain Reisevorlieben accommodation of a set Booking.com Booking.com with yellow tiles quality award.
To comparability to ensure quality assessment is based on over 400 features which in five main categories: (i) facilities / services by the equipment / shelter on offered (ii) Booking.com configuration of accommodation as size of the unit, number of rooms and occupancy, (iii) the number and quality of the accommodation uploaded photos, (iv) average, for example, cleanliness, as well as certain Gästebewertungsergebnis individual evaluations in them as particularly helpful for customers in the assessment of the quality of accommodation underlined and (v) and aggregated data (e.g. anonymous last to assess the accommodation of gross). Sternebewertung
We take this different characteristics to statistical model to use.
Based on this information, with the help of machine learning an analysis carried out and the results of an automatically calculated (between 1 and 5 quality evaluation as indicated by yellow tiles next to the name of accommodation 1-5) lead and place of accommodation.
Only customers in housing have stayed are invited, their stay in the Booking.com each shelter and an assessment to comment on certain aspects of their stay may be lodged or during the stay asked for an evaluation.
Gästebewertung completed the (including the assessment delivered during their stay) may (a) to the relevant information on our website. load of Reiseanbieters
This is exclusively for (future) on the service and the other guests. quality of Reiseanbieters
Completed Gästebewertung (b) furthermore, it may at the discretion of (partly or entirely) (for Booking.com marketing, advertising or to improve the services) used on our website or, in the newsletter, where tenders Social-media-plattformen apps and other channels, which are held by or from and / or are Booking.com Booking.com led its counterparties used or control.
To current (and therefore relevant) to provide assessments may only assessments in a limited period (3 months) after the residence, and to any assessment is only given for a limited period (up to 36 months) after which it was made available online.
Default rankings of the assessment is based on the date on which it online, and some other criteria (e.g. language, assessments), with an assessment with comments to a client, [always] comprehensive and detailed evaluations (" "), delivers the top display Reisedetektiv could.
Various Bewertungskategorien and you can filter (e.g., date, choose target language, score).
Booking.com Reiseanbietern) allows to assessments
We reserve the right to fit any evaluation, to reject or hurt our Bewertungsrichtlinien removed.
Customers are not give an assessment, or in any other way compensated Booking.com rewarded.
The Gästebewertungsformular can be regarded as a kind of survey and contains no further (commercial) tenders, or other invitations advertising.
Booking.com to use their best endeavours to control and remove the assessments or an individual name or reference obscenity contain a reference to stolen property.
Booking.com does not include the assessments:
Obscene hateful, violent,, /, discriminatory or impending offensive pornographic content
Mention full name, personal attacks on staff
Promote illegal acts (e.g. drug abuse, prostitution)
Pages, emails and addresses, telephone numbers, card details
Politically sensitive comments
Reiseanbieter booking.com and are each entitled to the partnership, regardless of the reasons why, at any time (including in the case of breach of contract and bankruptcy ()), taking into account relevant -anmeldung notice by both parties agreed to an end.
Disclaimer.
In accordance with the regulations and general conditions under this legislation, we only for direct damage to them because of our commitments in relation to our services Nichterfüllens arose, but only up to the amount of the total, as he indicated on the Reisebuchungsbetrages (both in an event is Bestätigungs-e-mail as well as a number of related events).
Under law, neither we nor members of the board, managers, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, partner enterprises, partner, selling) (Affiliate- distribution partners, or other persons authorised holder in the development, the sponsorship, or to assist the side or their content are involved or in a different way the page and to provide for their content, i), concrete or indirect damage and sequelae Schadenersatzverpflichtungen,,,,, Leistungsausfall Gewinnausfall Einnahmeausfall loss of prestige, business Vertragsverlust forfeiture of entitlement, (ii) as regards the descriptive (inaccuracies) information (including prices, and valuations) for how they available on our website Reiseanbieter will be made available, (iii) the services offered or the products or other counterparty, (iv) damage Reiseanbieter (indirect, immediate,) and losses or sequelae or Schadenersatzverpflichtungen costs they have incurred from, or in connection with the use of not possible use or delay our website, or v) (personal) injury, death, or other damage (Eigentumsschaden indirect
Booking.com is not responsible (and is) for use in any liability, validity, quality, and the disclosure of the journey and suitability, does not assume any assurances, or any way, including means of conditions relating to performance, titles, implicit guarantees of rights or to a particular versatility Nichtverletzung purpose.
You confirm and agree that the respective responsible for the journey and liable alone Reiseanbieter is (including any guarantees and statements made by the). Reiseanbieter
Booking.com disclosed) is not (seller of the journey.
Complaints claim to travel or (including as regards the price offered (), or special requests from directive Sonderangebot customers), must be dealt with Reiseanbieter.
Booking.com rejecting any liability is not responsible (ab) for any complaints or claims (product) guarantees.
You note and agree that in all cases for the taking, the retention, Reiseanbieter paying and pay for the price (the journey) tax liability to the tax administration responsible is responsible, regardless of whether they pay (or paid directly trip), or whether we the settlement of the payment of the price or the fee (the journey) system.
Booking.com liable or is not responsible for taking the retention, payment and payment of the price or the fee (the journey) tax liability to the tax administration responsible.
Booking.com is not as compensation for any products or services on the platform.
By uploading / images on our side (e.g. as an addition in confirm qualifications and agree that they guarantee the copyright for these photos have / images.
Also do you agree that the uploaded photos / images at its Booking.com () and the website and for mobile app (online /) and publications at the discretion of Offline- promotional material can use. Booking.com
They grant exclusive, worldwide, a Booking.com firm, clean, and such a licence, the worldwide perpetual right photos / images at the discretion of to use to reproduce Booking.com indicate to spread to, to communicate and to make available unterlizenzieren.
By photos to upload of this person who recognises the / images, the full legal and moral images that responsibility for any legal rights of third parties (including, but without restriction to) the use or because of Unterkunftsbesitzer publication of this / images. photos by Booking.com
Booking.com has and does not support the uploaded photos / images.
The accuracy, validity and the right to use all these pictures / images lies with the person who uploaded, and is not the photograph the responsibilities of Booking.com.
Booking.com includes any responsibility or liability for the uploaded photos.
The person who has the photo, shall ensure that the uploaded photos / images no viruses, trojans, infected files, not illegal, offensive, obscene and pornographic undue or inappropriate materials contain and no rights (intellectual property rights, copyright, data protection rights), the third hurt.
Photos images / do not comply with the aforementioned criteria are not published and / or may at any time without prior notification removed Booking.com / be deleted.
Intellectual property.
Unless otherwise stated, the software for our services or for our platform is used and, on that is available, and the intellectual property rights (including the copyright on the content and applications on our platform owned by his Reiseanbietern or suppliers. Booking.com b.v.
Booking.com shall have the exclusive ownership of all right, title and the whole of intellectual property () (Nutzungsansprüchen the appearance and design (including infrastructure). the platform, through which the service is available (including Gästebewertungen and content) übersetzter.
It will be without our written permission shall not be entitled, explicit content or the trade mark (including any translations) and Booking.com to copy, scrapen, Gästebewertungen link (by), to publish hyper- or to Deeplinks promote to market, to integrate covered to use to connect or otherwise to use.
Should our (translated) content (including) (wholly or partly) used Gästebewertungen or in or in any form of intellectual property rights or any platform (translated) content (including) have come from this Gästebewertungen and transfer them to Booking.com.
Any illegal use and each of the abovementioned act or conduct represented a significant violation of our intellectual property rights, including copyright and). Datenbankurheberrecht
11 governing law, jurisdiction and dispute settlement
The agb, and the provision of services are subject to the dutch law and are designed. survey
Previous regardless of the choice of jurisdiction is a natural person who, our services for a purpose to take not your trade or profession can be attributed to (hereinafter "), also known as " to the consumer mandatory rules of the law the state in which they appointed habitually resident (i.e., in accordance with the provisions of that country, regardless of the choice of law, must apply; " Rechtswahlklausel Mussbestimmungen ").
All disputes which arise from these and our services are only agb before the competent courts in amsterdam in the netherlands itself.
Above regardless of a consumer complaints can with regard to the choice of court agreement enforcement of the relevant applicable, also in the courts the state collected Mussbestimmungen, in which the consumer is resident, and can complain against a consumer only in the state courts are collected in which the consumer is domiciled.
For consumers (in the european economic area): we recommend that you inform us first on complaints, turning to our customer service.
If this is not the solution to their complaint leads, they may be through the odr platform of the european commission upload.
This platform to can be found here: http: / Online-streitbeilegung / ec.europa.eu / odr.
The german translation is based on the english version.
The translated version of the english conditions is a and is purely for information and internal Gefälligkeitsübersetzung purposes.
Disputes inconsistencies or, in the case of differences between the english version and the version in another language is under the legal provisions and the english version is binding.
The english version can be found on our platform (if you are an english language), or will they choose, on request, in writing. zugesendet
Is or will be one of the provisions of this treaty or not binding, not enforceable inoperative, all other provisions applicable to the parties remain unaffected.
Contractors ineffective in this case, replace the or non-binding provision in the context of the legislation through effective and binding provision that in view of the content and purpose of this treaty, as far as possible, with similar effects to the ineffective, not or not binding provision has. vollziehbare
On Booking.com and Supportunternehmen.
Reiseservice is the, a private corporation provided bv Booking.com with limited liability, jurisdiction and dutch based in amsterdam, netherlands, herengracht 597 1017 ce; registered at amsterdam in the registration number and the chamber of commerce is Nl805734958b01 vat 31047344.
Booking.com based in amsterdam, netherlands, is worldwide support. many Partner-supportunternehmen
The Supportunternehmen are purely for internal support in favour of Booking.com.
Certain Supportunternehmen provide a limited exclusively by telephone). (customer service
The Supportunternehmen have no platform (and operate control or maintain the platform in any way.
Supportunternehmen mandates to the can not to provide service to represent a contract on behalf of or Booking.com of for or on behalf of Booking.com closed.
The Supportunternehmen operate either as process and nor are they to authorised by Reiseserviceagenten Booking.com.
Registered except the headquarters in amsterdam accepted no nowhere in office or seat Booking.com in the world (including the offices of the). Supportunternehmen
