Terms and conditions for dropbox
Published on 17 april 2018
Valid from 25 may 2018
We are pleased that they use, dropbox
These general terms and conditions (" "), its access to agb rules our services, (" services ") and websites of, and the use of the same.
When outside the united states of america, canada and mexico (" "), close this life north america agreement with the international company. dropbox unlimited
If you live in north america, close the agreement with dropbox, inc., in our sets out how their information we Datenschutzrichtlinien collect and use, and in our conditions of use their obligations regarding the use of our services.
By using our services explain themselves with these, and use our agreed. agb Datenschutzrichtlinien
If our services to an organisation use, vote on behalf of this organization. these agb
Your files with your permission
Our services if they use give us your files, content, e-mails, contacts, etc. (" ready. " your files
Your files are theirs.
Agb give us no rights to their these files, apart from the limited rights, which enable us to give them the services offered.
We need your approval, for example, their files, and at their request to secure hosten going available.
Our services offer you also functions such as photos, documents, Miniaturbilder Voransicht comment on light, edit, release and see. sort
For these and other functions can be carried out, we need systems may on their files access and save it and scan.
They give us the approval of these measures, and to this authorisation shall also cover our subsidiaries, and the, with which we cooperate. Drittanbieter
Release your files
On our services to files with other parts, see carefully what they release so.
Their responsibilities
They are responsible for their actions.
Their actions and files must our requirements. conditions
The content in the services by the intellectual property rights can be protected.
Do content only copy, if you download or upload release also entitled to do so.
We reserve the right to its actions and its contents to comply with this review. our agb and conditions
However, we are not obliged to.
We are not responsible for the content, the users of the services and items release.
Help us, you informed and to maintain their files.
Keep her password for the access to services and certainly keep your current. Kontoinformationen
Give no other access to their account. or your login
Use of those services is them only in compliance with applicable laws.
Including laws and regulations to export controls.
Finally you need to use our services at least 13 years old.
In some cases, the age limit is even higher.
Inhabitants of france, germany or of the netherlands, at least 16 years of age.
Tell please on the ground on the required age for the capacity on the internet.
Age if they have not achieved, they are not entitled to the services can be.
Software
Allow downloading of some of our services (" software "), which can be automatically updated.
These agb as long as they comply with and we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, licence, exclusively for the software widerrufliche access to the services to be used.
Softwarekomponente where is offered under a free software license do we make the licence available to them and the provisions of the licence, some of the conditions in these agb explicitly removed.
Legally permissible, do you agree, if the services not to or this or experimental zurückzuentwickeln dekompilieren support.
Betadienste
From time to time we will publish, which are still products and features in the test and interpretation phase are.
These services are as, beta, or means or by Vorabversionen Produktvorschau concepts and formulations containing Produktauswertung similar importance described.
Important: they offer not the same as the other Dropbox-dienste reliability.
Our property
Our services are available from and copyright and in the us and by legislation in other countries protected.
This agb give you no rights, no not entitled to the property and to services in the service or the content of other brands, logos and other by dropbox Markenkennzeichen.
We look forward to feedback, but point out that the use of comments or proposals no commitment to them.
Copyright
We respect others and expect the same intellectual property from you.
React to notifications of, if this law with alleged violations of copyright and we suitable information.
Notifications such are our Urheberrechtsrichtlinien.
We reserve the right possibly against copyright content remove or deactivate contrary and of users that repeatedly accounts against copyright breach dissolved.
Your reference for reports of suspected in connection with the services is: copyright
Copyright agent
Dropbox, inc.
333 brannan street
San francisco, ca 94107, usa
Copyright @ dropbox.com
Payer accounts
Account, you can do your space and increase its account functions (by you add payer account in a convert. " zahlungspflichtiges account
From date her account in a, and each time, zahlungspflichtiges account convert if the renewal of its is due to the termination, subscriptions we send them automatically a bill.
Jahresabo when they have completed, let them by e-mail because you abo shortly.
The notification shall be made in good time before the Verlängerungsdatum.
They are responsible for all due taxes and we raise there, where we are legally obliged to taxes.
Binding rules in some countries you call local laws.
This paragraph does not take precedence over these laws.
No refund-you can you denounce. zahlungspflichtiges Dropbox-konto
Refunds are granted only where this is required by law.
Users resident in the eu, for example, to subscriptions within 14 days of the payment services accounts, the upgrade or renewal application to quit.
Downgrades kostenpflichtiges-you will remain until it account in accordance with those terminated or will be dissolved. agb
Kostenpflichtiges fees for you if they are, we reserve account not timely settle the right to renounce it or the space to a free to reduce Speicherplatzmenge
Changes, we can change notify before but fees applicable by e-mail to the address with her account attached to it.
Dropbox-teams
E-mail • with one of their organisation provided for a register can your email address their organisation Dropbox-konto may suspend until they reach a Dropbox-nutzung account in a switch (e.g. under a Dropbox-team dropbox or), or by business dropbox her with Education-abos Dropbox-konto. a private email to
Dropbox-teams use of-if you are obliged to join a Dropbox-team it in accordance with the conditions and directives shall be used. their organization
Dropbox-teamkonten please note that the control of its organisation.
Their administrators may on the information in their access, reveal, or restrict Dropbox-teamkonto account from the device.
, Its access to restrict or eliminate. a Dropbox-teamkonto
Dropbox-konto if you an existing in a with an association can convert their account Dropbox-team administrators prevent them later linking its account with the Dropbox-team events.
Termination of the use
They can denounce our services.
We reserve the right to their access to services, with advance notification to suspend or terminate if: (a) this agb, (b) the services they are in a way benefit from the us or other users a real risk of loss or injury could arise or (c) they do not benefit and 12 months in a row zahlungspflichtiges account not on our services have access.
On with your email account linked we are asking them sufficiently in advance to the relevant activity and to give them to submit their files from our services to export.
Following this request if they take the necessary steps, your access to services stopped or suspended.
In the following cases is no prior notification for a termination: (a) in a serious breach of the agb, (b) where a legal liability for us entail or would affect our ability, the services to other users to provide or (c) where this is prohibited by law.
End of provision of services
We reserve the right to suspend services, either in the case unforeseen circumstances outside the control of, or to withdraw a legislative requirement dropbox to follow.
In this case, it sufficiently in advance, and they shall files from our systems can export.
Services we should in this way before the end of a fixed or minimum period for which they have paid end we shall pay them the charges paid in advance, for which no services have received.
Services without Mängelgewähr
We are trying to provide excellent services.
But there are some things for which we can not guarantee.
Where legally permissible, take over and its subsidiaries, suppliers and distributors dropbox explicit guarantees regarding the still not tacit services.
Services as available without). " (" MÄNGELGEWÄHR
We are also against every guarantee as regards the marketability, suitability for a specific purpose and of rights. NICHTVERLETZUNG
In some regions are described in this section Haftungsausschlüsse inadmissible.
It should be that this not apply to you.
Limitation of liability
The exclusion of liability or
To limitation of liability to them shall not apply where this inconsistent with, for example in law be contrary case of fraud or fraudulent before in the provision of services by dropbox or its subsidiaries.
In countries where the following types of HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSEN are not allowed, to them exclusively for losses and we are reasonably foreseeable damage caused by the result of a lack of adequate care and competence or breach of contract for our part,.
This paragraph has no impact on consumer rights, not by contract or agreement or can be restricted. ABBEDUNGEN
HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE limitations in countries in which are permitted, or its subsidiaries, subcontractors and dropbox are not: i. in indirect, special distributors and random damage, with actual service compensation or or STRAFZWECK sequelae.
In NUTZUNGSAUSFALL, data loss, winning, regardless of the legal basis or lost business
This disclaimer or
This shall apply even if dropbox or limitation of liability of the possibility of its subsidiaries of such damage has been given.
It services for commercial, economic or use of any kind, adhesion, dropbox WIEDERVERKAUFSZWECKE its subsidiaries, subcontractors and they do not fall for loss of profit distribution partners lost business, interruption of services or lost GESCHÄFTSGELEGENHEITEN.
Dropbox and its subsidiaries are not liable for the behaviour of users of these services, whether online or offline.
Liability except for types of which we can not restrict by law (as described in this paragraph, we limit our liability towards them 20 dollars or 100 % of the amount that they pay, in accordance with its current Dropbox-abo shall apply each higher of the two amounts.
Settlement of disputes
Amicable settlement-we want their problems with dropbox without involving any in the world to court.
Before filed a lawsuit against you, they are trying to submit dropbox an informal settlement of the dispute, turning to dispute notice. ‑ @ dropbox.com
We are trying to settle the dispute informally by e-mail.
Should a dispute can not within 15 days after settled, they might claim or dropbox a formal proceedings.
Jurisdiction dropbox-and they agree that legal proceedings relating to rights, against the general terms and conditions are put forward, in accordance with the following mandatory or before the federal court in Schiedsbestimmungen san francisco county, california, fought.
Dropbox agree both you and the case-law of jurisdiction and these courts.
When stored in a country residing (e.g. eu member states), law consumers the right to institute proceedings before a local court to lead this paragraph has no influence on these constraints.
If in the united states resident, vote, following mandatory to: SCHIEDSBESTIMMUNGEN
Arbitration agreement-the customer and agree to all these agb or dropbox services concerned, except for the claims under " derogations by the arbitration agreement by a final " explained situations and binding arbitration by one single mediators to be clarified.
Including disputes arising from the interpretation or application of this section " mandatory " shown or refer to them, including Schiedsbestimmungen, whose validity or enforceability Widerrufbarkeit.
Disagreement arbitration agreement to-you can explain their disagreement with this arbitration agreement by clicking here and Nichteinverständniserklärung there within 30 days after registration of account submit.
If you are going with a previous version of this, in which they have agreed agb could choose its disagreement with the arbitration agreement to explain its previous decision is authentic.
Approach arbitration-the american arbitration association (aaa), the arbitration within his commercial arbitration rules () and the procedures for consumer Handelsschiedsgerichtsordnung supplementary (supplementary procedures in Disputes related consumer affairs) to decide.
Arbitration proceedings shall be in the united states in the county of residence or workplace, san francisco, ca) or at any other agreed location led.
Schiedsgerichtsgebühren and bonuses-the also includes the decision on all due Aaa-entscheidung fees of arbitration.
Dropbox assumes all charges of arbitration for individuals of less than 75,000 for claims males.
If arbitration in their favour and better than a supply fails, that we have to resolve the dispute offer we pay them in addition to the Verfahrenssumme males. 1,000
Dropbox calls for a, unless no arbitration Anwaltskosten their claim as unfounded considered the conciliator.
Exceptions to the arbitration agreement-you can or if the conditions are met dropbox, an action in small claims court in san francisco, ca), or any other county their place of residence or work hard.
Each of the two parties can bring an action with the aim of effort to unauthorised use or Unterlassungsanspruchs the abuse of services or an infringement of intellectual property without the above informal impossible. Benachrichtigungsverfahren
For you, or if the arbitration agreement may be not invoked its claim the land and vote in san francisco county, california, as Bundesgerichten extraordinary for resolving the dispute to jurisdiction.
No GEMEINSCHAFTSKLAGEN-do not use disputes with only one and no community, dropbox settle consolidated or an effort, class action
Gruppenschiedsverfahren redress, private attorney and consolidation with other arbitrations are not General-klagen allowed.
That paragraph should not be enforceable, then the whole (" mandatory " valid. Schiedsbestimmungen
Law
This agb are subject to in addition to any conflict of laws, right. kalifornischem
Some countries, including eu countries) have laws that dictate that contracts and agreements local laws in the country of the consumer.
This paragraph does not take precedence over these laws.
Total agreement
Agb bodies in respect of the goods in accordance with this the whole agreement between them and dropbox and shall abolish all prior or simultaneously existing agreements on this subject.
Agb rights by this will not benefit third parties.
Rechtsverzicht, severability and transfer of rights
Failures dropbox, of a clause to invoke do not mean that it at a later date can not be invoked.
Should invalid are found, there is a clause the validity of the remaining unaffected and will by agb enforceable condition that our intentions is largely replaced.
Agb issued by this rights are not transferable and gave each attempt is invalid.
Dropbox can his rights or its subsidiaries of any contracting party or a company related to Interessensnachfolger our services).
Changes
We reserve the right to these agb from time to time to review to better reflect the following: (a) legislative changes, (b) new legislation or (c) improvements or extensions of our services.
If a change in their use of the services or to their legal rights as users of our services, tell we effect before the date of entry into force of the amendment, by giving an email to the with your account linked by a message we send email address or the product blend.
The date of entry into force of agb is at least 30 days after the update of the date of notification.
If you do not agree with the amendments, you have your account before their entry into force quit.
Where applicable, you will receive from us a pro rata for the reimbursement of the services in advance taking account of the amount paid. Kündigungsdatums
By services after entry into force of the amendments to take, vote the amended. agb
