Conditions
Last updated: 3 april 2014.
Welcome to the websites of garmin ltd.
Garmin and their subsidiaries (" ").
" Garmin-websites ",,, count garmin.com garmin.blogs.com and other sites my.garmin.com connect.garmin.com those conditions of use are published.
In these conditions of use from time to time terms used " we, " " we, " " our " and corresponding discharges shall relate to garmin.
Please read it carefully before you use conditions Garmin-websites.
By using one vote. these conditions Garmin-website
If you do not accept the conditions not benefit. Garmin-websites
Please note that for certain services or functions on a number of specific conditions can be offered Garmin-websites.
These conditions will be published together with the respective services or functions.
They apply in addition to these conditions and in inconsistencies priority.
Garmin, this updating of this contribution change. at any time by conditions
To such changes linked if these would, in order to verify the terms regularly calls.
Use of content
Garmin-websites content, for example, text, graphics, images, audio, video and other content, and the domain names, the construction and design (slogans, in the " ') are content by copyright, trademarks and other laws, under american law as well as the other countries are protected and property or are controlled by garmin by third parties or made available on their content garmin. Lizenzbasis
The unauthorised use of content is against, and other copyright law brand.
Garmin-website where a offers the possibility, they are entitled to certain content download a copy of this content for their private, non-commercial use under the following conditions: (a) on a computer download all copyright and keep her other, (b) in the Eigentumshinweise Originalinhalts they are without the prior written approval of garmin, content shall not be entitled to sell to change, to reproduce to public export to spread or otherwise of a public or commercial purpose to use and (c) do not the content of a way used to a connection with our products, services or trade marks out here.
Are without the prior written approval of the contents of a garmin shall not be entitled, on another server to " reflect Garmin-website. "
Garmin without the express written approval of the use of content on another's website or in a networked professionals for any purpose prohibited.
The marks and service marks (" logos ") on the trade marks are owned by garmin or third. Garmin-websites
The use of these marks without the express written approval of garmin or the third shall be prohibited.
If you request information on the approval of garmin to use the content on its website, wish to receive, send an e-mail to webmaster @ garmin.com.
Software-downloads if we offer this on a software download, and Garmin-website, the software, including but not limited to all files and images, which are integrated into the software or software are generated and all the data, the software (in the " software ' means accompany), us or the respective third for private, non-commercial licensors exclusively use in licence concluded with them.
We transferred ownership of the software to you no.
They are not entitled to drive, software or otherwise to use it to, or otherwise, dekompilieren zurückzuentwickeln in a readable form disassemble general action.
Unless expressly and in writing otherwise, is this on the software from any means of garmin. this applies, including but not limited to guaranteeing, in terms of general performance, for a particular purpose, suitability and the ownership rights of third parties and regardless of NICHTVERLETZUNG whether there is explicit or implicit, legal acts. means of
Garmin does not assume any liability for (1), or failure of the software bug to inaccuracies, (2) losses or damages (including but not limited to a specific or indirect, in passing), with sequelae or compensation by downloading or STRAFZWECK the use of the software created or by inaccuracies or failure led to error software.
Should one of the above conditions laid down in law applicable, the liability of inadmissible is limited to the legally permitted. under garmin
Popular forums and communication
' Public forum ' means the area, a website or a function, as part of a is offered on the content in Garmin-website users to display for other users of (" " can be uploaded Garmin-websites), including, but not Benutzerinhalte limited to forums, message boards, social communities, or blogs. Konversationsseiten
They recognize that public forums and in public, not private functions provided are provided and they have no communication entitled to in respect of data protection in a public forum. Benutzerinhalte
We safety information you can on this media publish; they give this content not guarantee voluntarily and at its own risk free.
Lean upload of information or content in relation to other statements, service providers, users or third parties to your judgement. garmin
They can be held liable if they legally enforceable on the comments, remarks or Garmin-website diffamierende or other information or publish content by which other users, or they may make claims to third garmin.
Garmin is legally responsible for even if these Benutzerinhalte or otherwise legally enforceable. Benutzerinhalte defamatory
They remain liable for, on purely on or Benutzerinhalte in a public forum, and publish Garmin-websites bear the consequences for the transmission and publication of this content.
We shall not be obliged to monitor public forums.
Only they are responsible for the damage from a breach of copyright, ownership or other offences by emerge. Benutzerinhalte
Through release of materials or the owner of the materials give Garmin-websites garmin and licences, automatically the explicit right content (in whole or in part) not worldwide constantly, and not exclusively to use irrevocably to reproduce, to change, adapt to publish to translate and distribute and / or for the entire period of copyright or other, possibly in these existing rights, in any content or currently available in the future, forms, media and technology as well.
Also give any other user the right to access the content for personal use or indicate this to save or to reproduce.
They grant the right to all materials, garmin hereby on available to deal with, Garmin-websites to copy, and shall be expelled.
They recognize that they users in a public forum provided content at its own risk benefit or depend on it.
, For example, we are not liable for advice or opinions, recommendations of users in a public forum published or there are still, we support these eingesendet and we do not support any liability in this respect.
Controls verifications or we do not wage of skills, or abilities or users background information by which they in a public forum published.
Therefore, we recommend them, in the use of a public forum or Garmin-websites to exercise caution and your good judgment to support.
Conduct: they agree that they on a set a: no Garmin-website Benutzerinhalte
Defamatory offensive, or are a threat or a contain belästigend invasion of privacy constitute another person
When bigoted,, or otherwise are offensive racist
Violent vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise clearly nature or other forms of sexual a natural or legal person or damage could damage
Illegal or illegal activities or whose agreement; these include, inter alia, assist the child pornography, stalking, Benutzerinhalte sexual assault, fraud, trade in obscene, drug trafficking and / or materials stolen or abuse, harassment, theft or criminal activities date
Against rights of third parties); these include inter alia: (a) copyright, patent rights, brand or other property or treaty rights, (Handelsgeheimnisse (b) (in particular, they may not data of other data protection rights of persons without the express consent spread) or (c) personal rights or any confidentiality obligations
Commercial geschäftsbezogener, or nature or the sale of products werbender, services or other services (whether or not), other services or profitable request (this includes contributions or ask for donations.
A virus or harmful ingredients or a related to other network or Garmin-websites way distort or damage or otherwise affect the use of Garmin-websites by a natural or legal person affect
(A) in general, not on the matter of the relevant public forum, (b) are against certain restrictions for a public forum are (including age limits and procedure) or (c), restlessness (destructive or gesellschaftsfeindlich stiftend this includes, inter alia, on the internet often used operations and known terms such as ", " ", " " flaming spamming, " " Flooding " and ") or " Trolling Griefing
Are incorrect or misleading
We can not guarantee and do not guarantee that the above rules of conduct or other users other provisions of this, and they take this all conditions to damage or injury of risks to such non-compliance results.
We reserve the right not to publish or transmit or published Benutzerinhalte to cancel the against these conditions Benutzerinhalte are (including codes of conduct, we reject any obligation) or responsibility in this respect.
Accounts
To participate in certain services or to use additional advantages on the can or must be compiled an account Garmin-websites.
They acknowledge, the personal data requested (" registration data ' registration process, correct up-to-date and accurate) full details and make them to manage and update.
They acknowledge, rather than another person or legal person to or false information on their identity or their connection to an individual or legal person to make; this includes the use of the user name, or other account to another person or Kennworts the name of another person whose photos or voice.
They willing continues to be a us without delay, and on the unlawful uses webmaster @ garmin.com, your username or other account and on other security problems Kennworts in connection with information. Garmin-websites
We have the right, and their ability to use its account of Garmin-websites wholly or partly to suspend or terminate, if you against this or certain conditions of a specific service are Nutzungsbestimmungen.
Liability of garmin
Garmin granted any representation or with regard to the means of accuracy, reliability, completeness and timeliness of the content or the through the use of their content and results achieved. Garmin-websites
Garmin-websites using the and their content shall be at their peril.
Sometimes changes in size; this may at any Garmin-websites dates.
Garmin-websites may be some of the contents on the provided by third parties, is not provided by third parties for such garmin content responsible.
Garmin does not assume any means of ensuring that the whole operation, or that the Garmin-websites or the server computer viruses or other no Garmin-websites harmful elements.
Garmin-websites if their use of their content or must be exchanged or equipment or if it maintained by or comes, is not garmin GEWINNAUSFÄLLEN DATENVERLUSTEN to handle this required. costs
The Garmin-websites and their content is without and without any kind available to ensure MÄNGELGEWÄHR made.
Garmin service under the legislation of all the guarantees, but not limited to, including guarantees of the rights of ownership or NICHTVERLETZUNG marketability, and the suitability of third parties for a particular purpose.
Exclusion of certain cases of compensation
The Garmin-websites is their use at their peril.
If with the content or other components of these conditions are not satisfied with or Garmin-websites, is from further appeal in their exclusive use of the cards. Garmin-websites
Liable garmin in no cases or on this website for damages of any kind (including third referred to, but not limited to casually damage, with compensation and resultant damage, loss of profits or STRAFZWECK data loss or damage caused by the), through the use of or BETRIEBSUNTERBRECHUNG not possible use of their content and arose independently Garmin-websites of guarantee contract, illegal act or other legal basis and even when garmin informed of the possibility of such damage.
In some countries, the exclusion or the limitation of damage or in passing, so that the abovementioned restrictions not allowed sequelae or exclusions may not apply to them; in this case, the exclusion or the limitation in the maximum allowed under the applicable law apply.
Links to other websites
The Garmin-websites may contain links to websites by third parties, their content from third parties are managed.
The supply of such links is only in the interests of user friendliness and does not mean that the content of these websites of third supports garmin.
Garmin is not for the content of by left websites of responsible and have no associated third representation or in relation to the content, the means of accuracy of the material or the on such websites. third Datenschutzpraktiken
You access to websites linked from third parties by left at their peril.
Applications from third
On Garmin-websites is possibly the possibility of third applications developed download.
Garmin is not for the content or the functioning of these applications from third or for such responsible and have no Drittentwickler Datenschutzpraktiken representation or carried on in relation to this.
If using a using a download and use shall be made on Drittanbieters peril.
Indemnification guarantee
Defend them and keep its leading employees, managing director, garmin staff and agents free and against any complaints or claims, value, including but not limited to demands regulations and an appropriate level, or the alleged Buchhaltungskosten by an infringement against these conditions for actually occur.
Export controls
The us and other countries control the export of products and information.
They undertake to comply with these restrictions, and the contents or those in countries or to export, re-export or to export under the Exportkontrollgesetze is prohibited.
By downloading content indicate that they are not, in a country and that they are not excluded export in the " table of denial of american orders " (department of commerce ministry of commerce,) or the specially designated nationals list of the " " of the u.s. department of ministry of finance (the treasury) above.
Are for compliance with the local laws for them on the import, export or the content of responsible. Reexports
Copyright directive
Garmin respected third party's right to intellectual property.
Garmin may at its discretion in the account of a user, if this third copyright delete injured or repeatedly violated.
Garmin copyright infringement if they want to send a report to the notification by the digital millennium copyright act (dmca "; american law on copyright); the message to the specified form is mentioned below responsible must include the following:
Physically or electronic signature of a person empowered, on behalf of the owner of the copyright act. allegedly injured
Copyrighted details of the work in which the copyright was injured, or when allegedly reporting on several copyright works on a is a list of Online-website works on the site.
Details about the material that it considers against copyright or is subject of and is removed or to the copyright infringement access to information and disabled in sufficient detail to the service provider is one of the material to be provided.
Sufficient Kontaktdetails the address, telephone number and email address as complainants ' party (if available), to the service provider contacting the party to enable. beschwerdeführenden
Beschwerdeführenden a statement by the side that they in good faith is that the use of its identified material not by the whose representative is legally permitted or copyright owners.
A statement that everyone in the information provided is true, and note that in an affidavit of party is a person who beschwerdeführenden empowered, on behalf of the owner of the allegedly injured to act. Alleinrechts
They recognize that their in case of non-compliance with the requirements of the Dmca-benachrichtigung above section, for is valid.
Dmca Dmca-benachrichtigungen and to further information on the, see the section title 17 u.s.c., 512.
Our commissioner for is the following addresses: accessible Urheberrechtsfragen
Email: copyright @ garmin.com
Postal address:
Dmca designated agent
Attn: legal department
Garmin international, inc.
1200 east 151st street
Olathe 66062, ks, usa
General
Except to the extent of the following in this paragraph is described, all legal affairs arising from or in connection with the use of results, in accordance with the laws of the state of Garmin-websites designed and are subject to the laws that kansas relating to contracts which are concluded, kansas and satisfied. this applies irrespective of the principles relating to conflict of laws in the state.
Garmin-website vote by using one that claims or complaints arising from their use of the results of the exclusive jurisdiction of the Garmin-website of the united states for the district of kansas or Bundesbezirksgerichts another court of the state of kansas in johnson county.
Hereby irrevocable and abandon them in maximum allowable framework for any objection, legally now or in future, in relation to the competent court for such a procedure before such a court and any claims that such a procedure before such a court to an unfavourable held jurisdiction.
If (a) no are, (b) does not have Us-staatsbürger a residence in the us,, (c) outside the united states on the access and (d) a Garmin-website citizens of the countries listed below are that you are here and now that any conflict or rights, with this generation, without taking into account the conditions of use of conflict of laws listed in the following applicable statutory provision, and they are subject to this principle of the courts of the state, the irrevocable province or of the country, the following are intended and states whose laws are:
Nationality:
Any european union country
Governing law and jurisdiction:
English law; london
If you make a complaint or to request any further information you may feel in writing to the supplier.
Postal address: garmin international, inc., 1200 east street, olathe, kansas 66062 151st, united states.
1-913-397-8200 telephone: + (ask for the webmaster).
E-mail address: webmaster @ garmin.com.
