Google-nutzungsbedingungen
In germany, and if you products or services of google to access, please go to germany targeted our conditions of use for germany.
, As last amended on april 30, 2014 (archived versions show)
Welcome to google.
Thank you for our products and services (" services ") use.
The services are prescribed by google inc. (" "), amphitheatre parkway, google mountain view, ca, usa, provided. 94043
By using our services. this vote conditions
Please read it carefully.
We offer a wide range of different services.
Therefore apply in circumstances or additional conditions (e.g. a minimum age). Produktvoraussetzungen
Such additional conditions to be associated with the services available and are part of their agreement with us as soon as you use these services.
Use of our services
They are to comply with the directives required for our services.
Use abusive manner in our services.
They are not entitled to intervene in the services, for example, or otherwise than on the google provided and in accordance with our requirements upon the services user interface access.
Do our services only in the lawful use framework.
Among the legal provisions governing. Ausfuhr-und re-export control
We deliver our services to suspend it or, if you set against our directives if we are or conditions or misconduct. investigate alleged
By using our services has no industrial property rights to acquire our services or to the content, to which they have access.
Do content from our services do not use unless they have the consent of the rights-holder or are otherwise to such use justified.
These conditions give them no right to use of trade marks or logos using our services Markenelementen be used.
Legal instructions for use in or in connection with our services shall not be displayed omitted from or removed.
Our officials will also be content not google.
This content shall be subject to the exclusive responsibility of providing such accessible.
We reserve the right to their content or on the violation of now illegality to examine.
Content we can remove or their presentation refuse to reasonable to assume that we can it against our directives or applicable law rejected.
This does not mean that we consider content.
Go is not fundamentally on the assumption that we do so.
In connection with their use of our services we send them under certain circumstances, and other information. Serviceankündigungen Verwaltungsnachrichten
A portion of these communications. can you abbestellen
Some of our services are available on mobile devices.
Use this services in any way they and in compliance with traffic rules fashion or safety from.
You Google-konto
For the use of some of our services they need. a Google-konto
Recreate Google-konto you'll.
A Google-konto can for them, and from a administrator, such as her employer or an educational institution, established and shall be allocated to them.
If that is the case, or additional conditions apply, other, and their administrator may not your account access or deactivate them.
Treat her to her to protect confidential password Google-konto.
They are responsible for the activities in their or using this account to take place. Google-konto
Use password for you again in uses plugins. not Google-konto
Should improper use of a password or your account notice any follow these instructions.
Data protection and protection of copyright,
Google explains in the data protection rules as we on their personal data processes, and their data if they protect our services benefits.
By using our services do you agree that this data in accordance with our data protection provisions are allowed to use.
We respond to reports of suspected copyright infringements and who denounce the accounts are repeat offenders, in accordance with the in the copyright act (digital millennium copyright act) procedures.
We make information available through which holders of copyright can exercise their rights online.
If they believe that their copyright, and they tell us so hurt to find information to submit notifications and the directives of google to deal with notifications on our Hilfeseiten.
The content of our officials
Among some of our services, you can upload, set memories, content transmission or receipt.
Keep all existing industrial property rights to the content, in setting our services.
In short, what is theirs, also remains of.
If pressing at or above our services or cease or in our services or upload about our memories, transmission or receipt of services, clear (and those with whom we google cooperate) the right to this content to use to worldwide, store, to replicate, hosten changing derived thereof to produce works (including those consisting of translations, adjustments or other changes result which we so that their content better make our services work), to communicate, to publish publicly listed, publicly and display to distribute.
We have under that particular licence rights granted shall be used only for the implementation, promotion and improvement of our services and to develop new services.
This Rechtseinräumung remains even if they do not use our services, for example a in google maps Brancheneintrag inserted.
Some services, you can they spend content access and from the corresponding service removed.
In some of our services, our use of their content provided by the terms of use or settings restricted.
Make sure that they have the necessary rights to us an appropriate licence for all content on information which it in our services upload.
Our automated systems analyse their content (including) to them for them e-mails as relevant, personalised advertising and personalized search results Produktfunktionen and provide. Spam- Malwareerkennung
This analysis is to send receive and store the content.
Google-konto if you have a, we show our officials have and show their and other commercial, you may contexts and the actions in profile names profile picture on google or in with their associated export. Google-konto Drittanbieteranwendungen
This applies to the movement of + for which they write 1-schaltflächen testimonials, and the comments that you post.
We respect the settings that you in your to limit the divide or the Google-konto visibility of content accordingly.
You can, for example, choose to your name and your not show appear. inspire profile picture ⁡ ⁠ ‮ ⁣ ‍ ⁢
Further information on how google content can be found in our stores and used and the conditions for certain additional privacy statements services.
Feedback if we were to send our services or recommendations for improvement we have the authority, this feedback and these reforms without commitment to to use.
On software in our services
If downloadable software or the use of a service, this software automatically requires includes can on your computer will be updated when a new version or function is available.
Some services allows you to adjust the settings for automatic update.
Google allow them the personal, worldwide, free, non-transferable and not exclusive right to use the services provided by google under the software.
This Nutzungsrechteeinräumung is purely to them to use the services provided by google in accordance with the conditions of use to allow listed here.
You do not have any part of our services, or of its software to change, to spread rapidly progress to sell or for rent.
In addition they shall neither this software () or try to reverse engineering zurückentwickeln its source code to extract.
Exceptions only where those permitted or if you are on a written consent by google have.
Open-source software plays an important role for us.
A part of the software in our services used is a free software license, the terms we had, as appropriate, to provide.
The may contain provisions which specifically some open source license rules of such procedure. conditions
Amendment and termination of services
We change our services and optimise continuously.
We functions or features, for example, add or remove a service and suspend or definitively.
You can use of our services at any time, even if we regret this would end.
Google is the provision of services to you at any time by additional and new restrictions limit suspend or.
Your data them, and we believe it is important is that they have access to such data.
We should set a service, we shall, in advance, where reasonably possible adequately inform and give them the opportunity to export their data for this service.
Ensure and disclaimer
We make our services in an economically acceptable way available and we hope that they enjoy the use.
Some, however, is not part of our services being offered.
Unless these conditions or in the additional conditions is not explicitly make google nor the supplier or specific assurances in terms of google distribution partners the services.
We make, for example, no commitments of content in the services, in respect of specific functionalities of the services or their reliability, availability or suitability of services for their own purposes.
We ask the services in their current form ready.
Under some laws apply certain guarantees as the implicit guarantee the performance, suitable for a specific purpose and Rechtsmängelfreiheit.
Where lawful be made is that, we are all means of.
Liability for our services
In legally permitted under google and the providers and take no responsibility for lost profits of google distribution partners, revenues, the loss of information, financial losses or indirect, special and exemplary and punitive damages. damage and damage with sequelae
Where legally permitted is limited liability of google and the suppliers and agent by google with regard to all claims under these conditions, including any implicit guarantees on the amount it to use the services we have paid (or on the reissue of services, if we choose this option).
Google and the providers and distribution partners may under no circumstances of google liable for losses or damages not typically are predictable.
We recognise that in some countries at our disposal. the statutory consumer rights
Provided that the services for private purposes, use or the additional conditions no limit these conditions, which is not contractually exclude legal consumer rights.
Use our services in enterprises
Should our services on behalf of a company using this company accepts the terms of use.
Google it holds and the related companies and staff representatives with google, and staff and make it value of legal proceedings or rights in connection with the free use of the services or the violation of this conditions, including all claims and costs arise due to complaints, losses, damage and sentences and judicial and Anwaltskosten trial.
On these conditions of use
Google conditions this can or any additional conditions for a particular service, for example, changes to the legal framework to adapt or changes to our services to take into account.
This should be therefore periodically, conditions
We will show any changes in this on this side published. conditions
Evidence changes to additional conditions we will within the service concerned published.
Amendments shall not apply retroactively and will be at least 14 days after its publication effective.
Changes regarding a new role for a service or changes for legal reasons, however, are applied immediately.
Revised conditions when they have, they must not agree to a service using this service.
In the event of contradiction between these conditions and additional conditions, the additional conditions on a case-by-case basis shall prevail.
These conditions govern the relationship between you and google.
Are any rights or rights to third parties justified.
, Do not keep to the conditions of use and we do not immediately take action against it, it does not mean that we on our rights, such as the right in future to act.
Should one of the provisions be ineffective, bleiben die übrigen bestimmungen intact.
The laws in some countries to some types of disputes not the law of the u.s. state of california use.
If you're in one of those countries resident, where the law is excluded, the laws, use of their land to such disputes with regard to the terms of use.
Otherwise recognize that any dispute arising from or in connection with these conditions or arise that the laws of the u.s. state of california services, except for the provisions of the subject to international law.
Also is the local jurisdiction if its law it not lawful for them the competence or the jurisdiction of the courts in santa clara, california, united states, for a conflict in connection with these conditions of use.
Otherwise all claims arising from or in connection with these conditions or services shown exclusively before the courts of the or Bundesgerichten santa clara, california, usa, negotiated and they undergo the competence and google these courts agreed.
Information outreach with google may be found on our contact page.
