Conditions
Facebook ireland limited is named in meta platforms ireland limited changed.
Our conditions of use, and updated, so they Datenrichtlinie Cookie-richtlinie from 4 january 2022 the new name taken into account.
Also under the new name, we are offering the same products, including from instagram to meta.
Our Datenrichtlinie and our will continue to apply, and the name conditions has no impact on how we use data or information.
Learn more about and our vision for the meta Metaversum.
Conditions
Welcome to instagram.
This conditions (the ") rules your use of conditions instagram, unless we provide explicitly that separate (not) and apply these conditions.
Also provide information on the service ') (the " willing Instagram-dienst, as explained below.
Instagram-konto erstellst or if you use this to you but instagram conditions.
The Meta-nutzungsbedingungen shall not apply for this service.
Click here to a maintained. Vertragszusammenfassung
Here you will find further information, whose provision we for electronic communications in accordance with european code are required.
If you should be in the european union established companies are and uses to goods to instagram shopping consumers in the eu to sell, you can in your business relationship with us know more about Platform-to-business-hinweis.
This statement is complementary to our conditions of use.
The Instagram-dienst is one of the you from meta platforms. ireland limited provided Meta-produkte
Therefore, an agreement between you and these conditions ireland limited. meta platforms
United kingdom
Meta platforms ireland limited, 4 grand canal square, dublin 2, ireland
Meta platforms ireland limited is a under the law of the republic of ireland registered enterprises.
Commercial registry number: 462932
So do you get us by e-mail:
Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz Netzdg (" ")
Further information on the content of the report and the Netzdg after your view, you find on unlawful under Netzdg our Netzdg-hilfebereich-seite.
Staff law enforcement authorities may after the request for information about the law enforcement authorities to submit. Netzdg Online-anfragesystem
The Zustellungsbevollmächtigte for administrative procedures and civil proceedings provided in article 5 (1): freshfields bruckhaus deringer Netzdg lawyers accountant (berlin), potsdamer platz Partg mbb 1, berlin. 10785
Urheberrechts-diensteanbieter-gesetz Urhdag (" ")
The Zustellungsbevollmächtigte under section 20 for service in legal proceedings: Urhdag bruckhaus deringer freshfields (düsseldorf), lawyers, accountants Partg mbb, düsseldorf. 1 Feldmühleplatz 40545
Note for the Landesmedienanstalten
Administrative Mstv for after the service platforms meta ireland ltd.
May be indicated: facebook germany gmbh, c / o freshfields bruckhaus deringer lawyers accountant, high 7, 20354 bleaching Partg mbb hamburg.
Ranking of content
We information about the ranking of the content provided.
The Instagram-dienst
We are committed to you the available. Instagram-dienst
Instagram-produkte missile, the service covers all functions, social services, social social apps that we provide and missile technologies software to the mission of you: the people and things forward instagram closer to the one you love.
The service consists of the following aspects:
Offer opportunities to create content, connect personalised, communicate, discover and parts.
People are different.
We strengthen your relations through common experiences you really are important.
Therefore develop systems that we should determine who and what you and others is important.
We shall use this information, then for you to help to create, to find and content parts and to you to get involved you experiences are important.
Including that we on the basis of you and others and, outside of activities, functions, instagram such content offers and accounts that interest you could highlight and opportunities to use of instagram. you offer
Enhancing positive, inclusive and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and provide the members of our community resources, and the help that their experiences and positive, including, inter alia, then, when we think they might need support.
Also we have teams and systems for control of abuses and violations of the conditions of use and directives and of harmful and fraudulent behaviour.
Using the available information, including your information-to the security of our platform.
We must also information on misuse or harmful content with other or with law enforcement agencies share. Meta-unternehmen
Learn more about this in the. Datenrichtlinie
Development and use of technologies that help us to our growing community consistently to serve.
Organizing and analyzing information for our growing community is a key aspect of our service.
A part of our service is the create and use technologies that help us, our principled service in extremely large-scale for a very large global community, to protect and improve to personalize.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning allow us to use complex processes at our service.
Automated techniques are also, in the operation and support to ensure integrity of our service.
Universal seamless provision and on other products of experiences Meta-unternehmen.
Instagram belongs to the Meta-unternehmen.
Share this technologies, systems, insights and-including the information that information with each other, we have more in the about you () to better, more secure and Datenrichtlinie geschütztere. to provide services
Also offer opportunities for interaction on all of you. you used Meta-produkten
We have also systems designed to a seamless and experience of all, to achieve durchgängiges Meta-produkte.
Ensuring access to our service.
Our global service so that we can, we must operate data around the world in our systems, including save and provide countries outside the country in which you live.
The use of this global infrastructure is for the provision of service necessary and indispensable.
This infrastructure is owned by meta, inc., meta platforms or their associated companies be platforms ireland limited or of them are operated.
We connect you with trade marks, products and services to relevant because of you.
We use of data and other products and the Meta-unternehmen instagram for you, advertisements, and offers Drittpartnern other content to show that we sponsored believe it important for you.
Also, we are trying to make such content as relevant as all your other experiences on instagram.
Research and innovation.
Us using the information available to our service to develop, to test and to improve and to others to research to work together to our service even better and to the well-being of our community.
Including that we analyse data that we have on our users and an understanding of how people use our services, for example by we surveys and new functions to test and investigate. error
Is our service financed
Instead for the use of instagram to pay you recognize by use of the service, to which this, that we usage conditions applicable may show you advertisements whose applications within and outside the products we are paid by enterprises and organisations Meta-unternehmen.
We use your personal data, such as information about your activities and interests, for you to show the relevant for you advertisements.
We show you relevant ads and helpful, without know advertisers who you are.
We sell your personal data.
Advertisers we give the possibility to us, for example, what you is and what sort of business objective is. see their target ads
We show the people then advertisement could be interested in.
Advertisers moreover, we are reports on the performance of their advertisements available, so that they gain insight, as persons with their content in and outside of instagram interact.
Advertisers general information on, for example, we are prepared to demography and interests to help them better understand their target.
We share no information from which you can be directly identified (information such as your name or your e-mail address, taken in isolation, can be used to contact you directly or), unless you identify us, the explicit consent to. erteilst
Here tell you more about the functioning of Instagram-werbeanzeigen.
May see branded by content on instagram account holders has been posted products or services, due to a business relationship with the in their content mentioned apply counterparties.
Other information about here.
The Datenrichtlinie
For the provision of service, it is necessary that we collect and use your information.
Datenrichtlinie in explains how we information on all, collect and share. use Meta-produkte
There is also the many possibilities, as you can control your described, including the information and missile. Instagram-privatsphäre- security settings
Your obligations
In exchange for our commitment to provide the service, we are asking you to us to the following commitments horses.
Instagram who can use.
We want our service as open and inclusive as possible, but harmless and safe and compatible.
Therefore, it is necessary for you to meet some restrictions as part of the less marry his. Instagram-community
You must at least 13 years of age.
You under the applicable law should not be prevented any aspect of our reception service.
Must also exist for you no ban to you, if you on services to involve zahlungsbezogenen a valid list of rejected parties appear.
We must not previously your account for non-compliance with our directives have unchecked.
Convicted sex offenders. do not
Instagram therefore do not use.
We must all play our part in making this safe and open service for a broad community can provide.
As somebody else don't spend or inaccurate or false information available.
You must do your identity does not reveal, however, we on instagram accurate and up-to-date information providers (including). registration
This is possibly to have personal data bereitstellst.
Also can't you as someone or something, or that you're not spending, and you can not account for somebody else, if you don't create its express consent.
You must not illegal, fraudulent or misleading or something for an illegal or unauthorised do.,
You can't against these conditions or rejected our directives, including in particular, and, and Entwickler-richtlinien Meta-plattform-nutzungsbedingungen Instagram-gemeinschaftsrichtlinien (or other Musik-richtlinien for infringement support or to encourage them).
Postest branded content, you have to if you comply with our allowing you to branded Content-richtlinien are branded content to use our tool.
Hilfebereich as you learn in our behaviour or content tip.
You can't do that the intended operation of the service disturbs or affected.
To include the reports or any abuse mechanisms for disputes, such as the objections knowingly false or unfounded reports or submit objections.
Don't try to unauthorised way to produce or to information access or accounts this fee.
This include building accounts or the information to conduct automated searches collect without our explicit consent.
You mustn't accounts and none of us or serve us data received sell or buy and receive.
This include attempts to any part of your account (including your) to buy, sell or user name to transfer and insignia of other users to ask credentials to collect or to use or to inquire, or passwords or Instagram-benutzernamen storage or access control shall be used. cover illegally
You can't leave without private or confidential information to any other person items or do something that the rights of another person injured, including intellectual property rights (e.g., for, counterfeit or pirated goods). Markenverletzung
Any works do another person in accordance with the exceptions or limitations of copyright and related rights under the applicable law shall be used.
You get to know you all necessary rights concerning the content, the square, or obtained or you has got postest.
Further information, inter alia, as you, of which you think tip content that they hurt, you find your intellectual property rights here.
Our products and their constituents do not alter or not translate and they do not create waste derived works. zurückentwickeln
Our do without prior written consent no and no url in your domain names used. username
Ratings erteilst you this us.
Erteilst you have as part of our agreement for the provision of the ratings service need.
We do not claim ownership of your content, but treat us a licence to use them.
It won't be in relation to your right to your content.
We do not claim ownership of your content which you in the or through the service. postest
You can give your content is arbitrarily sharing wherever you like.
For provision of the service, we need certain regulatory permissions (called a " licence ") from you.
Content if you by intellectual property rights are protected (such as), or photographs or videos, in conjunction with our service square, or facebook page, you'll clean this postest a non-exclusive, transferable licence, your content and global unterlizenzierbare (referred to in your), and Privatsphäre- App-einstellungen use to spread, hosten to modify, export, copying or to demonstrate publicly to translate and derived thereof to produce works, so that we can make available. Instagram-dienst
This licence ends when your content from our systems be deleted.
Content singly or you can all at the same time (by deletion of your account) delete.
For more information to find out how we use information, and how your content control or delete can, please read the and the. Instagram-hilfebereich Datenrichtlinie visits
Use your user name and information about your, your Profilbildes relations with and actions with accounts, and advertisements sponsored content.
Your username, your and information on activities (such as your profile picture " like " totals) or (such as subscriptions) in addition to or relations can, in conjunction with advertisements, accounts, and other content, which sponsored offered you follow or those with whom you to be displayed interagierst Meta-produkten without any remuneration for you to be used.
For example, we can show that a contribution with " like " is sponsored by a brand did was produced the pay us, their advertisements on instagram show.
As with other action on content and in subscribers other accounts may action on content and subscribers prize only by the people, accounts prize, which is a rating, the corresponding content or subscribers to see.
Also take into account settings for you ads.
Here tell you more about your settings for ads.
You'll think so that we are on your device updates for duty download and install there may.
Additional rights that we reserved
A username if you, or a similar identifier for your account, we can chose / n if we change the as appropriate or necessary consider (for example, if the user name or identification intellectual property from someone injured or as a / s / n / other users in spending).
Content if you do, by us of intellectual property rights are protected and that we in or on our service available (for example, we provided pictures, designs, videos or notes which you are you content), drawn up or divided we keep all rights as regards hinzufügst our content (but not in terms of your content).
Our intellectual property and do our brands or similar signs except use if specifically through our is allowed or with our prior written Markenrichtlinien consent is.
Our written consent or you must under a free software license to obtain entitlement of us to change source code to produce to waste derived works or by any other way to try to dekompilieren him to extract.
From content and deactivation or blocking of your account
Content or information which we can all you in the service, if we remove the view shared that it against those conditions or our directives (including our), or when we are Instagram-gemeinschaftsrichtlinien right hands are committed.
We can to protect our community or services without delay all or part of the service provision for you refuse or set (including the closure or deactivation access to the products and of your Meta-produkte). Meta-unternehmen
Is if you for us a threat or a legal risk, against these conditions or our directives darstellst (including our) is, if you repeat the Instagram-gemeinschaftsrichtlinien intellectual property rights other injured or if we are obliged by law to.
Service we can also end or change on our shared service content or information or the provision of the service or remove block wholly or partly set when we see that this reasonably required to negative legal or regulatory effects on us to prevent or reduce.
We contents are removed you in some cases and inform you any possibilities explain a further review to request, unless you have significant or repeated infringements of this conditions or for us on our part may breach notification or other to lead our community legal liability of users, the integrity or the operation of any damage our services, systems or products or disrupt or we will affect due to technical constraints prevented from or we are for legal reasons, be prohibited.
Considers if you are, that your account or you your account has been mistakenly terminated or permanently, do you want to disable help. in our help panel
If you or the cancellation of a account, the content of your beantragst automatically deleting within 30 days of your application start.
Deleting content may after the start of deletion up to 90 days.
Deletion during the is the appropriate content for other users no longer visible, but subject to these conditions and to our Datenrichtlinie.
After content has been deleted, we need sometimes to further 90 days to him from backup and to remove Notfallwiederherstellungssystemen.
Our right to termination for just and proper grounds remains unaffected.
One important reason is, in particular, if one party against for these obligations, laws, rights of third parties resulting conditions or goes, and the party kündigenden data protection directives, taking into account all the circumstances of the case and after weighing the interests of both parties the continuation of the contract before the agreed or until the expiry of a period of notice not call date can cope.
A termination for just and proper grounds is only within a reasonable timeframe after the breach of possible. Kenntniserlangung
Important reason is a breach of a duty, the conditions of use this only after the unsuccessful has granted termination or unsuccessful warning allowed Abhilfefrist
A period for closure is not required, however, if the other side the fulfilment of their obligations seriously and finally denied or if after weighing the interests of both parties to special circumstances justify immediate termination.
Considers if you are, that your account has been terminated, or your erroneously or permanently to disable account, you will find in our help. help panel
In the following cases are not content within 90 days after the start of the or deleted: Konto- Inhaltelöschvorgangs
If your content in accordance with this licence already covered by other was used and you don't have deleted (in this case this licence shall apply for as long until the content is deleted); or
If cancellation within 90 days due to technical limitations of our systems is not possible (in this case, we will end as soon as this cancellation is technically feasible); or
Deletion if the us the following measures would limit:
Investigation detection or illegal activities or infringements of our conditions and guidelines (e.g. for the detection or investigation of abuse of our products or systems);
Ensuring the protection and security of our products, systems and users;
Satisfy a legal requirement, such as retention of prove; or
Meet a request from a judicial or administrative, law enforcement or other authority;
In such a case, the content is stored as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was originally stored (the exact duration depends on each individual case ab).
Your account if you or we disable this end löschst agreement between you and us as conditions of use, but this section, the following section, " and what is our agreement in case of disagreement ' means even after a denunciation, deactivation or cancellation account of your on.
Our agreement and disagreement which is
Our agreement.
Your use of music on the service, and for your Musik-richtlinien is also subject to our use of our api, our and Meta-plattform-nutzungsbedingungen Entwickler-richtlinien.
Certain other functions or associated services if you, you get the possibility of additional uses, which will also part of our vote in favour of conditions agreement.
Zahlungsfunktionen uses, for example, if you, you'll be asked to Community-zahlungsbedingungen approved.
Conditions contrary to this agreement, such are, then, the revised conditions of use as a priority.
If any aspect of this agreement is no chance, bleiben die übrigen bestimmungen wirksam.
Any change or any waiver regarding our agreement must be in writing and of us be signed.
A failure on our part, aspects of this agreement through, does not constitute. Rechtsverzicht
We shall all rights that you not explicitly to be granted.
Who rights under this agreement.
This agreement gives no third rights.
Your do you under this agreement without legal rights and obligations devolving our consent).
The rights and duties can be assigned to other.
This could for example, if our ownership change (as in a proposed merger, acquisition or the sale of assets), or even by operation of law.
Who is responsible if something happens.
Hereinafter extent we are only liable in accordance with the legal provisions: we shall have unlimited joint; for damage caused by the violation of life, body or health arise; in; in intent; and in accordance with the gross negligence. Produkthaftungsgesetz
Fully any of the above provisions are we for light only in the case of violation of negligence from this agreement arising " essential " duty. "
Essential " obligations in this respect, for compliance with the obligations which agreement necessary infringement of which would jeopardize the purpose of the agreement and on compliance with which you can trust.
In such cases, the liability to typical and predictable damage; in other cases, there is no limited liability for slight negligence.
Handling disputes.
If or in connection with your use of the service and consumers the right or dispute that we agree shows your current dispute you with us or use and have our rights or to you have we dispute by any court in the country can make / can clarify your usual residence for entitlement is responsible, and that the dispute or laws of that country without taking into account provisions apply. kollisionsrechtlicher
If between us the right or arises that in connection with the Streifall use the service in any other capacity stands, including access to the service or its use for a commercial or industrial purposes, would you agree that any such claim or dispute of a competent court in ireland to clarify and that irish law without taking into account provisions apply. kollisionsrechtlicher
Check eingesendetes material.
We always look forward to feedback or other proposals which we, however, without any restrictions or / s commitment to a compensation for you to use.
Furthermore, we are not obliged to these / s confidential.
Updating the conditions
Our service and our directives will have to change and possibly changes to these conditions of use, so that it our duty and carry out our directives correctly and reflect closely.
Changes we take only if the provisions is no longer applicable or incomplete, and even then only if the changes, taking into account your interests for you are reasonable.
Legally unless otherwise required, we will you, on the amendments and the choices available to you at least 30 days before we update the terms of use (e.g. on our contact service) and you enable it to examine them before they enter into force.
Service if you then continue to use, are you in the updated tied. conditions
Do this or any updated want, you can not agree with conditions of your account is deleted.
Line 4 january 2022
