Publication: 1 april 2021
Entry into force: 15 june 2021
Print
Print
Microsoft-servicevertrag
These provisions (" ") shall apply to the use of the provisions here, at the end of these provisions, products listed, websites and services of microsoft for (#) (" the Endanwender serviceslist ") services.
, With the possibility to subscribe, to use the services or empowered made them an offer. microsoft
By Microsoft-konto create the services use or a use of those services continue after it on amending the provisions have been informed, vote this provisions.
As microsoft for you, you should save copy no these provisions read, print and even a copy to take their documents, please.
When making a, a small and micro-enterprises, a non-profit organization please read section 15 on the waiving of rights which otherwise after the european code of electronic communications for they would apply.
Protection of their data
1. protection of their data.
The protection of their privacy is important to us.
Read microsoft data protection rules (https: / / / /? Linkid = go.microsoft.com fwlink) (" the data protection rules ") 521839-in these provisions is described what kinds of data about you and your equipment (" data ") we raise, as we use and their data on what legal basis we their data processing.
Describe microsoft, as the data protection rules, which means that their content used communication with other persons; the contributions which they on the services to microsoft, and the files, photos, send documents, works, and digital audio videos that they have the streaming over services, save, transferred or parts (upload their content "). "
[Introduction]
Their content
2 their content.
In many of our services to save or dispatch or of other materials content received.
We claim no ownership of their content of their content, and they have their content remain responsible for these.
A. if your content with other people share, vote that these persons are entitled to express, for the purpose for which the content of her on the services made available, free of charge and throughout the world to use to store, record to, to send to replicate, to share, and show it.
Others if you want to give this option does not give its content does not have the services free.
They provide for the application of those provisions and to ensure that they all necessary rights to their content (will have), and have the at or above the services, stored or are shared with other uploaded, and that the collection, use and storage of its content using the services of laws or the rights of others.
We recommend them urgently, to establish their content regularly backup.
Microsoft can not for their content or materials be held responsible, the other by using our services, saving or upload parts.
B. where necessary, for them and other services to provide (e.g. by the changing of size, shape or format for its content to better storage or), on the display and the services to protect and to the products and services by microsoft to improve give microsoft a worldwide and intellectual property to use their licence for free content, for example, for copies of their content to create or their content store to transfer new format, with the help of distribution and on the services show Kommunikationswerkzeugen.
If their content in areas of a service, in which they publish public or without restrictions made available online may be their content in demos for applications of the service or materials appear.
Some of the services by advertising support.
Personalization advertising by microsoft to information found on the page https: / / choice.live.com.
We use this not of them in e-mails, chats, or word and not their documents Videoanrufen Mailboxnachrichten, pictures or other files for targeted advertising for you. personal
Our Werberichtlinien are treated in detail in the data protection laws.
[Introduction] top
Codes of conduct
3. rules of conduct.
A. content, materials or acts that violate these provisions, shall not be permitted.
By submitting to those rules go a commitment, with these rules to keep:
I do not take illegal acts.
.
They refrain from any action which children on, children or harm threatens. is
.
Send no spam and do not phishing.
Spam is undesirable and, contributions, Kontaktanfragen unverlangte Massen-e-mails), or similar text messages (sms texting electronic communications.
Phishing is the mail or other electronic messages to recipients in fraudulent or intention to unlawful disclosure of confidential data, such as personal or social security numbers, dates of birth, Ausweisnummern, Kennwörtern, or other confidential information to Kreditkartendaten financial information to move or access to accounts or records, documents and other confidential information and payment transactions to obtain and / or financially proposes.
.
If you do not, or other material (the inadequate content, for example, pornography, offensive language, Nacktdarstellungen brutality, images or criminal activities on the content has) to publish or on the services to share.
V. cut out acts that fraudulent, are incorrect or misleading (e.g. under false pretences, as someone else to spend money demand, the services to manipulate to increase or rankings, assessments or Wiedergabezähler comments to influence).
.
Knowingly restrictions, if you do not access to or the availability of services.
.
They refrain from acts which you, the service or other damage (such as the transferred of viruses, harassing, the other items of terrorist offences or content, calls to violence or hate speech gewaltextremistischer against others).
.
Hurt no other (e.g. by not authorised rights of copyright or release pass or other copyright protected material, music or other distribution of resale or photos). Bing-karten
.
They refrain from acts that violate the privacy of others.
X help anyone with a breach of those rules.
B. enforcement.
We reserve the right to refuse their content, if they are for the service authorised limits for memory or file size).
Against obligations under point 3.a up if you or otherwise, we are against this essential rules to initiate action against them; this means that we the provision of services or the set of just and proper grounds or close Microsoft-konto free service a communication (such as e-mail, file sharing or) to the services or Sofortnachricht services can block.
We reserve the right to also their content or out of the service to remove at any time block where us becomes aware that the content may be against applicable law or these rules.
Microsoft reserves the right to verify their content, if the inquiry into alleged infringements of these provisions is required.
We monitor the services but not and do not attempt to do so.
C. type-approval for Xbox-dienste.
Click (https: / / / /? linkid = go.microsoft.com fwlink), in order to discuss the implementation 868531 of these rules of conduct in games, applications, services and content to inform microsoft for, for xbox game passport Xbox-onlinedienst games for windows live and xbox games studios provides.
A violation of the code of conduct of (defined in paragraph) may 13.a.i Xbox-dienste the temporary or permanent exclusion from participation in Xbox-diensten entail, including the,, and of limitation in consequence Inhaltslizenzen associated with the account Xbox-gold-mitgliedschaftszeit Microsoft-kontoguthaben entails.
[Introduction] top
Use of services and support
Use 4 of services and support.
A. Microsoft-konto.
For the use of many of the services is a necessary. Microsoft-konto
Microsoft-konto they can on their websites and, for products from microsoft and some services to Microsoft-partnern.
I create an account.
A Microsoft-konto you can create, turning online register.
Undertake, in their notification, inaccurate or misleading claims no false Microsoft-kontos.
In some cases, possibly a third, for instance your internet service provider you an assigned to Microsoft-konto
Was Microsoft-konto your by a third party, it has allocated to this third additional rights in relation to where necessary through your account, such as the opportunity to delete or access point. you Microsoft-konto
Deal with all the additional provisions that you, as the third to microsoft in relation to these additional provisions no responsibility.
Microsoft-konto if you on behalf of a legal person, such as their undertaking or employer, draw up, to secure that they are legally entitled, that legal person in the present provisions to tie.
Login you can for her to another user or a not Microsoft-konto other legal person).
To protect their account and their account details have treated confidentially. the password
They are for all activities related to their responsible. Microsoft-konto
.
Use of the account.
Microsoft-konto do you use so that it remains active.
This means that they are at least once every two years to declare, so that you and the related services remain activated Microsoft-konto where Microsoft-kontoaktivitätsrichtlinie under https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink 2086738 or in an offer for a range of services paid no longer period is required by law or otherwise.
If they are not declaring, within that period, we assume that it is, and will it for inactive Microsoft-konto close them.
Microsoft-kontos impact as the closure of a, please read paragraph they must at least once per year 4.a.iv.2. (separately) with their and their login. Outlook.com-posteingang Onedrive
Otherwise let her and you. Outlook.com-posteingang Onedrive
They must be in a period of five years at least once in the login, so that their Gamertag Xbox-diensten remains. assigned to Microsoft-konto
Justified if the suspicion that it is exposed to risk, on fraudulent Microsoft-konto way by a third party (for example due to a) to be used, is microsoft Kontokompromittierung entitled, until they are to suspend its account can claim ownership.
Depending on the type of we need access to any compromise of some or all of its contents lock.
Problems with the access to your call this website (Microsoft-konto https: / / / /? Linkid = go.microsoft.com) fwlink 238656.
.
Minors and accounts.
By drawing up a Microsoft-kontos or the use of services you accept these provisions and undertake to comply with.
Confirm to you that you in the country in which they live, either " ' or the consent of a parent legal guardians have in their place or to these regulations to tie.
If you don't know if you in the country, in which they live, have reached the age of, or this section do not understand, create a Microsoft-konto only after they one parent or ask for help. guardians
Parent guardians if they or (r) a person, you accept these provisions are minors as binding on himself and the minors and are responsible for the supervision of minors in the use of the person or services, including purchases, Microsoft-kontos responsible.
This applies irrespective of whether the account of the person already was opened or minor at a later date is drawn up.
.
Close your account.
1 Kündigungsrechten according to " in addition to " (point below) have Rückerstattungsrichtlinien 9.g the right at any time certain services for no particular reason to terminate or to close. you Microsoft-konto
Call Microsoft-kontos to close their https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink. 618278
If we were to close its request that you can select it Microsoft-kontos once for 30 or 60 days to suspend, where they are still umentscheiden.
30- or after this time limit shall be closed. you 60 day Microsoft-konto
4.a.iv.2 explains in point below in the case of what is happening with the closure of their application during the renewed Microsoft-kontos suspension shall be you back to life. Microsoft-konto
Microsoft-konto closed (2 if you by them or us, this has the following effects: firstly, their right to use the Microsoft-kontos ends have access to the services with immediate effect.
Secondly, we shall with their linked data or content or delete this Microsoft-konto otherwise by you and your Microsoft-konto (unless we separate storage, which are legally return or submission to you or any designated third committed).
They will then might not more on the services which they (or their content in these services have recorded), for which a Microsoft-konto can access is required.
You should have your data so regularly.
Thirdly you may lose access to products which they have earned.
B. Schulkonten work or.
Microsoft-diensten in certain you can with a work or login. Schul-e-mail-adresse
If they do, do you agree that the holder of the domain on the presence of your email address assigned and its associated subscriptions be notified Microsoft-kontos can, as well as their taxes and manage your account data, including the content of its communications and files, access and may process and microsoft must notify the holder of the domain if the account or the data are at risk.
They have also noted that the use of contracts subject to the perhaps by Microsoft-dienste with them or their organisation, microsoft and the present provisions do not apply.
If you already have a and it has a separate labour have Microsoft-konto or to the services covered by these provisions of Schul-e-mail-adresse access, you may be invited to their assigned to continue to update Microsoft-konto e-mail to access services.
C. additional equipment / Datentarife.
In order to use many services is a and / or an internet connection. / Datentarif- mobile telephony contracts
You may need additional equipment as a headset, a camera or a microphone.
For compounds, tariffs, contracts and / or equipment for the use of services are necessary, including fees and costs which suppliers in charge, they are responsible.
These charges are in addition to those advocating the services fees charged.
We back them such charges.
Check to the providers, whether and to what extent they fees are calculated.
D. Dienstbenachrichtigungen.
Important communications in the case to a service they use, we send them and information, to which we claim Dienstbenachrichtigungen required by law.
If you are in contact with your e-mail or telephone have given their Microsoft-konto we are entitled to them by e-mail or sms) (Dienstbenachrichtigungen to send, including in the text message review their identity before registration and to confirm their purchases. their mobile phone number
Dienstbenachrichtigungen them we can also, by other means (e.g. in the form of reports in the product) employed.
Notifications reception via sms fall under certain circumstances, data or. Nachrichtengebühren
We recommend that you their e-mail address specified and maintain watch.
If you do not agree, notifications electronically to obtain, you need to use of those services.
E. support.
For some services is a at https: / / support.microsoft.com Kundensupport available.
Certain services are possibly its own or additional under the Kundensupport ready https: / / www.microsoft.com / support-service-agreement, unless otherwise specified provisions described is subject to.
The support may not be for or of features or services available Vorschau- Betaversionen.
If they are located in europe, they also have the possibility of a contentious issue on the eu portal for to clarify to bring (Online-streitbelegung https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr).
Address MSODR use the name only to please @ indication on the complaint form, or any other purpose.
F. termination of his service.
If her services (either of them or from us) being cancelled, firstly you on the right of access services ends with immediate effect, and its licence to use the services associated with the software.
Secondly, we shall with their service linked data or content or otherwise delete from you and your Microsoft-konto (unless we separate storage, which are legally return or submission to you or any designated third committed).
They will then might not more on the services which they (or their content in these services have recorded) can access.
You should have your data so regularly.
Thirdly you may lose access to products which they have earned.
Microsoft-konto terminated if you and none other account, on which they have access to the services, its services may be put out immediately.
[Introduction] top
Drittanbieter-apps and use of services
Use 5 applications and services of third parties.
Services may allow them to products, services, websites, left, content, material, games, functions, or applications of independent parties (bots Integrationen other firms or persons than) (" microsoft and services ") or such access Drittanbieter-apps at all.
Services helping them, too, many of our services and third, to find applications requirements for to carry them out or with them to interact, or enable you to share their content or data.
They understand that her through the use of our services tell them apps and services available to third parties.
The Drittanbieter-apps and services allow them sometimes, their content or data in the editor, and services provider or operator of the store. Drittanbieter-apps
The apps and services show them or third may require your data protection provisions additional provisions before they agree to the service of the third party concerned or the app install or can use.
13.b paragraph contains additional provisions for applications on certain stores acquired their holders or operator or its affiliated undertakings shall microsoft (such as office store, microsoft store on xbox and microsoft windows store on).
You those provisions should read before you and data protection, third and services, or use third acquire apps or you with these link. request Microsoft-konto
The provisions of any additional provisions third remain unaffected.
Microsoft licensed in relation to services and intellectual property to you no Drittanbieter-apps.
They accept that they all the risk and responsibility from the use of services and take them and microsoft and Drittanbieter-apps to others not for information or services or by responsible is liable and services will be made. Drittanbieter-apps
[Introduction] top
Serviceverfügbarkeit
Dienstverfügbarkeit 6.
A. apps and services, the services or through the third services or products may be offered materials from time to time are not available, may be only for a limited period may vary depending on the region or offered or equipment or to external factors, such as the internet or network connection.
Microsoft-konto associated with her if you, you may have to change location products again for you in the previous purchase region were available and of them were paid.
As we are trying to the services running.
But they are not with a guaranteed service offered and all suffering under incidents and failures. online services,
In case of a breakdown or an interruption of the service, they may be temporarily not in a position to their content retrieve it.
It is recommended that the content and to ensure that they regularly data in the services or during the use of Drittanbieter-apps and services save.
[Introduction] top
Updates for the services, the software and changes to these provisions
7 updates for the services, the software and changes to these provisions.
A. we tell them if we intend to these provisions should be amended.
We shall have the right to amend these provisions (i) if applicable law is necessary because of, for example, this right has changed, (ii) if applicable law that requires, (iii) or anrät as part of the evolution of the services, (iv) for technical reasons, (v) light of operational requirements or (vi) taking an amendment of the provisions for the benefit of the users.
We talk about the proposed modification before it takes effect on the user interface in a mail or on any other appropriate channels.
We offer you at least 30 days before the change the possibility to terminate the services.
If they are services after the amendments, vote the use of Wirksamkeitsdatum new provisions.
If you the new rules, they must not agree to use the services and set you in conformity with paragraph close. Microsoft-konto 4.a.iv
In the communication on the proposed modification of these provisions, we then again there.
B. we are automatic review of its it is necessary to provide software version entitled-of services, in order for these free or can be downloaded and Softwareupdates Konfigurationsänderungen for the update, the development and the development of services.
Sometimes are obliged to software update to services continue to exploit.
For such updates shall apply, unless the present provisions are additional or different provisions in. updates
In this case, the revised rules.
Do not use if you receive updates or additional or other conditions not agree that for the updates.
Microsoft shall not be obliged to provide updates, and ensure that the version of the system, for which the software, apps, or other products bought or licensed content, will support.
C. we are continually working to improve the services, and keep us in the right at any time, the services to change features delete or access to services and to cease. Drittanbieter-apps
Particularly if our contracts with third parties we are no longer allow the material available, if this for us is no longer reasonable when technology developed or if states that an amendment is necessary Kundenfeedback.
We inform in advance, if an amendment to the services, will mean that they do not have access to their content more.
In paid service we also notify in advance of other major changes to the services.
Except to the extent that the applicable law provides for us is no obligation before acquired materials were defined in paragraph (digital) or applications for new download provide 13.k or replacement.
We terminate them we shall pay pro rata paid service the amount of their they back payments in respect of the at the time of termination not yet share of the service concerned have done. abgegoltenen
D. material so that they can use the by digital rights management (drm) are protected, such as certain pieces of music, games, films, books, etc., can automatically connect to a Onlinerechteserver Drm-software produce and download and install. Drm-updates
[Introduction] top
Software license
8 software license.
Separate Microsoft-lizenzvertrag is (as if no e.g. is the case, if you have use of use in microsoft windows contain and a part of windows and microsoft for the to Softwarelizenzbestimmungen draws), is the Windows-betriebssystem software, which we will as part of the services provide the present provisions.
For applications concerning certain acquired their holders or operator stores or their related companies are microsoft (such as office store, microsoft windows and microsoft store on store on) is the paragraph below. xbox 13.b.i
A. if they comply with these provisions, to keep them in the right, in their use of the services a copy of the software pro device for use by one person in the world to install and use.
On certain equipment can such software for their personal, not commercial use of the services. an
Software or website, which is part of the services may contain. Drittanbietercode
Any codes of third by the software or website or, are linked be referenced third, the owners of the codes are, to you, not licensed microsoft.
Drittanbietercode method, if present, are only for your information.
As software is licensed, not sold, and microsoft reserves all rights to the software to microsoft in these provisions do not specifically to be granted.
Following rights by this licence is not given, and appropriate actions are illegal.
I. deal or undermine technological or in connection with the safeguard measures in the software or services
.
Disassemble Dekompilieren,,,,, recovered or emulate decrypt picks (reverse engineering of software or) Zurückentwickeln other aspects of the services in the service included or is available as, unless that and only as far as the applicable specifically allow copyright laws
.
From components of the software or services to other equipment from each other to use
.
Publish copying, rent, export, import, sale, lease or give the software or services drive, if you this not explicitly allows microsoft
V. transferred software, or security services or rights of use software licenses
.
Using services on an unauthorised way, by another person in the use of the services or in the access to services, data, or we could accounts networks
.
Allow access to the services or a change of microsoft authorised (e.g. equipment, etc.) by unauthorised persons and surface Xbox-konsolen Drittanbieteranwendungen
[Introduction] top
Zahlungsbestimmungen
Zahlungsbestimmungen 9.
Zahlungsbestimmungen buying a service, and they find this application agree with these. Zahlungsbestimmungen
A. charges.
If for some of the services a fee is calculated, vote for payment of the fee.
For services includes all price indicated applicable taxes, unless otherwise specified.
They solely responsible for the payment of these taxes or other charges.
Taxes are based on the location at the time of their registration, unless otherwise indicated is calculated Microsoft-kontos.
When we told you that we payment is not received on time or not fully we can close or terminate it services the full amount not within the time limit shall be due.
By a blocking or termination of service because payments can you access to your account and its content to lose.
If you are with the internet on a or any other private network link Unternehmensnetzwerk their location, others can arise when the charges, fees to their actual location are displayed.
Depending on their location can some transactions a require or in another country processed Fremdwährungsumrechnung.
May calculated their bank for those services additional charges, if you experience or credit card use. Guthaben-
Please ask in your bank.
Abrechnungskonto as you.
To pay the fees for a service they will make a payment once they indicated for service to customers.
Except skype you can for all services and billing information on the website to manage their payment Microsoft-kontos (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink) and change, and to recognise 618281 software and products come in please on your Konto-portal skype at https: / / / /. myaccount skype.com)
They agree that microsoft from their bank or that issuing any Bezahlsystem made available to the may use Kontoinformationen updated.
Undertake your account and other information, including information on the e-mail address, and to update, so that we, timely payment transactions and, where necessary, their run to their transactions can contact.
If you ask us not to further use and their form of payment to look at our request, in a reasonable period no other, we are entitled to their call payment paid service to block or to terminate from just and proper grounds.
Abrechnungskontos amending its shall not affect existing strains of by us, before we Abrechnungskontos reasonably to this change could respond.
C. account.
By microsoft to offer, (i) a form of payment to secure that they are authorised by you offered to use, and that all payment and payment information provided by them, (ii) the true empower them the fees for the microsoft them available on their content or services referred to in taking account of, and (u (iii) they authorise them the fees for all microsoft paid at taking account of the features services for which they have registered or use them as long as these provisions.
We are entitled to them, as described in advance (a), (subscription services (b) at the time of acquisition, (c) shortly after the acquisition or (d) on a recurring basis at taking account.
We have them up to the amount, which they have authorised to burden we'll let you in advance of changes of the amount of the charge is extended automatically subscription services at a price change, we will have an opportunity, to terminate the services before the price changes.
We have them at the same time amounts for several former charged to that still Rechnungszeiträume not processed.
D. periodic payments.
Abonnementbasis services on if they are (e.g. monthly, or every three months per year), acquire, they shall undertake to pay regular payments to microsoft on their chosen in the respective intervals until the payment subscription for the service of them or microsoft is terminated.
They must have their services before the next settlement to denounce them no further fees for the continued use of services are invoiced.
We make them guidance ready, as you may terminate the services.
Approve authorized by periodic payments, you to save and tender they microsoft these flows in electronic transfers or electronic transaction or withdrawal of their account (in the handling of the automated clearing houses or metallic) or as their burdens in a credit card or payment account indicated (like) (as " together to electronic payments ').
Abonnementgebühren are generally in advance for each invoiced or polluted. Abonnementzeitraum
Is payment or is a credit card or unpaid zurückgebucht rejected or refused, reserve similar transaction microsoft or the right from their service provider charges for, or lack of cover and collect Rückbuchungen rebuffs, such payments as electronic payment over time.
E. Onlinekontoauszug and errors.
Except skype for all services, on the website for the microsoft them (Microsoft-kontoverwaltung https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink) for their 618284 Onlinekontoauszug available, they show and Abrechnungskonto print.
Onlineauszüge skype, turning of you get with your account www.skype.com (https: / / www.skype.com) apply.
This is the only that they receive from us. Rechnungsbeleg
Umsatzsteuerausweis account with the availability of a depends on the respective service and country.
Their account if there is an error checking it when we (or notification) and correct him immediately. its own determination
We recommend that you give us a manifest error in its settlement within 120 days show that we can make corrections within this period easier.
You can in this context, as described in point to the at any time. 4.e service
F. Erstattungsrichtlinien.
You can-with or without reason-within a period of withdrawal (" ") (14) withdrawal period 14 days from the purchase date revoked.
If the service at the time of termination was made available, you will be proportional in refund.
Ends as soon as you service the withdrawal period was provided, then you can fully the purchase not be refunded.
Us if they purchase digital content will forfeit her as soon as the Downloadvorgang. start right of withdrawal
If by law or by a specific services, are all otherwise purchases final and ineligible.
Entitlement to a refund if you have, you'll find in respect of all services, with the exception of information and instructions to terminate a skype service and to apply for a refund on our on the website for the Microsoft-kontoverwaltung Widerrufsformular (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = 618284 fwlink).
Skype apply in the case of the here (https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = fwlink) information provided for completing the 618286 Widerrufsformulars.
If you think that microsoft has charged a mistakenly, you will have to ask, and we will take account of microsoft review.
Refund if we make a grant credit or not, committed to the same or a similar refund in the future on last.
Erstattungsrichtlinien affect any rights under applicable this right.
Additional information on the refund is available from (Hilfethema https: / / go.microsoft.com / / p /? linkid = 618283 fwlink).
G. terminate the services.
Services you can on the side for the management of services and their subscriptions (https: / / account.microsoft.com Microsoft-kontos or go, terminate /) as described above in paragraph to the service. 4.e
Terminate paid by the services are charges for the further give you any further use of, services invoiced.
Check thoroughly before the offer, in which the services described as (i) you may at the time of termination no refund (ii) you may receive are obliged to pay (iii) they Kündigungsgebühren. requires all fees to settle with whom you for the service before the Kündigungsdatum on Abrechnungskonto, and (iv) you may lose access to your account, if they are services quit.
Your data as described above in paragraph 4 processed.
Terminated their services at the end of the current or subject to a regular settlement of service (Dienstzeitraums) at the end of the period in which they finished have denounced.
When their bank or cancellation for the payment of a reversal, they are at the time of services make payment as, and original cancelled classified us immediately to cancel their authorise service and / or content to withdraw them in exchange for such a payment were made available.
H. Testzeitraumangebote.
Testzeitangebot participate when they have a, they must may within the period, which they denounce Testdienste in their acceptance of the offer has been notified to the calculation of further charges for the end of the test period services to be avoided.
I. promotional offers.
From time to time, microsoft in which a services for about them the services not calculated. microsoft
Microsoft reserves the right to these services (for them), they should against to calculate normal value is the provisions of the offer rejected.
J. price changes.
If her services a fixed term and a fixed price, this price shall apply to the relevant period.
Services if they continue to want to use, they must be a new supply and price support.
If periodically and not their services for a certain amount to be provided (for example, and it is not a monthly), the price of the can we Testangebot services in line with the increased costs for the provision of services change, if we add new or improved Dienstfeatures or in response to market changes (for example due to currency fluctuations, changes in labour costs, taxes / regulations, inflation, or infrastructure and licence fees). costs
We tell you at least 30 days prior to the price change.
You have the possibility of termination of the services referred to in point up before the price changes 9.h.
We establishing a price change, we also have the contact tell reasons for the change in price and of its scope and that the new price in force, if they are services not quit.
We remind you in it, such as the services may terminate.
K. payments to them.
In the event that we owe them a payment, do you agree, and us, in time to provide all information clearly that we of the payment to you need.
They are responsible for all taxes and charges, which they eventually by the payment costs.
Moreover, they will all the other conditions to respect for their right to payments we set.
Mistakenly if you payment shall be made, we will make the payment may require the reimbursement of. undo or payment
They agree, in our efforts to work with us.
Also we can payment to you to cut without notice prior overpayment.
L. default.
For late payment they must for the reasonable cost to us for the coronation as including or other amounts of overdue, to the extent of legal costs Anwaltskosten the applicable laws and regulations are permitted.
We are entitled to their services to block or to terminate it any sums not fully and on time, after a reminder from us pay have received-with the threat of blocking and / or termination of service-in which they are asked to pay within a reasonable time.
Blocking you can avoid, if they are necessary or termination payments within of the reasonable period, the operating in the memory is given.
If only slightly, the excess amount directly in another way.
Missing amounts below 2 % of will always be considered modest. Gesamtrechnungswerts
By a blocking or termination of, the access to services because payments are lost. you Microsoft-konto
M. Geschenkkarten.
Geschenkkarten fulfilling and use of (except Skype-geschenkkarten) depends on the Microsoft-bestimmungen for https: / / support.microsoft.com / Geschenkkarten (help). / / 10562 microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions
Skype-geschenkkarten information can be found on the Skype-hilfeseite (https: / / / /? Linkid = go.microsoft.com fwlink). 615383
N. payment on account.
Microsoft-konto as you can in your bank account aircraft. an appropriate payment
Appropriate accounts with a financial institution bank accounts are held, which may receive (for example, a financial institution Direktlastschriften in the us, the automated clearing house (oh) methods, a financial institution in europe that supported the " single euro payment area (sepa) -lastschriftverfahren or in the netherlands " ideal, " assisted). credit transfers
It shall apply in addition the provisions which, if they accept your their bank account (in the case of sepa Microsoft-konto such as the " ") and add. Sepa-mandat payment
They provide and to ensure that the you supplied in your name, and they led bank account authorised this as to deposit and use of payment bank account.
By payment or deposit choose their bank account as they (or their representatives authorized microsoft), one or more of the total amount of their purchase or their Lastschriftabbuchungen (in accordance with the provisions of Abonnementdiensts Abonnementgebühr) from your bank account to initiate (and any one or more credits to the bank to correct Irrtürmern, recovery of sums to encourage), and they like or authorise the home institution, and debit. such transaction
They note that this authorisation remains in force until they are an indication of their bank account in their delete. Microsoft-konto
If you think that there is talk immediately Fehlbuchung as described in the. in paragraph 4.e Kundensupport
The laws of their lands can their liability for fraudulent, or not authorised operations on their bank account defective.
By payment or choose a bank account as deposit confirm that these provisions have read and understood and accepted.
[Introduction] top
Vertragsschließende society, choice of law and jurisdiction
10 Vertragsschließende society, and jurisdiction. choice
If in the european union, iceland, liechtenstein, norway, switzerland and united kingdom (or as companies there lives have their head office) and free of charge or payment services use microsoft operations limited, ireland is one place, microsoft business park, south county dublin 18, ireland (the Leopardstown companies registration office in ireland under the number and 256796 and the url 70 u vat ie 8256796 sir john rogerson's quay dublin 2, ireland recorded) society. the vertragsschließende
For all of them in connection with free and paid services, the laws of ireland.
Verbraucherschutzgesetz lands of their rights under the, in which we you the services and in which they are habitually resident (or as companies have their principal place of business of remain intended.
As competent jurisdiction for all litigation arising from or in connection with these provisions, they agree on the courts and microsoft arise in the country in which we you the services and in which they are habitually resident (or their principal place of business. as a company)
Alternatively, you can choose the competent court in ireland.
[Introduction] top
Means of
11 guarantees.
As consumers they have certain legal rights.
These rights, inter alia, for the provision of services to microsoft with appropriate care and expertise.
Nothing in these provisions is to our liability for infringements by microsoft to restrict or exclude this obligation.
Except cases where fraud occur or the use of hidden defects is impossible, and services by shortcomings with the exception of all services ' as fact Skype-produkten payer, " " without the guarantee, " and " available ' provided as FEHLERFREIHEIT.
We guarantee its accuracy or timeliness in services.
They recognize and accept that computer and telecommunications systems are not perfect, and that it can come up.,
We can not guarantee that the services, timely, safe and sound UNTERBRECHUNGSFREI.
We and our related companies, trading partners, suppliers and distributors do not contractual guarantees or from. commitments
Statutory them all, but we take no further means of guarantees.
We conclude to the fullest extent possible all applicable law, including the means of compelling KONKLUDENTEN the suitability for a particular purpose, HANDELSÜBLICHKEIT, the expert and the implementation of third party rights NICHTVERLETZUNG.
[Introduction] top
Limitation of liability
12 limitation of liability.
A. microsoft shall not be liable for their content, their materials or other materials for third kind, including links to websites third and activities of users has been provided.
This content and activities are neither, nor do the opinion due to microsoft by microsoft again.
B. microsoft only when substantial or after liable applicable law legal obligations contractual obligations were injured.
C. microsoft, their indirect representatives and / or legal representatives are not liable for indirect damage, including financial loss as lost profits, unless, microsoft, their indirect representatives and / or their legal representatives have at least negligence or deliberate action.
D. legal strict liability by microsoft, including a legal liability for, is not affected by the limitation of liability Garantieverletzung.
The same applies to the liability for their indirect representatives and / or their legal representatives in the case of fraud or of its negligence, leading to a violation of the body or health of a person or death.
E. microsoft's for a non-conformity or delayed fulfil their obligations under these provisions not responsible as such or liable to the extent that is due to failure to perform or delay circumstances outside the reasonable control of microsoft are (for example, industrial action, force majeure, war, terrorist acts, malicious or compliance with applicable law property damage, accidents or an official order).
Microsoft shall make every effort to minimise the impact of such events and the waste concerned not obligations.
[Introduction] top
Dienstspezifische provisions
13 Dienstspezifische provisions.
Provisions before and after paragraph 13 find application for all services generally.
Dienstspezifische this figure includes provisions that in addition to the general provisions apply.
If dienstspezifische provisions, the general and contradict provisions prevail. dienstspezifischen
[Introduction] top
Xbox
A. xbox.
I. persönliche, non-commercial use.
The Xbox-onlinedienst, xbox game studios (https: / / www.xbox.com /) (including mojang games) xbox-game-studios games, applications, subscriptions (e.g. passport for pc, xbox game for the xbox game console, xbox game passport), services (e.g. passport ultimate) and provided by microsoft xbox live content (together " the ") are only for their own personal Xbox-dienste and non-commercial use.
.
Xbox-dienste.
Xbox-diensten register and if they are in, these will be given information on and use of games and activities, style and followed with appropriate third parties shared Xbox-diensten game to microsoft and the game of their activities and the third party games Xbox-dienste can provide.
Xbox-dienste microsoft account for if you with your account opened with a " foreign ") service link (Nicht-microsoft or on your account for on a foreign service (i.e. Xbox-dienste of another supplier of play as microsoft access) and services apps do you agree that (a) certain Kontoinformationen (such as microsoft,, score, game play and Gamertag Gamerscore) for the photo as in the foreign party described and (b) may release Microsoft-datenschutzbestimmungen if their allowed the foreign party also Xbox-datenschutzeinstellungen access to their content from communications can, if they have spielinterner your account foreign party are registered.
Microsoft can also, when your permit, their name, their Gamertag Xbox-datenschutzeinstellungen, you, you, avatar, their motto Spielerbild and games that it played Spielmitschnitte, in communications to publish them persons allow.
.
Their content.
Xbox-dienste-community give for the creation of microsoft, their related companies and the free and global's Unterlizenznehmern content or their names, their Gamertag, you, and its or their avatar Spielerbild to any have, partly or wholly and posted Xbox-dienste material and in any way and datenträgerunabhängig use to change to replicate, disseminate, to transfer to share and display.
.
Spielemanager.
Some can play, and are used. -hosts Spielemanager -botschafter
As hosts and are not authorised speakers of microsoft.
Their views are not necessarily those of microsoft.
V. Xbox-nutzung by minors.
Minors Xbox-dienste the use if you are an have their parents or guardians may control over many aspects and may your account reports on their use of Xbox-dienste received.
.
Spielewährung or virtual.
The Xbox-dienste may include a virtual (such as gold coins or Spielewährung points) by or on behalf of microsoft with real can be acquired, if the Geldinstrumenten country of residence of legal age.
The Xbox-dienste may also virtual were contained in the articles or digital, or on behalf of microsoft with real or Spielewährung. Geldinstrumenten
Spielewährung virtual and were can never in, products or articles with real Geldinstrumente value by microsoft, or any other party. zurückgewechselt
Limited apart from a personal, non-transferable, not unterlizenzierbaren widerrufbaren and the license to use virtual were exclusively in the Spielewährung Xbox-diensten they have no rights or standards of such goods in connection with a virtual or Spielewährung or more or, in the Xbox-spielen -apps occurrence or from or to the Xbox-diensten all other associated attributes in the use of standing or are stored in Xbox-dienste
Microsoft is your offer or virtual goods from time to time Spielewährung change.
.
Softwareupdates.
In a device that with the can, we are entitled to connect Xbox-diensten their version of the or automatically to examine and Xbox-konsolensoftware Xbox-app-software or for the or Softwareupdates Konfigurationsänderungen download, including those Xbox-konsole Xbox-app by them on access to, on the use of unauthorised Xbox-dienste or the use of unauthorised or Xbox-spiele Xbox-apps Hardwareperipheriegeräte in conjunction with a. Xbox-konsole from
.
Gamertag end of.
Shall a period of five years at least once in the login, otherwise they can access Xbox-diensten to lose their Gamertag, and the account are assigned to other users can then be awarded Gamertag.
.
Cheat- and Manipulationssoftware.
We are entitled to a device to automatically to illicit can combine Xbox-diensten hardware or software, to examine the contrary to the rules of conduct of these provisions (") and " von Cheaten possible. manipulation
Xbox-app-softwareupdates or we shall have the right, including those which Konfigurationsänderungen download them on the access to or the use of unauthorised Xbox-dienste hardware or software from the cheating and manipulation makes possible.
[Introduction] top
Store
B. store. "
Store refers to a service that enables them, uses the term " (" includes games) and other applications of digital content to seek download, purchase, to evaluate and a review to write.
These provisions cover the use of certain, owned by microsoft or its related companies located and from these (including, but not operated stores from limited to the office store, microsoft windows and microsoft to store store) " on xbox
Office store " stands for a store for and apps for microsoft office 365 Office-produkte,,, exchange, access and project (sharepoint version 2013 or later) or any other approach under the brand office store. "
Microsoft store on windows ' stands for a store, and the holder or their related companies, microsoft operator, as for smartphones, tablets and pcs Windows-geräte, or any other approach under the brand on the windows store as smartphones, pc tablets or Windows-geräten accessible. "
Microsoft store on xbox ' stands for a store, whose owners and operators or their related companies, and microsoft to Xbox-konsolen is made available to, or any other approach under the brand on the store, microsoft will be made available. Xbox-konsolen
I. license.
We give the editor in the corresponding each administration to store is available.
When use not license, constitute the other part (" salt ") for applications Standardlizenzbestimmungen at the end of these provisions the treaty between them and the publisher concerning license for a program you of any store (except the office store), whose owners and operators microsoft download or their related companies.
Except again made it clear that the present provisions for the use and the provision of Microsoft-diensten.
Paragraph 5 of these provisions, however, also applies to any of the store thereof and services. Drittanbieter-apps
Store downloaded applications on the office not included in the applications; for such applications shall be for Standardlizenzbestimmungen separate license.
.
Updates.
Microsoft review whether their applications have been made to automatically updates and invites them down, even if not to automatically declared. corresponding store
Their Store- or you can change if you prefer, system settings that does not automatically updated. Store-anwendungen
Certain wholly or partly online applications from the office, store, gehostete may at any time, developer of the application to be updated and may not require their consent.
.
Evaluations and reviews.
If an evaluation or an application for a review in store available or other digital goods, they can make e-mails from microsoft, with content editor of the application or digital goods.
E-mails come from microsoft; we give such as not to your email address editor on the store were on. applications or acquired digital
.
Security alert.
To physical damage and administration or eyestrain to avoid, they should in the use of games or other applications regular breaks, particularly if insertion pain or fatigue occur.
If symptoms occur, stop the use.
Possible complaints, nausea, dizziness, headache, not known: disorientation, Bewegungskrankheit fatigue, or the drought eyes. overexertion
Addressing applications can distract them and their surroundings.
Watch Stolpergefahren, steps, low blankets and things that harm or valuable fragile could.
In a very small number of people can lead to seizures come when you with specific visual images as blinking lights or faced who may be in patterns applications occur.
In populations where in the past it never comes, there is the risk of seizures, which caused such seizures undiscovered disposition might be.
Symptoms include seizures, vertigo, visual disturbances or limbs, trembling, confusion, disorientation loss of consciousness or seizures.
Stop it now, the applications to use and find a doctor if any of these symptoms, occurs, or go away before you use applications, if you ever related symptoms have occurred seizure.
Parents with their children in the use of applications for signs of respect. symptoms; and
[Introduction] top
Microsoft Family-features
C. microsoft Family-features.
Family-features microsoft, including safety, create microsoft family for parents and children trust and security by the possibility to work together to conduct, websites, apps, games, places and to agree to its own family, the monetary expenditure the appropriate framework of offer.
Parents can at https: / / / (or, as in the family account.microsoft.com guidance of or described a family Windows-geräts Xbox-konsole create and children or other family join. invite parents
Members there are many available, so please respect features precisely on the exact information, if you have family or family join if they create digital goods, to which the family buying should have access.
Family create or if you have a family to join, undertake to the family to their intended purpose and not used to be unlawful unerlaubterweise access to information on other people to make.
[Introduction] top
Gruppennachrichten
D. Gruppennachrichten.
Various Microsoft-dienste allow them to other persons (" ") or sms messages verbal messages to send, and / or allow microsoft and microsoft related companies, such news controlled at their request to you and to one or more other users to send.
Microsoft microsoft if you and to related companies controlled such messages to them or other to send us to secure, and ensure that they, and any person to whom we send messages on their behalf, receipt such messages and any relevant by microsoft from related companies and Verwaltungs-sms controlled by microsoft to agree. "
Verwaltungs-sms Routinetransaktionsnachrichten " are of a particular, such as a " Microsoft-diensts " or guidance as to how the Willkommensnachricht receiving messages can be rectified.
They members or such messages will no longer wish to receive, may the by microsoft, or receipt of further news from related companies controlled by microsoft at any time, as described in the instructions off.
You agree that the relevant instructions of the relevant programme or, if such news service follow no longer receive or in a group, no longer wish to participate.
They agree that she left the group, of which members remove you think such news no longer receive or are no longer in the group wish to participate.
They provide us also and ensure that each person on its behalf sending messages, we know that every member of the group for the costs of any is responsible, to whose Nachrichtengebühren mobile operator, including any international that will be incurred if Nachrichtengebühren of messages are sent. Usa-nummern
[Introduction] top
Skype, microsoft teams and Groupme
E. skype, microsoft teams and. Groupme
I. emergency services.
There are major differences between traditional or mobile and skype, teams and microsoft Festnetztelefondiensten. Groupme
Microsoft are not required to access to emergency services, microsoft skype for teams and (except to phone Groupme skype, as described below in accordance with applicable local or national rules, regulations or laws to offer.
Software products and are not designed to skype calls to police, hospitals, medical care or a service to support or a user with the staff durchzuleiten of the emergency services or of public ('). " is Notrufzentralen emergency services
Only skype calls to function can support, i.e. the phone call to a very limited number of emergency services in countries and only on certain versions or platforms of Skype-software.
Details availability and to configure this features is available here: https: / / www.skype.com / go / emergency.
In bringing about a distress call from via skype to information required for their physical location you phone work, so that the emergency services can respond.
Microsoft does not guarantee the provision of emergency.
Further information on the call of the emergency number 112, for the eu, see www.skype.com / go / emergency.
.
Payer Skype-produkten changes to.
Payer Skype-produkten we need to make modifications which to their disadvantage... tell you at least thirty (30) days before entry into force of amendments on that and their right to the use of the product concerned to stop before the changes to take effect.
If you use of the product is not until the end, vote amendments to the amendments.
We they are explicitly on this fact, if we tell it wishes.
.
Apis or Broadcasts.
Skype if you want to use in conjunction with a broadcast, they must ' under the heading " Broadcast-nutzungsbedingungen https: / / www.skype.com / go /. legal.broadcast to
Microsoft makes available if you have (" api ") would like to use Anwendungsprogramm-schnittstelle, they are to respect the under / / legal available www.skype.com) of the rules in force required. license
.
Guidelines for the fair use.
For its use of the software and products are sometimes guidelines skype fair use.
Read these directives by by the fraud and abuse are to be prevented and according to which may be the type, duration or the volume of possible call or communications be limited.
The directives are part of the present provisions by reference.
You find these directives at https: / / / / terms.fairusage. www.skype.com)
V. mapping.
Software skype and products with which they contain features information on a or using a in Mapping-dienstes Mapping-dienst submit a card can enter.
Through their use of these features vote and the terms of use for these provisions to google maps at https: / / www. google. com / intl / en _ all _ / help / terms available maps.html
.
Personal, non-commercial use.
Software and products for personal non-commercial and are skype use by you must be.
Is allows them to skype at work for their own commercial communications to use.
.
Skype-nummern Go-nummern / to skype.
Microsoft Skype- them a or, do you agree to skype Go-nummer provides that they neither own nor have this number to keep you forever.
In certain countries is their number may not, but by a microsoft made available, and in some circumstances Microsoft-partner they have a separate treaty with this partner finish.
Skype-nummer additional information on the found at https: / / go.skype.com / home.skype-number.
.
Skype manager.
Skype Manager-administratorkonto " " if they create and manage they act as administrator of skype and not as a Manager-gruppe Unternehmensentität.
, They shall have their personal Microsoft-konto with a to link (" association account Manager-gruppe skype.
Skype Manager-administratoren, they shall have additional empowered where these with the present provisions to agree.
Skype-nummern if you a linked, they are responsible to account for the domicile or residence requirements relating to the users of its integrated accounts are complied with.
Association account if you by a separate subscriptions, are allocated to skype Manager-gruppe or no longer available, and Skype-guthaben Skype-nummern you can't more on the content or the materials access to the account are assigned to link has been lifted.
Undertake personal data of users of their associated account in compliance with applicable data protection laws to process.
.
Skype-gebühren and refunds.
The costs to be paid for calls outside of subscriptions consist of telephones a (single) call and charge per Verbindungsgebühr a (see www.skype.com / go / Minutentarif) together. allrates
For costs to be paid by their Skype-guthaben calls deducted.
Microsoft tariffs for calls to and telephones can outside a change. subscriptions paid Sonderrufnummern
When changes significantly and not for their benefit are (for example, if we tariffs), we shall give increase of at least 30 days before the entry into force (30) by e-mail or by other appropriate way these rates of information.
After thirty (30) days, the new tariffs for your next phone call.
Current tariffs, see / go / allrates www.skype.com.
If you do not accept the new tariffs, they should not make calls.
Minutenbruchteile or charges in a currency are to the next complete fractions minute or the nearest one currency. min value rounded
Payer Skype-produkte do all prices for taxes, including vat, including applicable unless otherwise specified.
Vat is calculated on the basis of specified. Rechnungsadresse
You hereby expressly waive their right to a microsoft, should in the end by Umsatzsteuerrückerstattung skype to the tax authorities amount for whatever reason will be lower than their reinvestment. Umsatzsteuerbetrag
Payer Skype-produkte are not available to customers for the following regions or areas: holy mount athos, canary islands, french overseas departments, heligoland, the territory of büsingen, ceuta, melilla, livigno, campione d 'italia and the italian waters of lake lugano area that part.
Zahlungspflichtiges Skype-produkt by a use and their purchase shall cease their withdrawal period can not cancelled or are reimbursed.
Skype-guthaben assigning the spending of, or the use of a count as Skype-nummer subscriptions and / or " provision " full " use " of a payer Skype-produkts.
Vote that explicitly before expiry of the reflection period can be allocated Skype-nummern and from the date the allocation no longer eligible.
Outside cooling-off period can only subscriptions according to the available rules on which are not yet been used or not yet expired.
The reflection period and reimbursement shall not apply to the (i) payer Skype-produkte via an unrelated partners acquired, (ii) in cash paid (such as cash payment on Drittpartei-zahlungsanbieter wallet), (iii) not directly online by microsoft acquired (e.g. prepaid cards) or vouchers or (iv) your account by a third party were allocated.
Notwithstanding the above, they have under the applicable law may be entitled to reimbursement of the advance paid, if your Skype-nummer a Abonnement-guthabens us. provider
X Skype-guthaben.
Microsoft does not guarantee that you can use to buy Skype-guthaben all debtor Skype-produkte.
If Skype-guthaben her for a period of 180 days shall not use the microsoft to inactive. status of their Skype-guthabens
Skype-guthaben following on you can resume: link https: / / / / store.reactivate.credit. www.skype.com)
Skype-guthaben you can for the purchase of " automatic " role by providing the appropriate charging enable. enable Kontrollkästchen
Function if they enable, your every time the balance of Skype-guthaben under the limit laid down each Skype-kontos skype your chosen with falls on the amount you selected payment charged.
Subscription if you on a credit card, or other form of payment as paypal () and earned the Moneybookers Skrill function " " check your automatic charging with the amount charged to Skype-guthaben cover the next due date is needed. Abonnementzahlung
Function you can recharge " by automatic at any time in its to disable the associated attitude change. Kontoportal skype
.
Fees relating to international news.
Groupme teams currently use and microsoft for each group., Usa-nummern
Any Groupme- or microsoft sent or received counts as one Teams-nummer sms to the united states sent or received from the united states international sms.
Please clear up the relevant international tariffs with their suppliers.
[Introduction] top
Bing and msn
F. bing and msn.
I. materials in bing and. "
Articles texts, photographs, maps, videos, and materials to third Videoplayer bing and be made available, including by msn, applications and programmes, are only Microsoft-bots for their non-commercial, personal use only.
Other Verwendungsweisen, such as the download, copying or feed these materials or use of the materials or products for the manufacture of its products, is only accepted so far as this explicitly by microsoft, or rights holders is approved or under copyright is lawful.
Microsoft rightholders or other reserve all under the license granted rights to the microsoft does not explicitly materials.
.
Bing maps.
You do not have, without our separate written approval by the united states, images from the air canada, mexico, new zealand, australia and japan for administrative purposes.
.
Bing places.
If your data or content in bing, make available give microsoft places a worldwide, intellectual property, to use exempted licence reproduction, storage, transfer, bringing together, application, display or as part of a service and dissemination of the right to such rights to third parties. just Unterlizenzierung
[Introduction] top
Cortana
G. Cortana.
I. persönliche, non-commercial use.
Microsoft-dienst cortana is a, a personal assistant.
By Cortana offered features, services and content (together " the ") are only for personal Cortana-dienste and non-commercial use.
.
Functionality and content.
Cortana offers a number of features, some of which are personalized.
Cortana-dienste can you access to services, information or allow by other functions and services are made of or Microsoft-diensten Drittanbieter-apps.
The dienstspezifischen provisions of paragraph 13 shall also apply to their use of appropriate to which they hold on Microsoft-dienste Cortana-dienste.
Cortana provides information only to available, and they should after Planungszwecken receipt of this information their own draw the appropriate conclusions and not rely blindly.
Microsoft does not guarantee for the reliability, availability and timeliness of personalized interactions that of available. Cortana
Microsoft is not responsible if a delay or prevent Cortana-feature becomes a communication or notification to receive reading or to send or a service on the matter.
.
Drittanbieter-apps and services.
Cortana-dienste Cortana can in providing the services and in them and propose Drittanbieter-apps of interacting with these support (skills or related services third).
Cortana-dienste Cortana in providing the information, such as their exchanges may, and answers by postal code searches and be returned with the Drittanbieter-apps services and services in order to them Drittanbieter-apps help the requested services to take.
Cortana can enable them, using the, which are the direct for the relevant Kontoeinstellungen and services have set up on purchases Drittanbieter-apps and services to carry out. Drittanbieter-apps
Cortana-dienst you can the link between its and the and services at any time apart. Drittanbieter-apps
Their Cortana-diensten use of producing a connection with and services shall be subject to paragraph 5 of this Drittanbieter-apps provisions.
Drittanbieter-apps editor of and services shall have the right or the functionality and functions of their services or the integration into Cortana-dienste apps to modify or cancel.
Microsoft is not provided by the manufacturer responsible or liable. software or hardware
.
Cortana-fähige equipment.
Cortana-fähige equipment products or devices that access to support, or products or equipment, Cortana-dienste with Cortana-diensten compatible.
Cortana-fähige equipment equipment or products from third, microsoft, and not by microsoft not manufactured or developed.
For those instruments or products from third is microsoft not responsible or liability.
V. Softwareupdates.
We are entitled to have their version of the provision of services to Cortana-dienstesoftware is necessary, automatically to examine and free of charge or by the producers or download Softwareupdates Konfigurationsänderungen apparatus to require that such the Cortana-fähiger up to date. keep Cortana-dienstesoftware
[Introduction] top
Office-dienste
H. office services.
I. microsoft home, microsoft office 365, online, Sway, 365 personnel and all other services or microsoft 365-abonnements Onenote.com for their personal and of the trade mark office are not commercial use unless they are provided for under a separate treaty with microsoft rights to commercial exploitation.
Using applications such as word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, and publisher in the microsoft access, Onedrive, personnel and all microsoft 365 365-familie other microsoft they shall be subject to additional 365-abonnementdiensten license together with these provisions at https: / / aka.Ms / find. useterms
.
Outlook.
Outlook shall include the use of bing maps.
On bing maps made available to the content, including may only within of the product, Geocodes on the content are available are used.
Their use of bing maps is subject to the conditions for bing, available at /? Maps-endbenutzer go.microsoft.com and = linkid 9710837, available at Microsoft-datenschutzbestimmungen /? Linkid = 248686 / fwlink go.microsoft.com.
[Introduction] top
Microsoft-gesundheitsdienste
I. Microsoft-gesundheitsdienste.
I. microsoft band.
Microsoft Band-geräte and applications are no medical devices and solely for the purposes of fitness and wellness only.
They are not for use in the diagnosis of diseases, disorders or other conditions determined, nor for the use of the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease or other conditions.
Microsoft is not responsible for decisions which are given in the information supplied by microsoft band together.
.
Health bots.
Health bots, which action plans may include analyses, memories and other features are no medical devices and solely for the purposes of fitness and wellness in connection with the programme of a Gesundheitsträgers only.
Products can and should not replace medical advice, and they are not for use in diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease or other conditions only.
Bear the full responsibility for their use of health bots.
Microsoft is not responsible for decisions as a result of health information received meeting.?
Consult matters to complaints and nutrition, fitness or a doctor before you always Wellnessprogrammen bots health benefits.
You should, given the information they entered into the service or on the services received on no account disregard or the collection of expert medical advice medical advice any longer.
As any technical apparatus may also health for various reasons, such as bots be because the power supply or compound is interrupted.
[Introduction] top
Digital goods
J. digital goods.
Microsoft provides on microsoft, microsoft, the film & tv groove store, and other related services and future Xbox-dienste materially the possibility of music, images, video, text, books, games or other material which is available in digital form (" digital ") covered were to listen to reflect and to read.
Digital goods are only for their own personal, non-commercial use. Unterhaltungsgebrauch
Undertake no copies of the digital broadcasting, were publicly listed, publicly weiterzuvertreiben to show or).
Digital goods may the property of microsoft or by third parties.
Regardless in any case, that you recognise their rights regarding digital goods by these rules, by copyright, and through the use, at https: / / / / p / fwlink go.microsoft.com? Linkid = are restricted. 723143
Undertake not to attempt to digital goods which they are about one of the services relate, for some reason to change, including not for the purpose of owner or source of digital goods to conceal or amended.
Microsoft owner or digital goods are entitled to digital goods will without notice from the supply of services to take.
[Introduction] top
Onedrive
K. Onedrive.
I. memory.
If their content more than they have saved Onedrive-konto according to the provisions of free or paid for having them on Abonnementdienstes Onedrive a communication for their account to clean (either by a part of the content removal or in a new space), not change with more Abonnementplan within 30 days (or mentioned in the communication of any longer period) react we reserve the right to close its account and their content to delete or access to block Onedrive.
.
Performance of the service.
Depending on factors such as your device, and the efforts of the microsoft internet connection capacity and integrity of their service to maintain may occasionally experience delays to upload or of content on Onedrive come. synchronize
.
Notification of expiry.
We tell you at least one month in advance, before we you in accordance with point for inactivity. close Onedrive-konto 4.a.ii
Zahlungspflichtiges Onedrive-abonnement if they have not because we are your account during the period for which the use of Onedrive paid.
.
Onedrive-dienst changes.
We'll let you at least 30 days in advance, if an amendment to the free or access to their content to paid Onedrive-diensten lose. Onedrive
V. for subscriptions.
Their Onedrive-datenspeicherlimits if we reduce or the stop is your right, you Onedrive-dienst kostenpflichtiges, and you have to terminate Onedrive-abonnement from us a partial reimbursement of Abonnementgebühr.
We're on such an amendment at least 30 days in advance, and they must inform within the time limit referred to in the relevant notification quit.
[Introduction] top
Microsoft Rewards
L. microsoft Rewards.
I. microsoft Rewards (the " programme ") allows you to einlösbare points for activities such as the use of other searches, purchases and bids by microsoft to collect.
Those tenders may be different depending on the market.
A search is an activity in a single user manual text in the intention to, to own gutwilligen Bing-suchergebnisse to obtain and it doesn't Recherchezwecken searches by bots, or other macros or fraudulent methods of any kind (automated " search ").
A purchasing refers to the purchase of goods or the downloading of and the acquisition of a licence for digital content of microsoft, whether free of charge or against payment (" shopping.
Rewards-punkte for each purchase offered at microsoft.
Microsoft may from time to time, further opportunities to earn points, but the individual earnings offer available. however
Their complete points is on the side " cash ' under https: / / / (premiums for Rewards aka.Ms redeemrewards message. "
Further information, please see section " Rewards " at https: / / support.microsoft.com support.microsoft.com () (" frequently asked questions.
1 conditions for participation in the programme.
You need a valid and their equipment must Microsoft-konto Mindestsystemanforderungen (https: / / / /) meet. rewards account.microsoft.com
Users in the programme is " frequently asked questions ' markets listed available.
Each person can only a talk, even if they e-mail addresses several Programmkonto, and per household are not more than six accounts allowed.
The programme is exclusively for the personal and non-commercial use by you must be.
2 points.
Unless you give points within their further restrictions may apply) (it Microsoft-familie or they spend their points of the voluntary organisations, on the side " cash " listed, you can not transfer points.
The points are not your personal property, and they can not against or money exchange. Barbeträge
The points are them as part of a granted advertisement
You can not buy points.
Microsoft, the set of points on or premiums per person, per household, or for a specified period (for example, a day), provided that they are not limit by a violation of the principle of good faith, at a disadvantage.
You can about the programme per calendar year not more than 550,000 cash points.
Points you make on this programme, shall not apply to the other programmes that microsoft or third offered and are not with such other programmes / 15.
Points lapse if they haven't cashed a period of 18 months no further points deserve or cash points.
3 premiums.
You can have your points or a cash points listed by the non-profit organization contribute side " " cash (https: / / aka.Ms / turning on or visit) redeemrewards a contributions to charitable organizations for automatic login Spendenprogramm.
Certain premiums are used only in limited numbers available, and those are available, premiums while stocks last.
It is possible that they provide further information must, such as its communication and a phone number in (postal address is not a point), and is exempted or Voip- they may be asked, a code to be entered, or in addition to sign Betrugsverhinderung legal points for awards to deliver.
Once premium, you can not cancel or against points, unless the zurücktauschen products supplied are inadequate or the current legislation provides otherwise.
If you have a premium is out of stock or for other reasons is not available, we are entitled to them instead, a premium of a similar value supply or the points reimburse them.
Microsoft Prämienangebot is entitled to the at the site " cash " to update or certain premiums to take from the offer.
Premiums for some there may be provisions concerning the minimum age of the latter.
Such provisions will be described in the corresponding offer.
They are responsible for all national, regional and local taxes and any additional costs resulting from the adoption and use of the premium.
Premiums shall be in with your e-mail sent. Microsoft-konto linked
You therefore to ensure that your email address today.
Zustellbare premiums shall not be delivered and not fall accordingly.
Premiums can not be sold on.
Automatic donations of further information on the points to charitable organizations, see the commonly asked questions, to spend with bing (https: / / www.microsoft.com / rewards). / give-mode-overview
4. participation in the programme quit.
Microsoft Rewards-programm if they no longer wish to participate, on follow the guidance on the Abmeldeseite (https: / / / / account.microsoft.com rewards? = false). optout confirm
Logout if they are, they lose all their immediately available points.
You Programmkonto can be removed if they are in a period of 18 months to not at least once.
Microsoft also reserves the right to cancel the a user of the Programmkonto programme, abused or fraudulent or manipulated uses against these provisions).
After termination of the participation in the programme (by it or by us), or if the programme is withdrawn, they have 90 days time, their points on.
Would otherwise lapse the points.
Termination ends with their right to make use of the programme and future points to collect.
5 other conditions.
Microsoft reserves the right, they exclude from the programme, their access to the programme or on the Prämienkonto and / or points to disable premiums and, when microsoft believes that deprive Spendenbeiträge up this programme in any respect abuse or possibly rig companies which activities against the rules.
[Introduction] top
Azure
M. azure.
Their Azure-dienstes by use of the provisions of the treaty, under the separate regulated services.
Please visit the " legal advice on microsoft azure " page at https: / / aka.Ms / Aa7z67v.
[Introduction] top
Miscellaneous
14 other.
These paragraphs and paragraphs 1, 9 (for the amount before the end of the validity of these provisions, incurred 10, 11, 12, 16 and paragraphs that destination continue to endure the expiration or termination of these provisions.
We have our rights and obligations under this provision as a whole or in part at any time without notice to leave to transfer or otherwise dispose of, if such a sale, transfer or not available at a disadvantage for them is.
You do not have such provisions or rights of use of the services to leave to transfer or otherwise dispose of.
This is all the treaty between them and microsoft for the use of the services.
He precedes all previous treaties between them and on their use of microsoft services.
All parts of the provisions apply to the right: maximum amount.
Should court or arbitration tribunal, that we are part of these provisions are not able to after the wording to the relevant provisions as by similar in accordance with the law applicable to the extent and the other provisions are enforceable provisions replaced remain unchanged.
These provisions are exclusively to their and our favour.
They favour not third parties, except for the successor or by microsoft. assignee
The Zifferüberschriften merely serve as reference.
15 waiving of the provisions on consumer protection for end users.
When making a, a small and micro-enterprises, a non-profit organization that they are to take all of them that they might otherwise to waive in accordance with the european code for electronic communications (directive) article 102 (1), 2018/1972 3 and 5; article 105 (1) and article 107 (1) and 3 had.
16 Exportgesetze.
You must all national and international and provisions to comply with Exportgesetze software and / or the services are, including restrictions on destinations, and end-use. end-users
Further information on geographical and see limits on exports https: / / / www.microsoft.com exporting.
17 Rechtevorbehalt and feedback.
Except as expressly provided for in those provisions, granted them microsoft no licence or other rights of any kind in relation to patents, know-how, copyright, business secrets, marks or other parts of intellectual property, the owned or controlled by microsoft or any related entity are.
This also applies to the name, and ideas, if you like Handelsaufmachungen microsoft or proposals, such as feedback put forward ideas for new products, technologies, or names or feedback and suggestions for improvement to promotion actions products (" "), give feedback that cost, fees and microsoft, and i also with them any commitments lizenzgebührenfreie related to right, from their feedback working to create or drawn up, and their feedback in any way and at any purposes to use, transfer and commercial use.
Feedback do not give a licence is subject to the it would require that microsoft's own software which own technologies or own documentation to third parties, because that you should receive feedback was received.
[Introduction] top
Instructions
Instructions and procedures for the enforcement of any claims for Schutzrechtsverletzungen.
Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties.
For claims due to an injury of intellectual property rights, including rights for copyright infringement, we recommend that you, the microsoft appointed representatives to send a communication.
Further information and contact details can be found in the instructions and procedures for applying for copyright infringements of rights (https: / / www.microsoft.com / info / cpyrtinfrg.html).
Microsoft processes pursuant to title 17 of official collection of the united states, section 512 Bundesgesetzen for the communications on copyright infringements. Beantwortungen
In the circumstances can also accounts of users of microsoft or stop where to disable Microsoft-diensten once again. copyright infringements occurred
Instructions and procedures to intellectual property issues in advertisements.
Read intellectual property guidelines (directives on intellectual property) (https: / / / /? Linkid = go.microsoft.com) fwlink to questions on 243207 intellectual property rights in our Werbenetzwerk.
Copyright and Markenschutzhinweise.
For services directly copyright © and / or their suppliers microsoft corporation, one way, microsoft redmond, washington, united states. 98052
All rights reserved.
In provisions are the Markenrichtlinien https: / / www.microsoft.com by microsoft (/ en-us / legal / / / /) intellectualproperty trademarks usage (in their valid version each general.aspx).
Microsoft logo, and the names and symbols of all products, software and services by microsoft can either unregistered or in the united states and / or other countries registered trade marks the microsoft group.
The following list is a non-exhaustive list of brands of microsoft: https: / / www.microsoft.com / en-us / legal / / trademarks intellectualproperty / En-us.aspx.
The names of the actual companies and products may be tokens of their respective holders.
All rights not expressly in these destinations are reserved.
Certain software that is used in certain Microsoft-websiteservern is based in part on the work of the independent jpeg group.
Copyright © thomas g. 1991-1996 lane.
All rights reserved.
Gnuplot " for " software on certain used: Microsoft-websiteservern copyright © thomas williams, colin kelley. 1986-1993
All rights reserved.
Medical advice.
Microsoft offers no medical or health advice, diagnosis or treatment.
Talk complaints and for food, to questions on fitness or to your doctor or to other Wellnessprogrammen always qualified healthcare providers.
You should, given the information they entered into the service or on the services received on no account disregard or the collection of expert medical advice medical advice any longer.
Kursnotierungen Idexdaten). and (including Indexwerten
Financial information on the services provided are only for their own personal, non-commercial use.
You do not have the financial data, or an external trade marks without separate written contract with the licensor, in conjunction with the issue, external licensor production, promotion, trade, marketing or promotion of financial instruments or investment products such (for example, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, funds, etc., in which assets portfolio price return and / or performance of the instrument or on the financial data based related Investmentprodukts or is to pursue) shall be used.
Finanzhinweis.
Microsoft broker / dealer, is not registered or the other after the investment advisers Us-bundeswertpapierrecht and advise people not laws Wertpapierrecht regarding the advisability, in securities or other financial products or services to invest, the purchase or sale.
Nothing entered into the service is a tender or a request to purchase or sale of securities.
Neither licensor of microsoft nor their support or recommend certain financial products or Börsenkursdaten Indexdaten or services.
No part of the services is a technical advice, among other things, no investments or accounting.
Visual-standard h.264 / mpeg-4 avc, reference to and Visual-standard Vc-1 video standard.
Software contains probably the h.264 / mpeg-4 avc, Codec-technologie visual and / or by la, mpeg Vc-1. licensed l.l.c.
With this technology is a format for the Datenkomprimierung of Videoinformationen.
Mpeg requires the following note: la, l.l.c.
This product is among the h.264 / mpeg-4 Avc-, and for personal and not Visual- Vc-1-patentpoollizenzen commercial use of a consumer, the (a) video licensed in accordance with the above standards (" ") in 1989 and / or (b) coded h.264 / mpeg-4 Avc-, and by a Visual- Vc-1-video-videomaterial consumer DECODIERT personal and non-commercial purposes, and / or by a code is supplied, on an appropriate VIDEOANBIETER licence has.
No import licences shall apply for a different product, even if the product concerned together with this software in a single article.
There will be no license to any other purpose, not even granted. KONKLUDENT
Received additional information from mpeg, see website of la la l.l.c. mpeg (https: / / www.mpegla.com).
In order to avoid misunderstandings, may i say that the reference in this paragraph is not the use of under these regulations available software for normal own business of a company, the limits or prevents not (i) the distribution of the software to third parties or (ii) the development of technologies with material for distribution to third parties in accordance with the mitigation. Video-standards
[Introduction] top
STANDARDLIZENZBESTIMMUNGEN applications
STANDARDLIZENZBESTIMMUNGEN applications
In the european economic area offered
Microsoft store, microsoft windows and microsoft xbox store on store on
This license is a treaty between them and the editor of the application.
Please read the license carefully.
They apply to software applications them out of the store, microsoft windows store on the microsoft or the microsoft xbox (in the store on download license "), both " store, including any updates and additions to the application, unless the application is accompanied by its own rules, in which case they apply.
This provisions do not recognise, they are not entitled to the application or to use it in may download do.
" Editor of application ' means the legal person who use to you as the store specified licensed
It license to do you have the following list of rights.
1. rights to install and use.
Do Windows-geräten or the use in as in the use, Xbox-konsolen (https: / / / / p / fwlink go.microsoft.com? Linkid =) by microsoft to install and use described 723143.
Microsoft reserves the right to use, (https: / / / / p / fwlink go.microsoft.com? Linkid =) at any time to change. of microsoft 723143
Internet based services. 2.
A. approval or internet-based. Wireless-diensten
If use with computer systems on the internet, which connects the use of a Drahtlosnetzwerks by, vote may include the application of use of the transmission of (such as technical information on Standardgeräteinformationen your device, its systems and software and peripheral equipment) for their. or web-based Drahtlosnetzwerkdienste
If associated with their use of the services to which they have access using the application submitted by other provisions of these rules apply too.
B. Internetbasierter abuse services.
You do not have, in a way to use internet based services by them or their use by others or deliberately damage the affect. Wireless-netzwerk
You do not have the service, to use in any way unauthorised access to services, data, or to obtain. accounts networks
LIZENZUMFANG 3.
Application is licensed, not sold.
This treaty gives you just some rights to use the application.
Microsoft ability to use the application equipment in accordance with their contract with their disabled, all related franchise rights lapse microsoft.
The Anwendungsherausgeber reserves all other rights.
Do use only, as in this treaty expressly permitted, unless use, applicable law gives you that being said, more extensive rights.
They are obliged to all technical restrictions on the application with the specific uses them only permit.
They are not entitled to
A. technical restrictions on the application to circumvent.
B. zurückzuentwickeln use (), or to reverse engineering dekompilieren, unless that and disassemble only if it explicitly allows for copyright applicable computer programs.
C. a greater number of copies of the application as indicated in this treaty or the applicable law that being said, expressly allowed advertising.
D. use to publish or otherwise make available, so that other copying.
E. use for rent,. or lease
F. use this treaty or to a third party).
Documentation.
If documentation is provided with the application, do the copying and used. their personal reference purposes
5 technology and export restrictions.
Use Technologiekontroll- or and schemes of may is Exportgesetzen us and other countries.
You bound, all national and international rules and comply with the for the Exportgesetze from the application or supported technology used.
These laws also contain restrictions on destinations and end-user end-use.
Further information on products brand is available from the export (microsoft Microsoft-website https: / / go.microsoft.com / /? linkid = 868967). fwlink
SUPPORTSERVICES 6.
Contact Anwendungsherausgeber, to find out whether the Supportservices are available.
Microsoft, you and your (except mobile technology company, one of them is the) are not for the provision of Anwendungsherausgeber Supportservices for use responsible.
7 total contract.
This treaty, the applicable data protection directive, the application of any additional provisions, and for the amendments and incorporated in the rules in force are the total licence agreement updates on the application between them and the editor of the application.
8 applicable law.
A. united states and canada.
When considering the use in the united states or canada have earned, then the laws of the state or rules of the province where the or their residence (or with a company you) is the interpretation of these provisions, Hauptfirmensitz and apply to claims arising from any breach of this provisions and all other claims (including rights from unfair competition and consumer protection, illicit activities) notwithstanding the provisions of international private law.
B. outside the united states and canada.
When considering the use in another country have acquired, the laws of that country.
9 legal effect.
This treaty describes certain rights.
You may have under the law of their state or country more extensive rights.
This treaty does not change their rights arising from the laws of their country or country shown, provided that the laws of their state or country not allow it.
10 exclusion of guarantees.
Use besehen, " ", " as with all the shortcomings, " and " how available " licensed.
Editor use itself (if not the editor of the microsoft microsoft application is), mobile, on their network use is provided and all relevant related companies, suppliers, representative and suppliers (" the parties ') do not further contractual guarantees, or relating to the application means of assurances.
Them are all statutory means of, but we shall not grant other guarantees.
Allowable size to the local law, the parties concerned all conclude from, including the means of compelling konkludenten the suitability for a particular purpose, Handelsüblichkeit, the assurance of safety and comfort and Nichtverletzung of third party rights.
11 restrictions on remedial measures and claims.
A. editor of the application shall not be liable for or for other species, third party materials Nutzerinhalte including links to websites and activities of users of third parties were provided.
This content and activities are not on the still give the opinion of the Anwendungsherausgeber due Anwendungsherausgebers again.
As editor of the application to violate fundamental obligations shall be liable only this license.
C. Anwendungsherausgeber of its representative and / or indirect legal representatives are not liable for unforeseen damage and / or financial losses in connection with indirect damage, including account, unless the profits, its representative and / or indirect Anwendungsherausgeber its legal representatives have at least negligence or deliberate action.
Haftungseinschränkung d. the shall not affect the legal strict liability of the editor of administration, including (without then be limited to) the liability after the and the legal liability in Garantieverletzungen Produkthaftungsgesetz.
The same applies to the liability of the originator of administration, its indirect and / or its representative legal representative in case of fraud or negligence, leading to a violation of the body or health or death.
E. license for these applications for and / or the use of applications or services that are provided on the application shall in addition to the in paragraphs (a) to (e) of this paragraph 11 referred to any other contractual or statutory rights operators.
[Introduction] top
Covered services
The following products, and services are covered by the apps are but may be on their Microsoft-servicevertrag market not available.
Account.microsoft.com
App Bing-suche
Bing apps
Bing dictionary
Bing image and news (ios)
Bing maps
Bing Rebates
Bing search apis / Sdks
Bing pages
Bing translator
Bing webmaster
Bing.com
Bingplaces.com
Cortana questions
Microsoft cortana skills by
Cortana
Default website and new tab page on microsoft edge
Dev center app
Dictate
Education.minecraft.net
Face swap
Feedback intake tool for maps (aka " azure azure ") maps feedback
Forms.microsoft.com
Forzamotorsport.net
Gerätestatus-app
Groove music pass
Groove
Groupme
Karten-app
Lineback
Microsoft 365 business standard and microsoft 365 apps *
* Applies to a commercial domain for use of these services is established.
Apply from that date separate provisions for commercial services by microsoft.
Microsoft 365 consumer
Microsoft 365 family
Microsoft 365 staff
Microsoft academic
Add-ins for microsoft skype
Microsoft?
Microsoft educator community
Microsoft film & tv
Microsoft health
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft math solver
Microsoft pay
Microsoft pix
Microsoft research and science
Microsoft research open data
Microsoft bing search in
Microsoft soundscape
Microsoft start
Microsoft teams
Microsoft translator
Microsoft wallpaper
Microsoft Xiaoice
Microsoft-familie
Microsoft-konto
Minecraft realms plus and minecraft realms
Minecraft-spiele
Mixer
Msn dial up
Msn explorer
Msn finance
Msn health and fitness
Msn cook & from
Msn news
Msn premium
Msn travel
Msn sport
Msn weather
Msn.com
Next lock screen
Office 365 per plus optional connected experiences
Office for the web (so far) online office
In microsoft office 365 consumer
In microsoft office 365 family
In microsoft office 365 staff
Office store
Office Sway
Office.com
Onedrive.com
Onedrive
Onenote.com
Outlook.com
Paint 3d
Presentation translator
Rinna
Rise4fun
Seeing ai
Send
Skype in the classroom
Skype manager
Skype.com
Skype
Smart search
Snip insights
Apps games, and websites of xbox game studios
Spreadsheet keyboard
Store
Support- Wiederherstellungs-assistent of microsoft office 365 and for
Sway.com
To-do.microsoft.com
Translator for microsoft edge
Translator live
Urweather
Ux.microsoft.com
Video breakdown
Visio online
Windows-spiele -apps, and published by microsoft -websites
Web translator
Whiteboard.office.com
Windows photo gallery
Windows live mail
Windows live writer
Windows movie maker
Windows store
Xbox game pass
Xbox live gold
Xbox live
Xbox music
Xbox store
[Introduction] top
Vertragsschließende companies (related to payment services referred to in point 10 (b))
There are currently no associated contracting companies.
Microsoft ireland operations limited is society. their vertragsschließende
