Terms and conditions
An introduction to agb and use of Quora
Quora welcome to.
Here's a brief summary of the main points of our agb and conditions of use:
It is our mission, knowledge of the world to divide and multiply.
Quora offers its users with a platform on which you can ask questions and connect with other people can the unique and high-quality answers..
This encourages people to learn from each other and the world understanding.
Yours content, and the you publish; at the same time and the other us show users of certain rights and licences, they Quora shall be used.
The details of such licences are given in section 3 (c).
You're responsible for the content that you publish.
Includes ensuring that the necessary for you has the rights to publish content and that the legal rights of third hurt your content (for example, slander) or otherwise applicable law.
Quora elsewhere content you can publish, provided you again in terms of content this refers and the rights of the original author's Quora ride along with, including the marking " not for reproduction. "
We approve or by users content. verify,
Our content and materials are you " in " without any guarantee available and original.
Alone responsible for your own use of Quora platform.
Contributions from lawyers, physicians and other experts should not as a replacement for professional council for your specific situation to be used.
You but compliance with the guidelines and indicative of our platform to.
Quora if you do, but you too and our, our data protection directives willigst guidance on the appropriate use, and our advice. our Urheberrechts-richtlinie Marken-richtlinie
There is a way for you to give us feedback.
If you think that someone are your intellectual property right has violated, to other laws or directives has not, can you against Quoras a statement of the contact e-mail or our used. submit produkteigene Melden-funktion
We welcome the fact that you want to join in with and recommend that the full Quora agb to read. conditions
Agb and conditions of use of Quora
Last updated: 23 october 2018
Quora welcome to.
Quora is a platform on which to know and is shared the motivated people to learn from each other and the world better understanding.
This agb and use (" conditions ') in the agreements (" agreement ") between you and the Quora, inc. (" Quora, " " we " or " us ").
They regulate your use of products and services, which we have our offer and applications (under the name of Webauftritte. " " Quora
Please read it carefully for you with your use of these conditions. but you Quora
The mission of Quora
Quoras mission, it is knowledge of the world to share and to expand.
Quora is a platform on which you can ask questions and you can connect with other people, the unique and high-quality answers..
This encourages people to learn from each other and the world understanding.
The use of Quora
Who could use it.
Quora is the use of which has not prohibited for each is 13 years old.
Hereby do you explain that you in the jurisdiction in which you live, at least, if you do not, or are of age, are your parents or guardians must agree, and these confirm that you agb this agreement on its behalf and accept the responsibility for your use of them.
Registration.
Quora profile on if you, you'll be asked erstellst certain information about you indicated.
You willigst that you are accurate information, including, if you on your Klarnamens Nutzerkonto Quora erstellst.
We will be the information you us in terms of available now, registration in accordance with our data protection directives deal with.
You should ensure your password be confidential.
Data protection directives.
Our Datenschutzpraktiken are established. in our data protection directives
They use the platform is our data protection directives. Quora
Guidance on the appropriate use.
You willigst, you under your interactions with other on at any time in the guidance on the appropriate use of Quora.
Termination.
You can close your account at any time by you and your Nutzerkonto. Kontoeinstellungen navigierst deaktivierst
Nutzerkonto Quora close to your we can, if you or a block of hurt or for other reasons too Quora directives.
Quora changes to.
We are always trying to improve. your Quora Nutzungserfahrung
It may be that we add or change can and must functions to do this without notice.
Feedback.
We welcome your feedback and suggestions as to how we can improve Quora.
Don't hesitate, taking your feedback to give. / contact quora.com
Feedback give you if you're a us at their own discretion willigst the right to the feedback to use to publish or otherwise, to use all or part of fully and without you to compensate.
Your content
Definition of your content.
Quora contributions, you can get to texts, photos, videos, left and add files and share it with others.
You facebook page, all the data or other to publish show under the name we take Quora " your content together. "
You willigst and but that your content under your use of Quora to the general public can be seen.
Property.
You licensor or, where appropriate the property of the copyright and your keep other intellectual property rights in your content, subject to the exclusive rights you us not bring in the following.
Licence and permission to use your content.
By Quora, your content on, or you'll clean einreichst publish and it anzeigst affiliated firms a not Quora exclusive, worldwide, fully paid, transferable abgabefreie on several levels) a licence (unterlizenzierbare for use, proliferation, reproduction, processing, adaptation, modification, production of derivatives, publication, transfer, storage, display and distribution, and alternative use for your in connection with the operation and content of the use of or the promotion, advertising or Quora marketing of media and all in all, Quora (today known distribution channels or later be developed).
You're agree that this licence the right of other companies, including your content Quora organisations or individuals to provide counterparties with work together for the, broadcasting, Quora syndication proliferation or publication on other media and distribution channels your content.
This licence shall also include the right to other users of your content in accordance with our agb and Quora to use to copy to conditions of use, to adapt to change reproduce to produce to publish discharges waste to show and to distribute, to translate to communicate and to make available to the public.
If your answers not by other users are to be translated, can you the translation into your reject or certain answers from the profile settings translation exclusive.
As soon as you an answer to a question, you can publish your answer at any time or from the public display to edit delete, except when it is www.quora.com to published anonymously in reply.
However, it may be that we have is not possible, the removal of the response from the display on channels or other previously used syndizierten Distributionsmethoden outside to control. www.quora.com
Quora spam from your device. is possible answers
As soon as you a question, it may publish by other users or edit and remove. Quora at any time
All about you made working and amendments may be visible to other users.
Quora, the right of each of you to show, question to copy to transfer to publish to to distribute, store, and elsewhere to use to modify and these rights to other is permanent and irrevocably, where unterzulizenzieren legally permitted, unless otherwise specified in this agreement.
Willigst that and you will recognize your content and your content and preserve Quora related information, if it can disclose before the law is required or in good faith that such a preservation or disclosure is required to reasonably: (a) the legal, or to comply with applicable law; (b) these agb Regierungsanfragen and use; (c) to claims to respond to that your content the rights of third hurt; (d) fraud, safety or technical problems to identify, prevent, or otherwise to address; or (e) the ownership rights, or the personal safety of its users or to the public, Quora.
You aware that we modify, adapt or derivatives of your content to this can create, equipment, computer networks on service providers and in various media to indicate or distributieren.
Your content, or we can remove their publication refuse all or part of, and at any time.
You erteilst are also permission and power, as your representative action to nichtexklusiver take enforcement action against any use your content from third parties outside nichtautorisierte Quora or if you against our agb and use).
Your responsibility for your content.
By Quora your content on, and you can guarantee against us publish versicherst that: (i) you is that you all necessary or property rights licences or ratings of all necessary to have parties receive your content to take us the right to grant your content such as is provided for in this agreement benefits, and (ii) that publication your content no intellectual property rights or personal rights of injured or other applicable law or regulations.
You take full responsibility for getting you the violation of intellectual property or the personal rights of others or breach of laws and regulations vermeidest in conjunction with your content.
You are responsible for ensuring that your content guidance on the appropriate use, Quoras, other published directives of Urheberrechts-richtlinie Marken-richtlinie or applicable law provisions do not break or Quora.
You willigst, all licence fees, and costs and other funds to pay the any other person because of your content due.
Our content and materials
Definition of our content and materials.
All intellectual property or related to the platform (including, but not in particular Quora limited to our software which marks, logo, but Quora Quora) is the property of the exclusive your content or its branches and subsidiaries and Quora inc. related companies, or by other content, to be published in the us Quora users were licensed (under the name of " our content and materials.
Data.
Quora all the data on the use of by you, or other (" collects Quora data "), belong to the Quora inc., its branches and subsidiaries.
Deutlichkeitshalber shall relate to data not your content and is separated from our content and materials.
Our licence to you.
We give you a limited but not exclusive license to use and access to our content and materials and data, as you to be made available in conjunction, Quora with your use of, subject to the conditions of use and this agb Quora agreement.
Quora granted you a worldwide,,, non-transferable and not abgabefreie widerrufliche exclusive, our content and materials all over the internet to publish again, provided that: (a) the corresponding content on 22 april 2010 after the Quora was added; (b) users, the corresponding content has drawn up this content does not explicitly to as not to reproduce; marks Quora (c) the content you not; (d) it Quora veränderst and with a text in particular lesbarem zuschreibst for humans and machines follow link (a < > a), on the side of Html-anker-tag versiehst on which the original source of zurückverlinkt content is displayed at http: / / quora.com, on each side, which our content and materials; (e) contains you either on request or by a user that Quora has contributed to the contents, the name of the user of the content, the user has subsequently anonymous entfernst; (f) on request, either by you or by a user going Quora
These rights by you, you can not explicitly or implicitly ausübst in any way claim or suggest that a link with, promotion or advertising of or a user is on Quora, without the prior separate, Quora and explicit written permission from us.
Our licence to you at any time from each end reason.
We have the right, but not the obligation, the dissemination of content on to refuse or remove. content Quora
Except rights and licences issued in these conditions we reserve all other rights and shall not grant any other rights or licences, not yet. otherwise implicitly
To use.
If you do a search engine, a, offered a, Web-crawler, a tool for mass Scraping-tool Data-mining-tool download, or a similar tools for collecting or extract Wget-dienstprogramm of data, can you on Quora subject to the following additional rules access: (i) you should have a clear User-agent-header; (ii) you have to use the robots.txt always follow; (iii) your access must not aspect of the functioning of; and (iv) Quora affect you gotta clear test as you can contact, either in your on your website, or if you User-agent-string has a.
No licence or verification.
Quora please note that access to content, products and services from third parties, and interactions with third level.
Participation or availability on does not entail any approval or verification Quora from us.
We accept no liability for or information on the truth, completeness or by anyone at timeliness of content, to be published. Quora
Property.
You recognize and that our but content and materials owned by users or stay. Quoras Quora
Content information and services to available are of american Quora and international copyright and brands and other laws, and protected you will recognize that these rights are valid and applicable.
Integrated services
Another Online-dienstanbieter you can, for example a social network service provider "), (" integrated right into your on Quora integrate. Nutzerkonto
You by an integrated service, hit, you permission to your login erteilst us and others in the integrated service providers and transfer of data to be him.
Quoras further information on use, storage and transmission of information in connection with you and to your use of integrated services within about in our Datenschutzrichlinien Quora.
Please note that your use of all integrated service provider and whose own dealing with your data and information only from their conditions of use, and other directives determined. data protection directives
Further information on certain offered on Quora
Digests.
Quora registrierst in if you belongs to the service of preserving a with questions and answers for Digests you could be of interest.
Yourself from the receipt of and other adjust by Kommunikationseinstellungen Digests logout for the human & you " in profile of your e-mail communications, as described in our data protection directives are a user's account.
Ads.
Quora it has to go advertisements content or to refer to information on Quora made requests or other information in on Quora to relevant to make it for you.
Changes to the species and the level of advertising of are reserved. Quora
Quora taking into account the fact that access to and use of you, that you allowed Quora willigst and and partners such advertising on Quora Drittanbieter Quora can adapt.
Werbetreibender operate as if you want, you have to agree with us in separate and additional conditions as regards the provision of advertising services on Quora.
Contributors from the legal, medical & other professional fields.
Some users who are legal, medical and publish content other licensed (under the name " professional occupations. contributing
Content by professional, should not be published contributing as a substitute for council by a serve experts for your specific situation is appropriate.
Quora Haftungsausschluss-vorlagen available for some of the wording is the professional and in their answers can insert edit contributing.
Ethical requirements vary depending on the country or location, and it is the responsibility of the professional contributing, to the exclusion pursuant to their profession and formulations of available content should be laid down and to provide.
Buttons, left and widgets.
Quoras buttons, you have my permission, left and subject to the conditions of use and to use widgets agb (including and) and provided that Haftungsausschlüsse liability limits: (a) use of your buttons, left and only on the widgets platform; (b) Quora linked you such buttons, left or in the associated code widgets or not in any way veränderst; (c) you so buttons, left or not in a way which do widgets implies or suggests that the assisted sponsors or recommends website Quora on such buttons, left or be used; and (d) widgets using that buttons, left and and the widgets side, on the such buttons, be used on the left and widgets can't hurt you to proper use. directive Quoras
Web-ressourcen and services from third.
Quora can provide an opportunity for the links to other websites to follow or products or services from third parties to interact.
You take all the risks for your use of websites or resources.
Services, which require a separate agreement.
Certain features or services may require you to a separate and additional written agreement prior to use it.
Reports violation of intellectual property rights, your or applicable law directives Quora
We have a specific approach for the reporting of violations against your intellectual property rights or of other infringements of the directives or applicable law established. Quora
Urheberrechts-richtlinie and Marken-richtlinie.
Urheberrechts-richtlinie and we have adopted and implemented Marken-richtlinie.
Further information, including detailed information on how you a question on distance, if you are of the opinion, einreichst that content on intellectual property rights, you'll find your Quora hurt. and in our Urheberrechts-richtlinie Marken-richtlinie
Simplicity we are for you the following form for the complaint due to the statement of the complaint and for due to available that you each for copyright violation as soon as possible to where applicable processing benefits.
Reports of other infringements.
If, in your opinion content on proper use contrary to directive against Quora Quoras or otherwise applicable law (except violate copyright and trademark law infringements of the) or other directives, you can be Quora form for the complaint due to other violation of suppliers.
We shall not be obliged, content to cancel the offensive or insulting you personally do.
We are aiming to requests for the removal of content to respond immediately, in accordance with our directives and the law.
HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE and restrictions
Please read this section as it right through the liability of the instances of to you clearly. QUORA
" QUORA instances of " means the inc., QUORA
And all branches, subsidiaries, associates, suppliers, and partners, as well as their board members, licensor directors, employees, representatives and representatives.
Any subsequent scheme is where legally permitted use.
QUORA we, including our content and materials and with the possibility to connect you with others, " as it is " and " according to the availability " for ready, without any guarantee, whether express or implied decision.
Without restrictions of the above, reject the instances of guarantee and condition of suitability for use, any QUORA correctness and completeness, the property rights, or services, fitness for the continuous ratified a particular purpose, the peaceful use, and any guarantee of commerce from NICHTVERLETZUNG or commercial.
QUORA makes no commitments on and off for explicitly rejected any liability: (i) content by a user or a third party, to be published, (ii) any website of a third product or of a third party to service of a third party, or for you on QUORA listed accessible, including integrated service provider or QUORA professional contributing; (iii) the quality or the behaviour of your third each, in conjunction with your use of coming into contact; or (QUORA (iv) the use of unauthorised access to, or change your content.
QUORA does not ensure that: (a), (b) requirements QUORA your continuously, timely, safe or QUORA is free from error; (c) the results or information which you through the use of, from a professional or a QUORA contributing user get, accurate and reliable; or (d) the quality of products, services, or other information materials about QUORA, is satisfactory. or get ERWIRBST
You WILLIGST that the instances of legally permitted to you not as QUORA are liable under any legal interpretation of liability.
Without restrictions of the above, that the authorities of a you WILLIGST as legally permitted in particular are not liable QUORA for each indirect random, resulting, special or damage, exemplary, or loss of data (GEWINNVERLUST GESCHÄFTSAUSFALL even if we on RUFSCHADEN the possibility of the possibility of such damage being informed or if such damage), the coming from or indicate in any way connected with your use or of QUORA NUTZUNGSUNFÄHIGKEIT.
Your only recourse to dissatisfaction with the attitude of the use of QUORA QUORA.
Without restrictions of the above, the maximum liability to you on the basis of recognised QUORA loss or harm to you in connection with this agreement, have suffered or QUORA on the sum to QUORA in connection with the in the twelve (12) Quora-plattform months before the action has been paid. HAFTUNGSAUSLÖSENDEN
Some jurisdictions allow no restrictions of tacit or the exclusion of liability for means of certain types of damage.
As a result, the above restrictions and exclusions for you are not satisfied, and partially or entirely the previous post (c), sections 8 8 (d) and 8 (e) meetings at inhabitants of new jersey in the mass, as not to damage to these residents of new jersey, the result of,, or wilful QUORAS FAHRLÄSSIGEM ARGLISTIGEM. LEICHTFERTIGEM error
Compensation
You willigst, in all actions and costs (third Quora-instanzen including) for value to keep zumutbarer Anwaltskosten to compensate and to defend the emerge from or associated with your use of: (i), (ii) your content, Quora (iii) your behavior or your interactions with other users of, or (iv) your Quora breach of any part of this agreement.
We shall have you immediately of any such case inform and you on your dough) in the defence against this action appropriate support available.
You don't mind us participation in such a defence and will such a claim does not without our prior written consent settle.
We reserve the right, at its own expense the exclusive to take on any defence affairs in your: Entschädigungsbereich
In this case, you're not further committed to us in this case to defend.
Settlements
This agreement and any action which is due to your use of is covered by the law of the Quora state of california without regard to or use of conflicts between legislation of your country or country of your residence.
Unless you like an arbitration tribunal the following clause is to be included, or processes that all actions brought legal proceedings from your use of emerge only in santa clara county, Quora, california, negotiated and you but jurisdiction and the jurisdiction and to renounce any conflict because if jurisdiction.
All claims for (with the exception of any claims for omission and fair) under this agreement, to discharge the total amount of the required less than $ 10,000 is granting discharge can choose the dispute with demanding party on the basis of a binding arbitration to clarify. failure
The party that such a selects must by means of the arbitration tribunal established a supplier (" alternative dispute resolution " alternative dispute resolution, on which the adr) initiate parties have agreed.
The Adr-anbieter and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) the telephone, online are held to arbitrations and / or is based solely on, as the written contributions has been determined by the party has taken; (b) the arbitration arbitration should not by the parties or witnesses provide for personal appearance, except when both parties agreed; and (c) any judicial decision to award a log under the may in any court of competent jurisdiction arbitration procedure are submitted.
General conditions
Changes to these conditions.
We can take this agreement (including all directives, such as the data protection directives, the directive on the appropriate use and, in this Urheberrechts-richtlinie Marken-richtlinie agreement with included at any time, and only in our own discretion to change.
Essential conditions if we in this agreement, it is such a change, effectively annexes after we you a notification of the revised agreement have sent.
Such notification shall be made only in our judgment, and the notification could be, for instance by e-mail as note on Quora or by other means.
You make the agreement and our most important directives at any time available here.
Your omission of termination or the termination of the use of your user account and after the receipt of the notification of changes Quora is your agreement of the amended conditions.
If you agree with the amendments not or with any of the conditions in this agreement, is the only remedies termination or termination of the use of a user's account of your. Quora
Governing law and jurisdiction.
Quora you'll think so that in the united states is operated and alone than in california resident, and as a service for the purpose of passive judicial inquiry.
Complaints for which arbitration for all is not applicable, would you agree that such complaints in a competent court established in the federal, state santa clara county, california, and raised the laws of the state of california and federal law subject to without regard to conflicts between legislation.
Use outside the united states.
Quora explicitly rejected any responsibility or guarantee that all applicable laws and regulations Quora outside the united states.
Quora if you outside the united states uses, do you understand that you alone but explicitly and responsible for the different laws, regulations or are associated with your practice comply with use of true. Quora
Exports.
Quora is our american offices in california controlled and operated.
The Quora software is subject to the american export controls.
No Quora software or otherwise may be exported or downloaded in violation of applicable laws or re-exportiert regulations.
You get to that you don't live in a country (1), the united states government that an embargo is subject, or by the united states government as a " terrorism " land designated and supportive (2) on a list of the us government with banned or restricted parties are listed.
Applications and mobile.
Quora if you on a apply to, do you recognize that Quora zugreifst this agreement only between you and is not with any other Quora or (such as apple inc., or Anwendungs-dienstanbieter Anwendungs-plattformanbieter google inc.), which you use available, subject to their own conditions of use may be available.
Volume according to the use of your with a mobile device, the standard Quora costs, and other fees incurred. data rates
Last.
Last conduct the following provisions or the end of this memorandum: section 2 (e) (end), 2 (g) (feedback), section 3 (your content), 4 (a) sections-(b) and (d)-(f) (our content and materials), section 8 (and restrictions), section 9 (Haftungsausschlüsse compensation), section 10 () and section 11 (general conditions settlements).
Note to users in california.
1789.3 california state in accordance with section of the civil code, the following specific reference to consumer rights, internet users known to: is available, inc., Quora Quora made based in mountain view, california.
If you a question or a complaint on Quora have contact, please support Quora @ quora.com.
Established citizens may in california department of consumer affairs consumer information division under market blvd., in 1625.
Suite s-202, sacramento, california, united states, or by telephone under reach 95834 number (916) or (800) or for 952-5210 445-1254 (800) or hearing-impaired in Schreibtelefon 326-2297 (916) Schreibtelefon 322-1700.
State end-users.
Each Quora software and related documents are " business " after the definition of the term in article 48, consisting of " commercial c.f.r. § 2,101 " and ", " commercial software Computersoftware-dokumentation use of such terms as in 48 (c.f.r. or 48 (227.7202 (c.f.r. 12.212 where applicable).
C.f.r. 12.212 § in accordance with 48 or 48 § (where applicable on 227.7202-1 c.f.r.) are the commercial 227.7202-4 computer software and commercial for american state authorised: (end-user Computersoftware-dokumentation (i) only as a business; article and (ii) only with the rights, which all other be granted in accordance with this agreement. end-users
Transfer.
You must this agreement (or any your rights or any your obligations under this agreement not without our prior written consent or transferred; every attempt to assign allocation or transfer without recourse to the above is invalid.
We can fully this agreement to or transferred.
This agreement is for the benefit of and is binding on the parties and their respective legal representatives, successor and duly authorised.
Electronic communications.
You tell you agree, communications from us in accordance with those agreements and applicable law should be given.
You recognize and that all the agreements, but evidence, information and other communications by electronic means, we have given all the legal conditions to be met, that such notifications by post must take place.
Full Trennbarkeit / agreement.
This agreement replacing all previous agreements, discussions and conditions, with regard to documents forms the entire agreement between you and Quora and us in relation to those services, the a (excluding Quora separate written agreement with us, in addition to this agreement require).
In case that a provision in this agreement as unenforceable is considered this provision does not affect the enforceability of the terms of this agreement, the remaining its full force and effect to keep.
Interpretation.
Interpretation regarding the interpretation or the terms of this agreement: (i) the headings in this agreement there are only for reasons of expediency and should not be taken into account and (ii) there is no reason to believe that they in favour either of the parties is as a result of function in formulating this of the legal adviser agreement.
Communications.
All notices required or permitted under this agreement, unless this agreement not otherwise expressed must be submitted in written form as follows, in order to be valid: (i) where we are to you, then by e-mail to the address with your is linked, and (ii) Nutzerkonto if from you to us, then on legal @ Quora.com.
Communications regarded as (a) to you, if granted when they are sent by e-mail and (b) if to us, then upon receipt of us.
Relationship.
This agreement create any joint venture, or other form of partnership, Agenturverhältnis joint venture between you and us.
Otherwise expressed as far as this, none of the parties the right to the power or authority, any form of obligation or task, explicitly or implicitly, on behalf of the other party to be justified.
Waiver.
The absence of a provision does not apply when further or continuing absence this provision or any other provision.
Our failure, a law or a provision under these agreements to assert, shall not be considered waiving such a right or such a provision.
Further assurances.
You willigst signing a written copy of the agreement and any other documents and to measures, but at our expense, to take the questions to overcome the intentions to confirm this agreement and to carry out and all your rights and obligations under this agreement.
Contact.
You can do us at any time in contact, if you ask / contact de.quora.com these and use are. agb
Quora is a registered in delaware company based in the castro street, suite 450, 650 mountain view, california, united states. 94041
