Conditions
As of 19 may 2018.
Welcome.
These conditions shall enter into force between you and the rovio entertainment corporation, address, 02150 espoo, finland, keilaranta 7 (" ") in relation to your rovio use of games, and websites, forums for discussion offered rovio related services (" services ").
Use of those services is similarly the you from data protection directives under the link rovio can understand and as part of this usage conditions applicable: https: / / www.rovio.com / privacy.
For persons resident in the united states of america are these conditions of use in article 8 a clause to binding arbitration, as well as to surrender to your right to redress dispute settlement.
If you live in the united states, then this clause please read carefully.
Except where you to withdraw () and with the exception of certain species opt-out is litigation as described in article 8 of this, would you agree that any disputes between you and by means of binding mediation be settled, individual rovio.
You renounce your right you a class-action lawsuit or join. Sammelschlichtung
The requirement to use the services is the acceptance of these conditions of use.
These conditions, do you accept if you at that time that you 13 years of age or older are.
Between 13 and 17 years old when you're or for other reasons, are not entitled to agreements like this, do you think your address conditions guardian or read and with them the terms of use Erziehungsberechtigter has agreed.
If you our services or otherwise, uses on you this. you accept conditions zugreifst
This conditions when you realize, you can not make use of the services or otherwise access them.
Provided by a customs service or part of the otherwise indicated, the services are free of charge to use or made available for download.
Content however, you can have you allow payment services to make purchases within this.
Social-networking-seite if you on a (sns) on the services like facebook, would you agree the terms of use zugreifst this side as well as the conditions of use comply with this.
Rovio can regulations on specific parts of the additional services (including but not limited to this forums, competitions, games or). Bonusprogramme
Your right to use the services is subject to the relevant regulations and the conditions of use.
1 right to use the services
Rovio granted in accordance with those you with the conditions of use, not exclusive non-transferable, not restricted, and the licence, right unterlizenzierbare the services to private, non-commercial purposes to use.
You rights granted are dependent on your compliance with these terms of use.
Except above you gain no further licences.
All right, title and shares in these services remain, including but not limited rovio reserved to all copyright, trademarks, trade names, property rights, business secrets, title, audiovisual effects issues Maschinencodes characters, stories, dialogues, backgrounds, Charakternamen art works, records of the game, musical sound effects during the use of moral rights, services, regardless of whether they are registered or not.
This also applies to their respective use.
Where according to current legislation not expressly permitted is allowed the services regardless of the type and manner and the medium without the prior written approval by rovio either in full or in parts of out.-or copied,
Rovio reserves all rights to you this not explicitly to be granted.
The services and their content shall be licensed, not sold.
You tell you agree, no rights or in relation to the content to own title in the services appear, including, but not limited to virtual objects or in the currency or services originate from them appear regardless of whether they within the services obtained or for sale or third were acquired. rovio
Purchases within the services.
Rovio virtual goods, which you receive certain may as part of the benefits and services to or through the maintaining or acquire Echtgeld can redeem (" virtual Spielmechaniken objects.
Virtual objects are for you on a limited, personal, non-transferable basis, not, and are only licensed unterlizenzierbaren widerrufbaren for non-commercial use.
Rovio virtual objects may at any time and without prior warning manage control, modified or erased.
Virtual transfer shall be prohibited, except for the goods in cases where it in the service explicitly allows.
Virtual objects have no equivalent equivalent in and are not as a substitute for Echtgeld Echtgeld.
Neither rovio nor any other natural or legal person shall be required, virtual objects against something of value for.
Rovio does not assume any liability if virtual objects or lost hacked.
Availability virtual price and that do not require prior notice subject to changes objects.
Law all purchases and objects in the final and virtual Einlösungen services not rückerstattbar.
You bestätigst and that the fact that the willigst provision of virtual goods for use within the services for a process, which immediately with the purchase starts, and that you your right to cancel, once the process has begun. verwirkst
Survey do you agree that rovio is not obliged to for whatever reason for virtual objects to make. reimbursement
You bestätigst, moreover, that you no money or other compensation for spare virtual, irrespective of whether the goods get your licence under these conditions of loss was voluntarily or otherwise.
Cancellation if you your personal data in accordance with the data protection directives, you'll lose all your of rovio beantragst permanently without right to reimbursement, virtual objects such as virtual objects with you no longer rovio link.
Codes of conduct.
You'll think so that you under any circumstances,
Cheats exploits, directly or indirectly,,,, or Automatisierungssoftware bots hacks, other unauthorized third mods that developed software uses, in the services or to intervene to change it.
Through the use of force against laws or legislation is services.
Services for economic purposes is, including, but not limited to advertising, publicity, transfer any commercial messages as spam, or other plans for rapid, Kettenbriefe Schneeballsysteme making money.
Fraudulent abusive purposes or services for, including but not limited to uses to you as a natural or legal person or other means to spend your relationship with a natural or legal person or the services wrong?
Unterbrichst disturb the normal operation of the service, or otherwise adversely affected or you on the way are the experience of other users in the use of services negatively affected.
Computer server or or or the disruption or disturb überlastest computers, servers or congestion used the help services offer or.
Trying unauthorised access to the services, may, the accounts or to the other users computers, networks, with the services or servers are connected by means other than by rovio made available, in particular by user interface to obtain or circumvent or modify safety management successful versuchtes, technologies, equipment or software encryption part of services; you must also third do not help them incite or.
Information content or other material or links to publish the information or content, or excessive violence on the content, nudity, do the offensive, obscene,, racist, sexist, libellous and defamatory religionsfeindlich or by any other way are reprehensible.
Continuously störendes behaviour, such as show by repeated publishing information. unaufgefordertes
Other individuals or groups (including employees, managers and Rovios Verwaltungsmitgliedern), or Kundendienstmitarbeitern belästigst or this or that try schädigst beschimpfst address or damage of that or to insult befürwortest anstiftest.
Services material or on the information available to do against copyright, trademarks, patents, business secrets, or other rights of a personal rights, Öffentlichkeitsrechte natural or legal person or breach intended as a person other, including but not limited to spend, employees, or leaders of rovio Verwaltungsmitglieder.
Versuchst- unless you are explicitly to the services, by law, to dekompilieren berechtigt-, or picks; or reconstruct disassemble or security measure or submitted or Verschlüsselungstechnologien processed or stored data to overcome or rovio to obtain; or not explicitly approved methods to use, rovio for information by the services.
Login or other or other personal data of users of credentials services or try. erfragst checked
Information on or in relation to other users of the services or gain, including but not limited to sammelst the use of cookies, or similar objects is, Zählpixeln, sometimes also called (.) means spyware Spionagesoftware
Private information on the services of other persons publish.
Including personal data, regardless of whether they identity / as text, video image or), or for personal identification documents have been made to financial information.
Acts unternimmst after contrary to idea or to view Rovios, or the intention of the services are inadequately do. Rovio-kundendienst
Contributions by third parties.
In services can be involved (including links to contributions by third parties, but not limited to, by third parties) and / or are advertising ausgespielte you on the contributions by third parties services available.
These services include the record and parts, the link with social media or Spielabläufen advertising.
These services are subject to the respective terms and conditions of third parties.
Please read the terms of use third closely, as they an agreement between you and the Drittdienstleister justified.
Rovio enter this agreement not a party.
Accounts and login.
Certain elements of services allow you, to draw up an account or you in other ways in which service to register (" "). account
May asked you're a password for your account credentials should be used to select or other in your bank access (" ") that you'll think so login information relative to your not pass weitergibst or third will allow authentication data, your or your account to use credentials
You alone are responsible for the confidentiality login information and for their use, including purchases).
Rovio would assume that someone who is on your account with your: either you or to login a third person, you have given permission to register.
Rovio reserves the right to your account if you delete the account at least 180 days in a row are used.
It may happen that you do not have access to the virtual objects have more linked to the account are, and they can no longer use.
You will in this case no reimbursement.
Nutzerbeiträge.
Some services allow you building content, including but not limited to cards from the game, characters, or videos (together " screenshots of your Spielerlebnisses. Nutzerbeiträge
In exchange for you to use the services, must show this not exclusive, permanent, rovio, irreversible, fully transferable lizenzgebührenfreie and rights and licences to your Nutzerbeiträgen unterlizenzierbare worldwide in every way and for any purpose, including, but not limited to the right of reproduction, copy, adaptation, modification, demonstration, presentation, publication, broadcast, or any other type of transfer public dissemination with all current or future resources.
Treat rovio also the right to your communication or remuneration of you without Nutzerbeiträge away.
Unless law expressly forbidden to give you all the requests to moral rights, authorship publication, reputation or in relation to the use of your ascribed by rovio or other players in conjunction Nutzerbeiträge with the services and related goods and services under the applicable law.
This authorisation of a licence to and the rejection of all applicable rovio moral rights remains after termination away. these conditions
Rovio Verwaltungsmitglieder, managers and employees, its accept or not taking of ideas or products (e.g. unsolicited submissions or gambling, stories, Screenplays, art, Produktideen musical or audiovisual works, or other concepts) in any format and creative material by any type of transfer (" "). unsolicited content
Please pass no such content, its, unsolicited rovio employees. managers or Verwaltungsmitgliedern
Einreichst unsolicited content if you follow us, would you agree that they should not be treated as confidential, regardless of the information which you do. in your letter
You but continue to that such unsolicited content of used and can be used without rovio that you or a right to remuneration. third
Show lasting, not to rovio exclusive, irrevocable, fully paid, and (partly or entirely lizenzgebührenfreie unterlizenzierbare) transferable licence, unsolicited content to use global recovered, to reproduce, to transfer to complement and to show; and in all current and future media for any purpose, and unsolicited content to produce works derived.
7 communication between users of services
Rovio is not responsible for the behavior of users of the services and assumes no liability for the monitoring of services in terms of content or inappropriate behaviour.
Rovio is not all content and behaviour of users or monitored. pre-filtering
You use the services at their peril.
Through the use of services can it be that you will, the content or conduct suspended or otherwise against your are insulting or improper values rejected.
Rovio technology can to your interactions with the services and your communication on the use of services (including, but not limited to Chattexte) and / or to monitor shall be recorded.
You but this monitoring and recording irrevocably.
Willigst according to you, you're not in relation to the transmission of content privacy within the services, including but not limited to expect, or verbal messages Chattexte.
Rovio reserves the right, at their discretion and without notice and without reason or any reason from the users of services available content to check to monitor to ban, modify or delete or access to them to block or otherwise to stop their availability.
If rovio at any time, at their discretion decides to monitor, is in rovio services by users of the responsibility for content services.
Rovio is also not obliged to inappropriate to change or remove content
8 binding arbitration / waiving of redress
If you citizens of the united states of america or are in the united states of america claims to do but you explicitly rovio claimed that all legal rights, litigation or other differences of opinion between you and resulting from the services to rovio or with these associated, including but not limited to disagreement as to the application, or validity of the provisions of these conditions or enforceability of data protection directives of (" together "), rovio disputes through an, binding arbitration procedure before a confidential the american arbitration association (economic Schiedsgutachter " aaa ") be decided before a court and not, as described in.
Mediation subordinate to the aaa and, unless the Wirtschaftsschiedsgerichtsordnung they considered the applicable Schiedsgutachter mhz (" together for litigation Zusatzverfahren rules and procedures.
You bestätigst that you knowingly your right to a voluntary and by a jury trial firm or other proceedings before a state or federal court verwirkst.
Schlichtungskosten payment of is by the aaa, if you don't regulated Gebührenplan can demonstrate that your share compared to the cost of proceedings is unacceptable.
Rovio Schlichtungskosten in such a case is at a level which take your the considers necessary in order to prevent Schiedsgutachter that mediation in comparison to the cost of prohibitive process.
Rovio also reserves the right to all the legal and at their discretion to take over. imposed aaa Schlichtungskosten
Each party agrees to pay their own lawyers ' fees and expenses, unless a legal regime is the payment of lawyers ' fees and expenses of the winning party.
The conciliation procedure can in los angeles, california, at the request or, in the town, which is closest and your residence has a branch, the aaa are carried out.
Such decision shall be final and both for you and binding and can be in any judgment rovio competent court are submitted.
For further information on the aaa, their rules and procedures and how you can, call the aaa Schiedsklage submit to the website of the visits or under 800-778-7879 aaa under www.adr.org.
As exceptions to the binding arbitration and as far as the dispute has one of the following causes:
Rovios violation of any sort of industrial protection and copyright.
Eligible, directly or indirectly from charges of theft, piracy, or an infringement of the illegal use of united states computer fraud and abuse act or section " codes of conduct ' on these, and makes conditions
Any right to fair discharge;
Both parties agree that a party with any court which is responsible for the other party, or an equivalent form of urgent (Unterlassungsansprüche) legal protection can claim.
Also either party may, instead of the arbitration procedure a, provided that the hard before a Einzelklage Bagatellgericht claims in remit of such a tribunal:
After allowable size will all law in disputes in the case, by a binding decision. confidential arbitration
You explicitly do you agree that no other disputes by one or other means with your dispute Sammelschlichtung summarised or onwards.
You rovio and agree that no right and no authority exist to disputes on the basis of simple and continue to apply or to redress that no right Sammelklageverfahren and any powers exist, as representative to consider or a supposedly disputes, in favour of the public over to lawyer or groups, and also is that no arbitration with any other arbitration may be negotiated jointly.
You have the possibility of Schlichtungspflicht resign.
In this case, neither you nor require to participate in mediation rovio from each other.
Rovio that you must within 30 days after the date of retirement on which you first, in writing. this Schlichtungsbestimmung unterliegst
Written resignation of to this address is to send rovio entertainment, for the attention: corporation: legal department, 02150 espoo, finland. keilaranta 7
You have your name and your home and indicate a clear statement that you from this wish. Schlichtungsklausel to
Conciliation to take, you must take this in writing to address: rovio entertainment corporation, at the address: legal department, 7, 02150 espoo, finland and keilaranta conciliation, stating your claim for unemployment.
Rovio is 30 days before changes to the clause " binding arbitration / waiving of " in the services or on other collective redress, due to a similar. similar announcement
Amendments entered into force and apply on the 30th day after the only to claims prospectively 30 day emerge.
9. suspension or termination following an infringement deinerseits
Without limit, this alternative means of redress available reserves rovio rovio the right, with or without notice to you the following measures individually or in combination, to assume that if you against these conditions of rovio is: (i) cancellation, blocking and / or change your account or parts of your account; (ii) restriction, blocking and / or end of your access to the services; (iii) to amend and / or distance your virtual objects; (iv) Zurücksetzung and / or modification or your advantages and privileges, as your Spielfortschritts, for example, the level or in the service you score reached.
Availability of services.
Rovio may in certain circumstances the services all or part limit and technical and legal lock or stop implement measures in order to prevent users to access services if assume that they pose a risk rovio, to a possible legal liability lead and copyright protection or not in accordance with those hurt third standing. Nutzungsbestimmungen
Rovio reserves the right at any time, supply and / or the support services to cease all or part of (e.g. a game or a given in the game mechanics).
Ends at that time your license to use the service or a portion of the service automatically.
In such a case, and unless otherwise regulated, or other objects, with the virtual rovio such services linked, not reimburse set.
Disclaimer.
In lawful framework, the services without you and guarantee representation or carried on without Mängelgewähr any kind provided.
Deficiencies can occur and you use the services at their peril.
Rovio does not assume any explicit or implicit, legal guarantees, including guarantees for nature, uninterrupted use, tacit (including but not limited to data accuracy), satisfactory quality, performance, location data suitable for a particular purpose, of third party rights and warranties; any Nichtverletzung resulting from commercial practices or commercial practice operators. Nutzungsgewohnheiten
Rovio does not guarantee that you can use the services that the services your undisturbed, that the establishment of service requirements without interruption and without is maintained that the services with other services or work compatible with them, or that are in the service occurring errors be corrected.
An oral or written advice from his staff or agents does not, rovio guarantee.
Some systems allow such as listed above not. Haftungsausschlüsse
Therefore meet the above conditions may not to you.
Apply instead in such systems the abovementioned only in the legal systems in these per Haftungsausschlüsse law allowable size.
It can also that you in the legal system applicable additional legal rights have for you.
Nothing conditions set out in these, the legally guaranteed, as a customer of rights injured you service could have.
The limit of liability.
Rovio is in no way liable for concrete, or indirect damage resulting from resulting in passing, access to the use or the malfunction of the services is, including but not limited to, property damage, loss of commercial value, and, in the legally permitted or Gerätedefekte -störungen scope, compensation for, property damage, loss of profits or personal injuries arising from fines resulting Klagegründen directly or indirectly in relation to these conditions or the services are, regardless of whether they tort / delict (including negligence), contract, or otherwise arise or whether rovio Kausalhaftung on the possibility of creating such damage has been informed.
In accordance with article
Rovios licensor " 12 " and other partners, the limitation of liability as the listed and they can this Drittbegünstigte Haftungsbegrenzungen against you assert. conditions
Rovios liability, directly or indirectly from this, or the services is conditions of use, data protection directives no case be higher than: (i) of any actual price you for the license to use virtual objects paid, or (ii) a hundred euro (€) 100.00.
Exclusion limit damages and are fundamental elements of the agreement between rovio and you.
Some systems allow certain as the above not. Haftungsbegrenzungen
Therefore meet the above conditions may not to you.
Apply instead in such systems the abovementioned only in the legal systems in these per Haftungsbegrenzungen law allowable size.
It can also that you in the legal system applicable additional legal rights have for you.
Nothing conditions set out in these, the legally guaranteed, as a customer of rights injured you service could have.
You willigst, (and management, board members, rovio Rovios representative, subsidiaries, joint ventures and non-manual workers) of any claim, claims for damages or other losses (including appropriate) and value to keep Anwaltskosten exempt from third parties be invoked and resulting from the use of the services or a breach of the conditions of operators.
Aforementioned does not, however, if the right not to your third intentional or negligent.
13 copyright and digital millennium copyright act (dmca)
If you think are that the services or to their content, then please send your copyright injured notifying rovio entertainment corporation, legal department,: 7, espoo, finland or keilaranta 02150 by e-mail to: legal @ rovio.com.
Communications to the given address sending is registered Rovios Dmca-vertreter.
Please attach all of the following information: in your Dmca-mitteilung
Give the work whose copyright was injured.
If your communication on several works relates, you can a representative list of examples mitschicken.
Call this material from which you think copyright is violated, including a description, where such material is to be found.
Your description must accurate enough to rovio is one of the material to be provided.
Give your full name, your, your telephone number and e-mail address (if available) your e-mail address.
Your Dmca-mitteilung must include the following statement:
" I am convinced that the use of the material neither by the holder of the copyright law, an authorised representative or legislation was approved.
I certify that the information in this are correct and to that oath. Dmca-mitteilung i am the holder of the copyright or the power to act on behalf of the am Urheberrechtsinhabers. "
Please note that you knowingly wrong information about it, that a material or a a right justified under 17 u.s.c. activity (f) 512 (including for damage and other costs, the us or Anwaltshonoraren our users create) can be held liable.
If you're not certain whether the material or the activity that you tip against applicable law, you should contact a lawyer, before a communication to rovio is.
14 links to products and services third
Rovio can command the services to websites or services third link.
You are aware that no assurances in terms of content, rovio goods or services as by those third provided and that this third not supported. rovio
Rovio is also to you not responsible for losses or damages are caused by these third.
You are responsible for all costs incurred in connection with these third you emerge.
You are aware that, for all the data available do you this third which (if any) this third apply data protection directives, and that the data protection directives for such data provided by rovio from you have no validity.
15 amendments to these conditions
Notwithstanding.
8 binding arbitration / " waiving ' can this due to new conditions of redress rovio legal, technical or economic developments uncommon updated.
Is an update of these conditions of use, according to the relevance of the of rovio is rovio changes take appropriate measures to get you into the services or by other means, on the amendments to be made.
If you keep on our services or it uses after the update zugreifst entered into force, but the validity of the updated. you conditions
Law.
You in the united states of america located in addition to article 8 above this subject to conditions of use (" binding arbitration / waiving of the laws of the state ") also collective redress, and applicable, notwithstanding the provisions of Kollisionsrechts Bundesgesetzen.
When you have your residence outside the united states of america did, would you agree that any dispute between you and the laws of finland, regardless of the is subject to rovio. provisions of Kollisionsrechts
You but you that all claims or complaints against solely by a in espoo, finland rovio incorporated court ruled.
If the legal system of the country where your residence have prevent this provision as regards the law applicable to rovio can restrict this to your right to conditions based. not your residence rights applicable
17 sale, severability and overall agreement
Rovio conditions, this whole or in parts at any time and without your consent to another natural or legal person).
Rovio do without the prior written consent by any rights or obligations under those conditions or dismissed or transferred. the data protection directives
Assignment or transfer by you is any unauthorised null and void.
Should any provision in these conditions of use or not, will be enforceable invalid such a provision necessary in at least restricted or abolished.
Conditions without prejudice to the other provisions of this and are still in effect.
If rovio a right or any provision in these claims, this does not apply not conditions as giving to the law or the determination.
These conditions and provide the overall agreement between you and data protection directives in relation to the services and rovio solve all previous agreements and understandings between you and off. rovio
Rovio if one of these rights it in this entitled does not exercise or conditions of use, this is not as not to enforce the implementation of this law.
The non-imposition of such rights shall be valid only if it is in writing, and must be signed by an authorised representative Rovios.
If you have questions about these conditions, please contact @ rovio.com. support
