Conditions for the website of ryanair group
1. general
The owner of those website is, the irish company, ryanair dac registration number.
104547 ryanair dublin office, Airside business park, swords, co. dublin, ireland (" ryanair ').
By using this website that they are agreed that they legally linked to the conditions of use this in line with these act.
You agree, in particular in accordance with paragraphs 3 to 5 banned below to refrain from acts.
This conditions if they not agree with them is the use of the website not allowed you agree, and to refrain from such use.
Exclusive Online-vertriebskanal.
This website is the only website for sale flights by the group (including ryanair ryanair, ryanair, uk and dac sun ryanair are alone or in connection with Laudamotion other benefits, involving other services is justified.
Preisvergleichs-websites ryanair can to to conclude a written that such websites sought license agreement allowed on the information provided by the group at prices ryanair flights and airlines flight solely for access Preisvergleichszwecken.
Maximum use.
Do this website, not only for private use commercial purposes.
Using automated systems software, regardless of whether this or from third parties or otherwise be operated for extracting data from this website for commercial purposes (screen Scraping is strictly forbidden.
Ryanair reserves the right to a breach of this website to take appropriate measures, including the introduction of legal proceedings without prior notice.
. All existing rights reserved to the permitted to ensure and / or a use to prevent unauthorised use.
Ryanair reserves the full right to all the parties to the breach of its website are involved and without giving prior notice all deemed necessary to take measures to defend their rights and to prevent such unauthorised use, including the use of the even the implementation of automated (Sperrtechnologien search on the websites of these parties may include and screen Scraping in these pages, the cause of screen Scraping on the by these parties, breaches of the Ryanair-website terms and conditions of websites or similar or related actions of these parties) and / or of the prosecution.
Ryanair agreement of 5 for the investigation of infringements.
Ryanair reserves the right to complete all necessary investigations of infringements (be it or otherwise) against these technologiegestützt conditions of use shall be conducted.
With access to that website do you explain agree that ryanair conduct all necessary investigations may, in order to prevent unauthorised use of the website.
Intellectual property.
All information, data and material on this website, including name, logo, schedules, prices etc., and the color scheme and the layout of the copyright, the trademark law, by Webseitesind the Datenbankschutzrecht and / or other laws relating to the protected by intellectual property.
Do this content only in so far as to use private, non-commercial purposes is essential.
Any other use and / or reproduce the content is without the prior written consent of ryanair is an infringement of these prohibited, and the rights of ryanair can conditions relating to intellectual property hurt.
7 left on this.
Without the prior written consent of ryanair they are not eligible, left on this website and / or to set up.
Limitation of liability.
Ryanair shall not be liable for losses and / or damage resulting from the use of this website or any other web site on which a link this website and / or points from the use of each contained information costs.
Governing law and jurisdiction.
It is a prerequisite for the use of each group, including the website of the ryanair access to information on flight data that each party, costs, etc. the sole and exclusive competence of the courts of the republic of ireland and the application of the laws in this jurisdiction subject (subject to mandatory provisions). other required for consumer
This includes all parties in his own name or on behalf of other information or access to such facilities.
Is at the sole discretion of ryanair, for breaches of these conditions proceedings against the corresponding party with the to jurisdiction in ireland, the optional country where the breach of contract has taken place, or at the seat of the relevant party or on several parties on seat of a party, with the other parties that responsibility.
To better understand it should be noted that, if a passenger or a person or under a transport contract with an airline ryanair was promoted to group or is to be transported, in conjunction with this transport contract proceedings against an airline ryanair group to take solely by the provisions of the agreement of 1999 and the montreal (in the by eu regulation 2027/1997 eu regulation), as amended 889/2002 valid version.
