Please carefully read before the download software or the product or
Products or websites of skype use
Key points
It is important that you read through this document and understood.
But there are some important points which we would like to highlight:
No access to emergency services, the software is no substitute for their normal cell phone. or Festnetztelefon
Particularly you can use the software not calls, apart from the emergency services to discontinuation in very limited circumstances (5.6 this described conditions (only applies to the). Skype-internet-kommunikationssoftware
They must therefore create in order to ensure communications other that they can make calls if necessary.
Check NUTZUNGSEINSCHRÄNKUNGEN of: in some countries there are restrictions on the use of software.
You need to consider whether the software on their premises legally be allowed to use.
No ownership of numbers: if you a (formerly skype Skype-nummer ") or a skype Online-nummer to provide is neither Go-nummer owner of this point, nor do they have a right to keep this item for an unlimited period.
Skype may you made available to the point from time to time, amend or withdraw.
Do Skype-nummer or their to any third party or to skype Go-nummer try to).
Must ensure that they all meet be displayed when Bereitstellungsanforderungen they acquire. Skype-nummer
Otherwise, the number be withdrawn.
Also read (19.1.
Skype-guthaben after 180 days inactive: if you buy, you should ask the fact Skype-guthaben be aware that it will, if they so inactive 180 days did not use.
Also read paragraph 9.2.
Arbitration and waiving (" "): class actions class action if they reside in the us, and " with " (see paragraph 20 phone numbers choose), affect a binding arbitration and the waiver of class actions (" class action "), their rights disputes with skype, affiliated undertakings or third parties including mobile operators to.
Read (20.3 carefully.
Its agreement with skype.
1.1 Internet-kommunikationssoftware of applications of), other skype (" Internet-kommunikationssoftware under the brand name " (" skype software applications "), which together the Skype-software under the brand name " software applications " (") and " Qik Qik-software associated documentation (printed or electronic form) as well as any changes, improvements, repairs, optimizations updates, extensions and future versions of the software (" updates ") are referred to them by skype software made available to sarl not sold) and at regardless of whether the software free of charge or fee is provided (along the " software ").
1.2 functions and products that are made available free of charge on the software (does not apply to products or functions, only to be provided free of charge) (" " Testbasis), are you Gratis-produkte skype software available sarl.
1.3 any other products or functions, or the other or under the Skype-software Qik-software brand name " " or " skype " products for which they displaced Qik pay (including the products and functions only free of charge on available) (" paid Testbasis products '), are prescribed by available. skype communications sarl
1.4 Skype-websites " " refers to, both of which (www.skype.com www.qik.com skype operated) and all other communications sàrl of skype with these conditions authorised websites.
1.5 skype " " refers referred to either on skype software sarl, 23 ­ 29 rives de clausen, luxembourg or sarl, skype communications L-2165 23 ­ 29 rives de clausen, luxembourg L-2165;
" Products ' means the set of paid; and Gratis-produkte
" Them " or " o / e ' refers to it, the holder of the registered as described in paragraph 6.1 (a user's account and licensees under these conditions.
1.6 skype its agreement with consists of the conditions laid down in this document are included as well as from any further in this document specified guidelines for the fair use () and the additional provisions, fair usage referred to in paragraph 14 (along the " conditions ').
Inconsistencies if it between the guidelines for the fair use or this document gives additional provisions and will this document preferred.
2. acceptance of the conditions
2.1 to the software products and / or websites of download and / or to use skype, they must accept this in advance the conditions.
These acceptable conditions, (a) if the conditions by or accept or agree to click (b) if the software, the products and / or the websites of download and / or use skype.
We recommend that you a copy of the present conditions for their documents printed.
These conditions remain from the date of adoption so long in force until it by you or by skype in accordance with paragraph 11 be cancelled.
2.2 you can not accept these conditions if: (a) in the country in which they are or in which they reside legally, are not eligible, the software, the products and / or website to use skype or (b) the statutory minimum age for the closing of a binding agreement with skype have not yet achieved.
2.3 in some countries you products may by a local partner of skype provided.
If that is the case, if the local partner urge that its own local conditions ") (" general terms and conditions to accept.
Inconsistencies if it between the local conditions and these conditions are, the local conditions, as far as the corresponding inconsistency.
Modification of the conditions.
3.1 skype, the present conditions from time to time to change.
Skype, the amendment in / go / tou published. www.skype.com
Amendments to directives for the fair use and / or the additional provisions laid down on the corresponding published Skype-website
The amendments will publication.
Please read conditions regularly.
They understand and acknowledge that express their acceptance of the use of software, the conditions or products and / or the websites of skype after the voting to support the release date is updated conditions.
If they do not agree with the changed conditions, they may her relationship with in accordance with the skype (11) below quit.
Licence.
4.1 license.
As long as they comply with the present conditions, you will a limited but not exclusive, not, not transferable licence for free unterlizenzierbare download and install software on a pc, a mobile phone or any other device shall be granted.
Furthermore do the software on your individual or (" ") Skype- Qik-nutzerkonto (whichever Nutzerkonto) is personally benefit.
To avoidance of doubt it (a) shall, the work for an undertaking, It-administratoren the on pcs or other apparatus and download Skype-software on equipment by employees of the company used to install, and (b) it is lawful for them, the software in a university or any other institution or at work to use.
Skype reserves all rights to them under the present conditions not explicitly.
4.2 restrictions.
They assure the unauthorised actions to refrain from:
(A) rights to the software to third parties, sell, assign to unterlizenzieren rent, to export, import, to lease to expel or to transfer or otherwise to give.
(B) amendment and produce or optimizations, translation, Zurückentwicklung, Derivatprodukten,, decoding, emulation, decompilation disassembly, or attempted searching for the hacks search source or protocols of the software or any part or any of them to function to make to approve or to authorize, with the exception of what law is approved;
(C) communications or other evidence of intellectual property rights in the software are set to remove, to hide or amend;
(D) the software for commercial products or services to use or to cause that the software (or any part of the software) in commercial products and services is used or that the third software for commercial products or services will be provided.
This however it should not discourage the software for its own relations to use, as long as (4.1. above is applied;
(E) the software for purposes other than to download and install to use unless you. on Nutzerkonto
4.3 technology third.
Software if you use on products, hardware, software applications, programmes or equipment, in this third pre-installed or downloaded with you, displaced or embedded combined is used (" technology "), third do you explain agree and recognise that: (a) they may be a separate with the licence agreement or on the use of such Dritteigentümer Drittlizenzgeber technology, (b) third have to close on a number of products and / or functions may be on the third technology can not be accessed and (c) can not guarantee that the skype software at all times on or in connection with such a third technology is available.
4.4 information from third parties.
Software contains code from third parties, under certain circumstances (not) in accordance with the third party has the skype this agreement to you licensed.
References to the code of third, if any, are purely for information).
Skriptdateien from third parties in the software are linked to the software called or from referred by the third parties which have not this code () licensed. they skype
5 the use of software products and the websites of skype
5.1 equipment, in order to be able to use the software and products, require a Internet-breitbandverbindung.
They must all equipment which to access the internet or facilitating communication necessary, such as headset microphones and provide, webcams.
5.2 use their devices: the, the, the memory and Internet-kommunikationssoftware Verarbeitungsfunktionen the bandwidth of the computer (or other appropriate equipment) use use them, for the purpose of facilitating the limited communication and link the users of the Internet-kommunikationssoftware.
Internet-kommunikationssoftware if their use of to use an and a processor, held by a third party range depends are and controlled, and confirm you recognise that your license to use its collection of consent by the respective Internet-kommunikationssoftware to such a use is subject to. third party
You confirm and guarantee the conditions that they accept this by such consent obtained.
5.3 updates to the software: skype can their version of the automatically checked. Skype-software
You may need an updated version of these conditions, so that they accept all updates download or otherwise, could be used.
Skype is not obliged to provide updates.
Skype but may require of them (a) or (download and install updates to (b) the Skype-software can automatically from time to time to download and install updates, unless they have on the settings of your) as that they have no Skype-software-clients automatic updates wish to receive.
Microsoft-updates enabled if you have, it is also possible that the microsoft corporation or partner and subsidiaries automatically updates for the download for windows. Skype-software
These updates are to preserve the necessary, bugfixes or Sicherheitsupdates Software-kompatibilität available and offer new characteristics, functions or versions.
They agree with the reception of such updates of, so that they take skype. continue to use Skype-software
They also state agreed such updates pursuant to these conditions to accept.
5.4 temporary technical improvement and maintenance: repeal, from time to time, possibly at the software, the maintenance skype products or websites of or the underlying infrastructure that skype them to use the software, products or websites of to carry out or these updated. skype
Must skype for their use of a part or in full, the software products or websites of skype, may temporarily withdrawing or restrict until the maintenance and / or the update complete.
In extent possible and unless intervention is urgently needed is skype the date and duration of such temporary suspension or limitation in advance on the website of skype announce.
You do not have, compensation for such temporary suspension or limitation of using software, a product or a website for skype.
5.5 not access to emergency services: neither the products nor the software shall be appropriate for, calls to any kind of hospital management authority, or other type of service, the Krankenpflegeeinrichtung users with a force or (" "), emergency services connect emergency call response centres to support or export.
There are important differences between normal and telephone services products.
You confirm and see: (i) is not required to have access to emergency services skype under all local or, regulations and laws provide (Landesregeln (ii) it is their responsibility, in addition to the conventional products () or wireless mobile to acquire, access to the Festnetz-telefondienste emergency services; and (iii) allow the software and the products are not a substitute for their primary work the phones.
Further information on the emergency telephone number 112, see eu-wide call / go / emergency. www.skype.com
5.6 restricted calls, shall not apply to (excluding Internet-kommunikationssoftware Qik-software)
5.6.1 in a very narrow set of countries and for the sole defined versions of and platforms will attempt, renal Internet-kommunikationssoftware skype calls to is, however, that no commitment as Einzelfunktion in this respect.
Click here to a list of countries (countries) and software and other Notruffähige platforms (") see the limited versions Notruffähige calls by skype. allow emergency services
By skype calls are in no other country or for any other versions or platforms available.
Conventional mobile wireless (you should continue to) or for their calls emergency services and maintain Festnetz-telefondienste the greatly reduced by only as a last resort benefit Notrufmöglichkeiten skype.
Please note in this context also:
(I) electricity, battery can the loss of including Internetverbindungsausfälle Skype-anruffunktion calls lead to emergency services.
Additionally, the below in paragraph 5.9 negative effect on the production of the successful explained Qualitätseinschränkungen combined effect.
Internet-kommunikationssoftware calls (ii) on the (if available) carried out in countries received may not be the same as notruffähigen calls on conventional (mobile wireless network priority) or Festnetz-telefondienste.
(Iii) in the manufacture, they must a connection of an external provider to her whereabouts orally Notrufmitarbeiter, in order to ensure that the right response and located on their emergency services emergency may designate.
Information if they call, you see, not with that it indicate their call may be can not be completed and they do not access to emergency services through Internet-kommunikationssoftware.
Skype assumes no liability in such circumstances to the failed distress call.
Notruffähigen countries and (iv) except in in no offers skype limited versions notruffähigen in other countries or for or in Notruffunktionen connection with products (s) or the use of any platforms, equipment, services or operating systems (including platforms, equipment, products, services or operating systems developed by third parties and the, including use of skype Skype-apis Softwareentwicklungssysteme).
5.6.2 notruffähigen in countries they should limited by your configure Notruffunktion for calls on the side for Standardstandort (if you set her Anrufeinstellungen Internet-kommunikationssoftware for windows version 4.1 or skype from skype for mac os x in version 2.8 benefit).
Will have to ensure that these Standortinformationen are accurate and up-to-date, if their physical address changes.
Skype supported in most countries of the world no calls.
Where supported, you will not restricted calls for implementation of the " calculated and they need to be discontinued. no Skype-guthaben "
If skype in your country but not restricted calls, you should make no attempt to support calls on its, and they agree to conduct Internet-kommunikationssoftware hereby agree not to do so.
If another user with your permission, you used the responsibility is yours Nutzerkonto, these users about the limited circumstances under which restricted calls to inform are available.
5.7 Kommunikationsinhalt: is not the source of skype communications on the content, shall be confirmed or supports the software companies such content.
Skype assumes no responsibility for the content also.
Through the use of software do you explain agree that anything which they enter, to the beneficiary its communication be transferred.
The content of the communication is entirely the responsibility of those from whom such content.
It is therefore possible that they content suspension, offensive, obscene, of illegal, or otherwise. unsittlich beanstandbar
The content of the communication can be protected by intellectual property, the ownership of third parties.
Bear the responsibility for the content they communicate and to whom they through the use of software access.
In particular they shall ensure that they do not set the material (i), copyright by or other property is protected, Handelsgeheimnisse third parties such as data protection and, unless they are music publishing rights of ownership of such rights or have the permission of the legal owner, (ii) false information or misrepresentations contains (iii), offensive, obscene, of unlawful,,,,, rufschädigend libellous do pornographic, spiteful, racist or ethnically offensive belästigend or at a behaviour calls the classed as a crime would a civil liability entails, against a law or otherwise, (iv) advertising or beanstandbar calls for implementation of operations includes or (v) that it was a different person spends.
Skype reserves the right (), but has no obligation to enforce these conditions the content to be checked.
Skype may as part of its efforts to ensure the software products and its customers to protect or otherwise these conditions through, at their sole discretion content of communications block or otherwise remove or whose notification prevented.
Skype at their own discretion is also entitled to remove such content and / or the present conditions and her to terminate if you use content Nutzerkonto against these conditions in any way.
5.8 notification and distance: should that materials skype information website of skype, or on the software (does not apply to their private communications) set upload, edit, hosten, and / or publish (" spread ") are inappropriate or Nutzerbeiträge rights of third parties, or hurt if from any reasons, would like to delete skype Nutzerbeiträge reserves the right to such Nutzerbeiträge skype immediately or within a period of skype in their discretion certain other automatically removed.
Nutzerbeitrag Haftungsanerkenntnis and without the will for any rights, or without prejudice remedies, all of which expressly reserved for objections away.
You confirm and recognise that skype is not obliged to release such Nutzerbeiträge.
If Nutzerbeiträge their rights or if you think that your rights, including intellectual property rights (Nutzerbeiträge) or that they are illegally contact us as soon as you by our procedures for notification and removal followed.
Click here to the procedure for notification and removal show.
Skype reserves the right to ask for a confirmation of its identity and further information to verify their complaints traffic.
They agree that they have sole responsibility for all the consequences resulting from their complaints shown (in particular for the removal or block of), and they recognize and Nutzerbeiträgen agree that any complaint in legal proceedings may be used.
False, misleading or inaccurate information you provide may lead to civil and criminal liability.
5.9 quality: can not guarantee that the skype software products or website at any time, without interruption, skype delays or errors work.
Several factors are the quality of its communication and the use of the software, the products (depending on which products are used) or websites of skype and lead to can affect their communication fails.
In particular, your local area network, their their, the public internet firewall, the public internet service providers and their electricity. 10 Telefonnetzwerk
Skype assumes no responsibility for delays or interruptions by disorder, a failure or a inadequacy of the factors referred to or factors arise, on which we do not control.
5.10 changes to products: skype software and products optimised continuously.
Perhaps it is also necessary, technical functions from time to time to change, for the directives applicable to play.
So you recognise and agree that the products and functions of the software from time to time may vary.
Technical requirements for the use of products and software, as well as a description of the functions may be found on the website of skype.
In changes to the software and the products do not agree, you can have your relationship with in accordance with paragraph 11 skype quit.
You may need a new version download, so that they can use the advantage of certain products.
Also recognize and agree that certain products are subject to restrictions can restrictions of use or geographical from time to time to change.
Skype can be found on the website of the latest details, for that they use restrictions on use products.
5.11 Unverlangte proposals: accepted or not accepted proposals or skype unverlangten ideas, in particular no ideas for new products, technologies, promotion actions, and (" names, Produktfeedback feedback). " Produktverbesserungen Unaufgefordertes
Unaufgefordertes feedback if you through the website of or otherwise to skype send you recognise and skype agree that skype in no way with regard to the confidentiality is required. unaufgeforderten feedback
5.12 contributions: in certain sections of the websites of the software or they may be called on skype in proposals, such as in our submit or report bugs or contributions ") (" Problemberichtsformular contact e-mail.
Read the specific provisions which such contributions, please carefully rules.
Contributions are the property of skype understood.
All known now or later existing rights of those contributions are the exclusive property of skype in the entire universe and for an unlimited duration and skype is entitled to the contributions without a remuneration of for any purpose to use Beitragsanbieters whether commercial or otherwise.
In any case, the contributions you have skype, not as a confidential. send
Skype is not liable for the disclosure of the contributions.
5.13 link: you can rest of a website owned by the website, subject to the condition skype link that it in a way which is legitimate and fair and do our reputation does not harm or benefits.
You must not link shall that he in any form of compound or consent, even though these points by approval skype not.
Do website in a frame on any other website used.
Skype is also under the name " " a choice, flash player " Qik function in your personal, ready to integrate, for non-commercial website on the website of skype, the material under the name " " operated urinal. Qik
Skype is authorised to linking of websites of skype at their own discretion and will at any time withdraw will accordingly be notified.
Their obligations.
6.1 Nutzerkonto.
Before their first use of its first use of must and Skype-software they set up and a Qik-software Nutzerkonto and a password set. Nutzer-id
Password select we recommend the difficult to guess, obtained by letters, digits and symbols.
Do software exclusively on their use. Nutzerkonto
They solely responsible and liable for all activities on their being carried out. Nutzerkonto
Protection unauthorised use we would that you password and not to third parties confidential treatment or it as to websites or services used. third parties access code
If you think that your password a third person is known, they should be there to protect their user account and amended without delay.
They must ensure that they, or other requests for unaufgeforderten credit card details do not comply. Kennwörtern data
Skype does not responsibility if the obligations in this section 6.1 do not comply.
6.2 lawful use: they must have the software, the products and the websites of in accordance with the laws of their location skype use.
In some countries apply restrictions on the use of software, download and the products and / or websites of skype.
You need to consider whether the software, the products and / or the websites of on their premises. legal be allowed to use skype
6.3 prohibited use: it is forbidden,
(A) any communication, which is not intended for them, or to monitor or damage to intercept or amend;
(B) any kind of spider, virus, trojan horses, worm or other codes or manuals to use time bombs, aimed at the software, the products, communication protocols to distort or Skype-websites, delete, damaging to emulate or to disassemble.
(C) any adverse (also " spam, " " communication " or " ') SPIM spit, to send in existing legislation, is not allowed, or the software, products or for pharming or phishing to use or Skype-websites himself as another person to or the relationship with another person, or any other company wrong presented;
(D) any material to suspend the offensive, third party has harmful to youngsters, rude or otherwise, that
(E) the software, products or website to use skype embarrassment, or from threats, harassment or violation of privacy, or causing to cause any third party intend;
(F) any material or content to use (including as part of their Nutzer-id and / or its), the property rights of a third party Profilbildes subject to unless they have a licence or a licence of the owner of the rights;
(G) data from the software, the products or to be collected or collect Skype-website lead to allow a person, including Kontonamen;
(H) the availability of the software, products or with a (e.g. Skype-websites Denial-of-service-angriff) or a (dos) to influence or to Distributed-denial-of-service-angriff Ddos try to influence;
(I) other automated systems, in particular " robots, " " spider, " " " etc., to software offline-readers, products or access, to use or export. Skype-websites
Nevertheless explain yourself agree that skype operators of public the use of search engines to material from the Skype-website Spidern allows for the sole purpose of copying publicly to draw up, Materialindizes durchsuchbare but not for this material or archives caches.
Skype reserves the right to withdraw these exemptions at any time.
6.4 Nutzerbeiträge: act if you please respectful functions or use, such as software Skype-websites forums and blogs, and / or video conferencing, drive, E-mail-funktionen publish or any other function of or about which they Skype-websites Skype-software send content, edit, provide release upload parts or able to publish.
You confirm and see: (i) by use of websites and / or the software of skype, they may be suspended or offensive content them as, and they use the website indecent feel at your own risk; (ii) they are solely responsible for which they create, provide Nutzerbeiträge set or on the websites of skype or through the made public and has them and skype software to third parties no responsibility; (iii) skype does not guarantee the confidentiality of the Nutzerbeiträge, regardless of whether they are published or not; (iv) skype is not responsible for, to which it may be by Nutzerbeiträge usage of the internet or software have access, and all are skype the responsibility of the author of these materials Nutzerbeiträge.
Skype Nutzerbeiträge or does not support expressed in it opinions, recommendations or advice; skype in connection with all is therefore strongly liability to off. Nutzerbeiträgen
Nutzerbeiträge give with regard to their, ab: means the following confirmation assurances
(I) they are owners or holders of the necessary licences, rights, and issue of licences for the use and consents to skype for all, Verwendungserlaubnis Urheberschutzrechte trademarks, patents, or other (intellectual) Handelsgeheimnisse ownership of and to all these conditions, in accordance with Nutzerbeiträgen
(Ii) they have the written authorisation, exemption and / or leave any individual in the name of identifiable Nutzerbeitrag and / or the image of each individual identifiable in to use for this Nutzerbeiträge Nutzerbeitrag to in these conditions recorded and can be used. target,
Do without the express authorisation of the owner no documents, photos, pictures, music, sounds, images and other representations by third parties or sources (" content "), or copy content third set benefit.
It is possible that such content through legislation concerning intellectual property rights of third parties are protected and the owners of intellectual property rights in such content object to their use.
Do content third as authorised by the owner of the intellectual property rights in such content benefit.
Irrespective of any of the additional provisions (as defined below) controlled rights or obligations give every time they skype on the websites or through the software Nutzerbeiträge of skype (does not apply to upload or provide contributions and the content of its communications), automatically not exclusive, global,,,, and permanent unwiderrufbare lizenzgebührenfreie transferable licence for all rights, unterlizenzierbare the to use to edit, Nutzerbeiträge modify, include integrating to record, publicly listed, indicate to transfer and to replicate, especially all related trade marks in any way and, in any context of websites and software and the products of skype, at the present time in all known and developed, and the media at later time points to or for the advertising and Nutzermaterialien Reklamezwecken or part of the new distribution of total websites and / or software or products using skype.
Hereby grant you also all users and / or of the software or the Skype-website products of an exclusive licence to call their skype via the website and / or the Nutzerbeiträge software or the products and use skype, reproduction, distribution, production work, display, performance and derived transfer of these, insofar as on the functioning of Nutzerbeiträge website and / or software or the products of and in accordance with those permits. skype conditions
Also not in the extent possible under the applicable law in any " moral rights " to the. Nutzerbeiträgen
Do via the website or software not submit or publish skype Nutzerbeiträge offensive,,,, spiteful, libellous pornographic privacy, damaging belästigend abusive, racist, illegal, obscene, offensive or for a minor are harmful or an impairment of intellectual property rights or a third party or otherwise Handelsgeheimnissen constitute the rights of third parties or violate civil or can be prosecuted.
Do Nutzerbeiträge submit or publish also no false information or misrepresentations, a request for funds or services include advertising or programmes include, spam, or any other application Junkmail contain a false Kettenbriefe identity indicate or programmes with viruses or other include programmes which may affect the functionality of a computer.
Undertake no website or the users of the software skype in connection with its Nutzerbeiträgen for commercial purposes at all times.
Undertake the functions of the website or software not to circumvent to disable skype or otherwise to disrupt; this also applies to the use of content functions which prevent or limit.
6.5 skype: it can their information from time to time for information for the provision of software or the products here.
They must ensure that this information complete, up-to-date and accurate.
6.6 no resale.
Software and the products are for individual use by you designed.
Do software and / or the products not pass or sell commercialise.
6.7 restrictions: the software can be subject to conditions the international exports of software rules.
You must all applicable international and national law on the software, as well as applicable, and by Endnutzer- Endnutzungs- Zielbeschränkungen or similar services, as well as federal imposed restrictions on under embargo standing nations.
The Internet-kommunikationssoftware is in the united states the export administration regulations (ECCN 5d992 Exportbestimmungen-" ear) in accordance with registration number (ren) encryption and must therefore from the united states not R100351 exported or or of persons to be downloaded rückexportiert in countries are by the ear from controlled, including iran, north korea Anti-terrorismus-gründen, cuba, syria, and sudan.
Internet-kommunikationssoftware regardless of location the should also not from a natural or legal person in sanctions falls from the united states exported, or be downloaded. rückexportiert
Www.bis.doc.gov Complianceandenforcement / / see and shall make skype. Liststocheck.htm Ear-teil 736 this software for download available only on condition that they confirm that they are not such a person or entity, and that the download and penalties hurt. no Us-exportkontroll-
Property rights.
7.1 software, the products and the websites of skype and confidential information which contain own by intellectual property rights and agreements are protected.
7.2 any content and to the compilations of content are (not applicable for Nutzerbeiträge Skype-websites), such as sound, text, graphics, logos, symbols, images, digital downloads and software are Tonmaterialien the property of skype, its related companies and are by american and international or licensors copyright laws protected.
Such copyrighted content can without the express approval of skype not be reproduced.
Nutzerbeiträge you can download and personally, and not to benefit if this commercial www.qik.com with a link to download Nutzerbeiträge " or a similar link have been assigned.
Skype reserves all rights not expressly on the websites of skype.
7.3 skype and / or its remain the sole owner of the software, licensor the products and the websites of skype and all intellectual property rights to (regardless of whether the intellectual property rights in any country entered or not).
Do not do anything that the intellectual property rights of at the software, the products and skype / or websites of risk limits or impaired. skype
7.4 skype, " " logo and the corresponding brands and " logo of brands are's skype.
Skype has in many countries worldwide applications entering its brands made.
Skype appearance of brands and shall in no way associated with other, not of products or services used materials skype clients and likely to be confused in any form or what skype or disparaged bringing into disrepute.
All published trade marks, not on this website owned by skype or any of its affiliated companies are property of their respective owners.
Do trademarks, marche, logos, and other names or marks, the domain name intellectual property from skype (partly or entirely) containing or the intellectual property of skype similar to register or benefit neither confusing.
Additional information on the use of trade marks of the company are below. the Skype-markenrichtlinien
Fees
8.1 calls and contract with Skype-guthaben: telephones Sonderrufnummern
Calls Festnetztelefone (i) and mobile phones: the costs to be paid for calls telephones (outside) consist of a subscription (single charge per call) and Verbindungsgebühr a (see www.skype.com / go / Minutentarif) together. allrates
All calls will be after a period of four hours, interrupted and the number must be elected.
In election is an additional. Verbindungsgebühr
For Sonderrufnummern (ii): the costs to be paid for calls payment consist of a (see Sonderrufnummern Minutentarif). / go / www.skype.com rates-premium
Verbindungsgebühr it is not.
Can skype (iii) tariffs for calls telephones and contract without prior notice at any time to change them Sonderrufnummern by skype such an amendment under / go / is announced. www.skype.com allrates
The new tariff applies to your next purchase after publication of the adjustments.
Please consult on the current tariffs, before you your call operating.
If the new tariffs do not accept your make phone call.
(Iv) the duration of a phone call, the calculated. Minutentakt
Minutenbruchteile are rounded to the nearest minute.
The Verbindungsgebühr may be at the beginning of the call shall be collected.
Call in at the end of charges are rounded to the nearest cent. rounded up Cent-bruchteilen
Example Gesamtgebühr € is: a € 0.04. 0,034 rounded
Be accrued during the call automatically by her in her Skype-guthaben fees deducted. Nutzerkonto
8.2 fees paid for other products: fees for other products are paid them before they indicated a purchase in skype finish.
Skype may for the purchase of such products at any time and without prior warning of fees due change them.
You can purchase of a given product before their next to decide whether they accept the new charges.
The new tariff applies to your next purchase after publication of the adjustments.
8.3 Werbeangebote: skype may from time to time paid products for a free about offer.
Skype reserves the right to fees for such products to normal tariff) to collect, where reasonably decided that skype (for the conditions under which they have a tender is accepted, particularly if you abuse services, or other apparatus or anonymous proxy and not, therefore, we use ip addresses can locate.
8.4 taxes: vat or sometimes skype reserves other indirect taxes at the percentage (in accordance with applicable tax rules) at the time of purchase of Skype-guthaben.
Usually is applicable in luxembourg of 15 %, if they are vat stay in the eu and the products in the eu bought and used.
If they are in switzerland, 8 % are, in certain countries, other swiss vat local taxes.
If you have a ticket or a buy, depending on the country are pre-paid cards 15 %, luxembourg vat or other tax to the local vat, of the value of or be deducted for redemption Gutscheins pre-paid cards.
You hereby expressly waive their right to a of skype, should in the end by Mehrwertsteuerrückerstattung skype to the tax authorities amount for whatever reason will be lower than at the time of purchase of them retained. vat amount
You Skype-guthaben excluding taxes is indicated.
Eu-gebiete in accordance with the following council directive 2006/112 / ec on the common system of vat.
Skype-website users in these areas because the use of this vat exemption does not allow products shall be in these areas: not available, the canary islands, the french overseas departments, athos, channel islands, heligoland; büsingen, åland islands ceuta, melilla, livigno, campione d 'italia and italy the part in waters of lake lugano.
8.5 fees third: for the use of mobile applications software on a part of the under the of them with their Datenfreibetrags mobile subscriber used data package.
Use abroad can lead to much higher costs than in normal use.
You alone are responsible for about roaming and other fees of their potential to inform and to pay. this Mobilfunkanbieters
Payment.
9.1 Skype-guthaben.
For selected products with their paid you can pay. Skype-guthaben
Skype-guthaben over all of you can acquire skype offered payment methods.
The Skype-guthaben they buy, they will, at the time of purchase (or credited to Nutzerkonto if using a ticket for the use, at the time, Skype-guthaben the ticket). the cash
9.2 Skype-guthaben inactive.
If Skype-guthaben her for a period of 180 days not use (including the, which you about a skype Skype-guthabens) is assigned Manager-administrator the status of their on inactive. skype Skype-guthabens
Skype-guthaben you can on following link on the resume: https: / / Kontoübersichtsseite / account /.. again focused secure.skype.com credit-reactivate is not. Skype-guthaben rückerstattungsfähig
If your residence in japan and it is on the earned Skype-website Skype-guthaben shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph is not for you.
Skype-guthaben forfeit your six months after the purchase date.
Skype-guthaben that you do not have on or after the expiry date to use.
9.3 other payment methods.
Skype does not guarantee that you can use to buy products. all Skype-guthaben
Skype-guthaben if you for the purchase of a product can not use is skype them other available. payment method
Skype reserves the right, the available payment methods at their own discretion to remove or amended.
9.4 periodic payments.
When deciding their products as subscription (monthly, every 3 months or yearly depending on the applicability) to buy, and confirm that you recognise that it is recurrent payments, and that payments to skype according to their selected method with the chosen by you recurring intervals skype continued for as long, until the subscription by you or by skype is terminated.
9.5 automatic Aufladefunktion.
Automatic Aufladefunktion (a) the will be automatically enabled if you Skype-guthaben buy.
However would be the mark of corresponding removed. Kontrollkästchen
You Skype-guthaben is with the same amount on the same which they initially in their payment method charged application for automatic have used unless Aufladefunktion change them at a later date on the amount you. Nutzerkonto
Skype-guthaben amounting to for example if you have acquired eur 10 with their credit card, your credit card, is debited Aufladebetrag also eur 10 Skype-guthaben.
In future, take your credit card, if the balance of this amount on under the limit laid down by each Skype-kontos skype falls.
Automatic Aufladefunktion if they want to remove not activate the marker, please. Kontrollkästchen
(B) if you a subscription on an alternative (i.e. neither credit card or payment method paypal ()) or Moneybookers and the automatic Skrill order, your Skype-guthaben with the Aufladefunktion enable required to amount charged the costs for the next due to cover. Abonnementzahlung
(C) they may at any time on the settings of your user account and automatic Aufladefunktion disabled.
RÜCKERSTATTUNGSRICHTLINIE.
10.1 payer when they directly from, they are products entitled to a skype acquire (15) (" fünfzehntägigen Stornierungszeitraum ") in to procure reflection period as long as they did not use the payer products still.
In this case shall the reflection period and you can not buy or cancelled are reimbursed.
10.2 cooling-off period can only outside the not yet be reimbursed subscriptions were used or expires.
10.3 spending of, or the assignment of a Skype-guthaben use of any aspect of Skype-nummer subscriptions counts as " use " of a payer product.
Hereby vote explicitly that before the expiry of the reflection period can be allocated Skype-nummern.
10.4 refunds the reflection period and shall not apply to products which payer (i) via an unrelated acquired (please refer Skype-partner directly to the partners, at its discretion determine whether or not a refund is granted), (ii) not directly online of acquired (e.g. vouchers or skype), (iii) in prepaid cards bar above were paid (such as cash payment wallet Drittpartei-zahlungsanbieter) and (iv) through a skype and their allocated. Skype-konto Manager-administrator paid
They are also not to skype Developer-mitgliedschaft.
10.5 if you believe that something has charged skype flawed, they must within 90 days of such invoicing of wenden. skype
Fees in more than 90 days, have not. on rückerstattungsfähig
10.6 skype reserves the right to a be rejected where justified view Rückerstattungsforderung skype, (i) that you try to keep this to unfairly exploiting, Rückerstattungsrichtlinie, for example, by several one and the same product submit; for Rückerstattungsforderungen (ii) their rejection of the present conditions or breach (iii) if skype suspects that she its products or software fraudulently use or by a third party that you Nutzerkonto fraudulently used.
10.7 Rückerstattungsrichtlinie this has no effect on their legal rights.
11 end her relationship with skype
11.1 you can her relationship with skype at all times without using the judicial countervailing end request the closure of their software products, a user's account and / or the websites of skype no longer make use and all regular payments cancel.
11.2 skype can his relationship with them end or their use of software, or of the products or, a user's account user accounts of websites of skype at any time and without judicial end or temporarily lift: countervailing
(A) if you against the present conditions);
Skype ((b) where suspects that the software products and / or to the websites of skype to break the law or the rights of third parties to hurt.
(Skype (c) where suspects that you try to or other directives in our Rückerstattungsrichtlinie unfairly exploiting or abuse;
(Skype (d) if the suspects that she its products, software and / or websites fraudulently or by a third party that you use Nutzerkonto fraudulently used;
(E) if you earn in an authorised Skype-guthaben Reseller;
(F) with respect to a given product in accordance with a period of thirty (30) days if skype decides this product no longer offer;
(G) without delay, if that due to a change of law / of directives by a regulatory authority or a head with a legitimate claim or partners of skype is required;
(H) in compliance with a period of thirty (30) days if skype, software users in their is generally no longer offer jurisdiction.
11.3 skype, such denunciation in force by not on you, the software products and Nutzerkonto / or websites of skype (depending on the can access applicability).
We reserve the right to cancel the user accounts for more than one year were active.
11.4 Kündigungsfolgen: for termination of their relationship with skype: (a) all licences and ratings to use the software, the products and / or the websites of skype shall be immediately terminated; (b) they are any use of software, the products and / or the websites of skype with immediate effect cease and (c) they shall be the software immediately by all networks and other disks, remove and destroy all copies of the storage media, which are owned software or under their control is.
12 GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS, limitation of liability and compensation
12.1 under this subpart 12 includes " " all subsidiaries and associated companies skype legal and their executives, directors, staff and. authorised licensor
12.2 does not guarantee: in, by the applicable law allowed to widest: the software, the products and the websites of " without " and skype MÄNGELGEWÄHR at their peril used and no guarantees provided.
Skype won't, implicit or explicit guarantees rights or legal assurances as to the software, the products and / or the websites of skype, in particular on quality, performance, guarantees or conditions, or the suitability for any NICHTVERLETZUNG HANDELSÜBLICHKEIT purpose.
Skype ensures also neither to the company that the consistent software products and / or the websites of at any time available, skype, continuously, on time, sure ZUGRIFFSBEREIT accurate, complete and sound are without work. or loss
Also ensured a link on the internet or transfer not skype nor the quality of which calls on the software is carried out.
12.3 nothing in these conditions, the liability of skype limited liability for or from (a) deaths or injuries, (b) losses caused by gross negligence or wilful failed, (c) was created by skype or deliberate, or (d) any liability Falschauslegung by applicable law not limited or excluded.
12.4 no liability: they recognize and agree that any contractual or skype.
AUSSERVERTRAGLICHE liability (including) or any other liability regardless of negligence, whether on the possibility of such skype takes damage or loss of information.
This applies to a liability in connection with or because of their use of websites of skype or software provided free of charge or other Internet-kommunikationssoftware.
You AUSSCHLIESSLICHES right or appeal on any problems or dissatisfaction with such a software and / or websites of is the immediate removal and skype quitting the use of such software and / or websites of skype.
12.5 limitation of liability: subject to the sections 12.3 and 12.4 above shall be liable to them not contractually or skype (including negligence) or by any other außervertraglich manner, regardless of whether the possibility of such damage or loss of skype is informed, for:
(A) any indirect, secondary, special or sequelae.
Geschäftsverluste, (b) total income foregone, actual or potential, lost opportunities, losses of Geschäftswerten Gewinnverluste or the good reputation (directly or indirectly);
(C) all (direct or indirect) damage to or any direct or indirect) (damage of data;
(D) all (direct or indirect), claims arising from damage or loss the following result or associated with:
(I) their inability to the software to use to contact; emergency services
(Ii) their failure to additional arrangements for access to emergency services in accordance with paragraph 5.5, to take up
Diensteinschränkungen in paragraph (iii) the 5.6;
(Iv) their failure to the detailed information on her whereabouts available Notrufmitarbeiter, and shall be
(V) behaviour of external staff, with whom she centres emergency services and the associated with it.
(E) all (direct or indirect), claims, which damage or loss resulting from the following or associated with:
(I) all products or services provided by a third party in accordance with their own general terms and conditions provided in particular skype wifi;
(Ii) all technologies of third parties;
(Iii) all websites of third parties.
12.6 subject to sections-exceeds the total liability of 12.3 12.5 up to them or in connection with the skype these conditions (contractual or negligence or any other) (including außervertraglich liability) as a whole shall not of them for the products in the 12 months has been paid to the date on which the event for which the corresponding claim is based, has taken place, immediately preceding, with the maximum level in all cases to five thousand euros.
12.7 if a third party have a claim against claims and skype in conjunction with or because of (i) their breach of these conditions; (ii) their breach of a valid law or a directive; (iii) their degradation or violation of the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights); (iv) (v) their complaints or their Nutzerbeiträgen in relation to a Nutzerbeitrag, they will hold and value of and against all skype damage, guarantees, costs and losses expenses related to such a claim exempt (including appropriate and costs). Rechtsgebühren
13 sites, products and services third
13.1 third parties can products or services on the software and / or the websites of skype, e.g. games, applications, offer images, or ring tones avatars.
Skype assumes is no responsibility for such products or services, but will all efforts to commercially reasonable support if you problems with payment or downloading of or the use of the installation of such products or services.
The products or services provided by third parties may own and its data protection directive of agb in download or are subject to Drittparteianbieters installation must accept.
Agb tested before you you should such a purchase or make a product or service use a third party.
Skype assumes no liability, if they so failed.
13.2 they acknowledge and agree that skype and pricing by third parties, all product information on the websites of skype products and services by third parties on the indicated by the corresponding (" suppliers ") available Drittparteianbieter be made.
The supplier may at any time change its prices or the provision of products.
Skype is not in the transactions between them and the suppliers, whose products or services involved are included on the Skype-websites
Skype does not affect or assumes no liability and does not ensure the following: (i) prices, quality, performance, availability and the purchase terms for products or services provided by the supplier, (ii) payment, delivery, return and in connection with the on the websites Kundendienstaktivitäten of suppliers, products or services purchased (iii) the accessibility to the websites of the supplier, (iv) completeness, accuracy and veracity of advertising or other materials which, on the and on the website of the applicant are available, or other entries or content to such products and services, the on the website are displayed, (v) links to the websites of the providers on the websites of skype be shown.
All issues on a complaint or claims product or service provided by the supplier in the appropriate suppliers should be addressed.
13.3 software and website skype hyperlinks to other websites can by third parties.
Skype is not responsible for such websites by third parties or the availability of such websites or materials not content and approve on such websites are included. by third parties
For usage of the internet by this third parties on the relevant website, they are published conditions.
Additional provisions.
14.1 Skype-umgangsformen directives on use of the offer and the appropriate and respectful treatment of skype other members of the Skype-community.
Please read these guidelines carefully.
They are part of the conditions.
14.2 Internet-kommunikationssoftware if they are associated with a broadcast would like to use, they must comply with Broadcast-nutzungsbedingungen.
This can be found at http: / / / legal / broadcast. www.skype.com
14.3 Softwareentwicklungssysteme (sdk) (api). and apis for xml
Softwareentwicklungssysteme via skype on the developer will be made available (including " Skype-website Skypekit ") and the use of apis for xml by (api) or made available shall be subject to own skype set out, in which case such licensing conditions their use software determined. this licensing conditions
Softwareentwicklungssysteme if the (sdk) or (api) to explain apis for xml that it through licensing conditions applicable http: / / developer.skype.com /. are accessible have read and comply with.
14.4 tax-free and the method of open source software is included here. Qik by reference
15 their confidential information and their data protection
Skype undertakes to recognition of their privacy and the confidentiality of their personal data.
We their personal information which the content of its communications traffic data and (s) in accordance with our data protection directive process: http: / / / / privacy. www.skype.com)
16 exclusively for administrative users
With software and the documentation is " commercial " or " computer software ' as defined in these terms Computer-softwaredokumentation commercial section of the united states federal acquisition 12.212 framework regulations.
Duplication use or disclosure of software or documentation by or for the u.s. government are subject to the restrictions referred to in this agreement.
Contacting skype.
Skype 17.1 to regarding the or under the name " skype Skype-software " contact, products sold direct your request for Support-anfrage support.skype.com.
17.2 to skype on the or under the name " Qik-software " products sold contact, judge Qik your request to Support-anfrage support.qik.com.
17.3 skype if you on other than in sections or methods listed can contact 17.1 17.2 your question may not be dealt with.
Miscellaneous.
18.1 vote the use of electronic communications for the following purposes: to conclude contracts, placing of orders, production of other records, electronic availability and amendment of directives and communications and Skype-transaktionsaufzeichnungen.
18.2 usability to improve is a translation of the english version of skype them these conditions available.
In inconsistencies between a not in english and the english version of this version held conditions is the english version for their relationship with skype.
18.3 these conditions justify the whole agreement between them and skype in terms of their use of the software, the products and / or the websites of skype and replace all previous agreements between them and skype with regard to the software products and / or the websites of skype.
18.4 if any provision in these conditions or any part of a provision by a court or administrative authority of a competent jurisdiction as illegal, or invalid is considered and the respective provision (undurchsetzbar or) not fundamentally for the conditions as Teilbestimmung whole is the legality, validity or enforceability of the rest conditions not affected.
(20.3 (i) to determine what happens when parts of paragraph (20.3 arbitration and waiving of class action ") (" class actions to be unlawful, ineffective or unenforceable are found.
(20.3 (i) precedes this paragraph, if the contrary view.
18.5 exercise or the failure of a delay in the exercise of a right, an authority or by this remedy by skype conditions or by law be provided does not that right, this power or this Verzichterklärung remedy by skype.
Skype Verzichterklärung made one of on a violation of these conditions shall not be considered in a later violation of the terms. Verzichterklärung
18.6 do these conditions or any rights or obligations contained not dismissed.
Skype can these conditions or the rights or obligations contained therein without prior notice to a third party has dismissed.
18.7 this paragraph 18 and paragraphs 4.2, 12, and all other provisions that are so 20.3 expressed or is clear from these that you in case of termination continue to exist or remain in force after termination of conditions will also continue.
18.8 they acknowledge and agree that skype its obligations under this conditions they do not fall if the injured software which products and / or the websites of due to force majeure event caused by skype not can be made available.
An event of force majeure refers to events beyond the control of skype are.
18.9 these conditions with the exception of (20.3 are subject to the law of luxembourg and appropriately designed and subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of luxembourg.
(20.3 is governed by the united states federal (in the united states for arbitration act governing). Schiedssachen law
18.10 note to: when using the h.264 / avc software for video calls (i) between a pc and a device that is, or (ii) no pc devices, which are not between of pcs are used for the / avc H.264-codec Videofunktionalität.
In this case, the following note: the in this product, in the Avc-videofunktionalität for personal and not commercial use by Avc-patentportfolio-lizenz a consumer for the following purposes: (i) licensed in accordance with the coding of video (" "), and / Avc-standards Avc-video or (ii) by a consumer decoding of Avc-video for personal and not commercial use and / or by a was encoded with a licence to provide VIDEOANBIETER Avc-video was made available.
A licence shall not be granted and not for other uses provided.
Further information is available from la, mpeg http: / / www.mpegla.com. l.l.c.
Product-specific provisions.
19.1 Skype-nummern (formerly ") and skype Online-nummern to Go-nummern
(A) availability and use.
A Skype-nummer or if we have to make available, skype Go-nummer do you explain agree that:
(I) they do not have the number and did not entitled to use this number for an unlimited period may;
(Ii) which they made available to the point and bureaucratic procedures, is subject to the applicable Nummerierungsregeln
(Iii) they have been continually all specific requirements for the allocation of numbers to which we adhere to draw your attention, or that they all appropriate instructions of or of skype in relation to the use of skype partner of points and the products comply with them;
(Iv) your point to any third party has transferred or try to your number).
Especially set the responsibility for the compliance with all requirements in relation to the place of residence and / or the location, and
(V) it will be accurate, complete and up-to-date information given this request, and they will inform us as soon as this information change.
Skype reserves the right to the conditions relating to Skype-nummern and / or to change, in particular, new skype Go-nummern requirements relating to the place of residence or to impose the existing requirements to amend and / or the provision of further for the continued access to such points Nutzerinformationen traffic.
In certain countries, they will have a number may be from a rather than directly from made available by skype Skype-partner where applicable, you, a separate agreement with such a partner of them.
(B) other amendments to points.
Skype if they must change is number allocated to withdraw or appropriate efforts, you by e-mail skype commercial about to inform and at the date of entry into force of the amendment and, if possible, their new number shall be given.
If this new point to not accept, you have the right to terminate their number.
19.2 Nutzerkonto in skype manager
(A) they must always a skype manager represented.
(Skype-nummer (b) any before 21 july 2009 and earned them by a skype has been assigned, must the Manager-administrator administrator of the manager, if they be withdrawn skype skype from any cause. leave manager
The right to use the number, and the termination of such a right alone shall be subject to the discretion of the skype Manager-administrators.
(C) personal data and traffic data-members.
Skype Manager-kontos as members of any you recognise and agree that the administrator of the skype manager subject to its approval detailed information on the operations on their may call upon, such as Nutzerkonto date, time, duration and by all call and sms " (Zielnummer traffic ") and details of inflows and downloads.
They may at any moment by the consent settings in their change. Nutzerkonto
Personal data, including its name and if you your position on the list of skype manager, please confirm that provide such data from other members of the skype manager can be consulted.
19.3 subscriptions
(A) guidelines on the fair use (fair usage.
Skype we want all our customers the best tariffs, " the best price, so-called " subscriptions.
This directive for the fair use to fraud and abuse of subscriptions by a small number of users here to.
Unlimited subscriptions to allow the pursuant to this directive in the various countries of the subscriptions skype an unlimited amount of call in the respective (with the exception of special and Festnetze and charging points) and not local Servicenummern.
Unlimited calls to mobile phones may also be present at the time of purchase, where this is indicated.
All calls will be after a period of two hours interrupted and the number must be elected.
Subscriptions skype of (or) are intended for personal use by individuals in line with our business and these guidelines on the fair use Nutzungsrichtlinien (" lawful use) only.
What follows is a full list of practices that are not considered not as a legitimate use:
(I) use of subscriptions to, or Callcenter-zwecken Telemarketing-
(Ii) the resale of subscriptions; Inklusivminuten
(Iii) sharing by different users, whether it be through subscriptions, a call center, an exchange a computer or other methods;
(Iv) call of numbers (whether individually, or for income for automatic) successively themselves or others as a result of the call to reach except your personal business; communications (in accordance with paragraph 4.1 of the conditions of use); and
Unusual Anrufmuster (v) which do not use the normal, personal use of the consistent subscriptions; example: regular calls of short duration or calls to various points within a short period.
To determine the legitimate use can be relevant and other practices reserves the right to any skype, illegal acts or abnormal abnormal, inadmissible to take account of such a provision should be made.
Skype can be his business relationship with them stop or you immediately by the use of their subscriptions, if it is established that exclude her contrary to this directive for the subscription fair use or conditions of use of use skype.
If appropriate it from prior to the blocking or termination of skype subscriptions and, if possible, a notification, a bid for an alternative subscription.
Skype (b) reserves the right to withdraw or modify at any time subscriptions.
If skype products in their changes, contained a skype subscription sends, e-mail informing the amendments and the date of entry into force of these changes are listed.
When not accept these amendments would, you have the right to terminate their subscription.
Shall enter into force on the termination of when the date changes to take effect.
Subscription Welt-package-plus " (c) the " has a of 2 years from the purchase date Mindestvertragsdauer.
Mindestvertragsdauer 2 years before the, it is not lawful for them to terminate unless the subscription, there has been a breach of the conditions from skype.
This subscription is a month as regularly from payment rating.
19.4 skype wifi
Skype wifi is provided by skype. a Wlan-partner
Skype wifi is subject to the use of their general terms and conditions of each partner.
Skype Wifi-sitzung before you a at a certain start, you will receive a notification of Wlan-hotspot the identity of the allgemeine geschäftsbedingungen. and his Wlan-anbieters
Read all of this by terms and conditions.
Skype Wifi-sitzung continue if you and your, vote the terms and conditions automatically.
You can use of on their account, and skype wifi Skype-guthaben the use of their general terms and conditions. this is Skype-guthabens
19.5 sms
Sms for each, a border of 160 characters.
Longer news letter, if you will be in several divided and each sms is calculated separately sms.
Sms to more than one person if you send them will fees for each to each recipient sms calculated.
If skype your text (from any reasons) can not send, trying to up to 24 hours, which continue to skype message to send.
When the message during this period can be sent, you will not work on their refunded. the automatically Sms-gebühr Skype-guthaben
19.6 Gruppen-videoanrufe
(A) the guidelines for the fair use (), to the fair usage here referred, see www.skype.com / go / terms.gvc.fairusage.
Skype reserves the right to the guidelines for the fair use at any time to change.
Skype-website published on the amendments will enter into force.
Through its continued use of skype published on the explain after Premium-abonnements itself with the changed conditions Skype-website directives for the fair use agreed.
(B) the number of participants.
Teilnehmeranzahl the maximum for a varies depending on system requirements between 3 and Gruppen-videoanruf maximum 10 for more details look under / go / skypepremium www.skype.com.
(C) transfer to voice telephony.
Skype Premium-abonnement or if a expires the allowed during a Tagespass Gruppen-videoanrufs according to the directives on maximum has been exceeded or the owner of the fair use skype calling (and none of the leaves Premium-abonnements other participants a skype), is the call has completed Premium-abonnement of on switched. Videoanruf voice call
(D) software.
Gruppen-videoanrufs if a participant in a a version of the uses the Gruppen-videoanrufe not supported Internet-kommunikationssoftware the call is only for those participants to voice call system.
Further details of the requirements for can be found under / go / www.skype.com Gruppen-videoanrufe skypepremium.requirements.
Live-chat (s).
Skype Premium-abonnements is under the after-sales service available. by Live-chat
Such assistance will be daily round the clock, but only offered in english.
19.7 Qik the fair use Premium-richtlinien
Qik premium shall be subject to the directives on fair use, the users to 15 gb per month per Videospeicherung limit, and the duration of a video may not exceed 90 minutes.
After these ceilings are reached, they can in that month, no new or more do not have the upload videos, further advice. 90-minuten-grenze
Skype reserves the right to the guidelines for the fair use at any time to change.
Skype-website published on the amendments will enter into force.
Through its continued use of premium after publication on the Skype-website explain Qik they deal with the changed conditions of the directives on fair use agreed.
19.8 Skype-videonachrichten ") (" Videonachrichten
Skype Premium-abonnent if they don't have, you can only a limited number of Videonachrichten address.
Furthermore, these an expiration date.
Guidelines fair use (fair): these directives for the usage fair use to fraud and misappropriation of Videonachrichten prevented.
Videonachrichten only for personal non-commercial use by individuals and provided for, in accordance with these conditions must at all times (" legal use).
Skype reserves the right to any unlawful, unacceptable, abnormal or abnormal to cover plot to determine whether the requirements of a legitimate use comply with their activities.
Skype can be the business relationship with them, or terminate your account without delay, if it is established that temporarily blocking them in accordance with the guidelines for not Videonachrichten the fair use or these conditions benefits.
With phone numbers.
20.1 this section applies, if they take, that of a Bezahlsystem Drittunternehmens allows them, the purchase of other products on their paid and Skype-guthaben to let (" with mobile phone account Handyrechnung figures.
20.2 by selection or use of " with figures: " mobile phone
(A) authorize your, fees directly from their mobile operator to burden; Handyrechnung
(B) ensure that the natural or legal person are for the phone number in use of " figures indicate associated with mobile phone or that you from this responsible Handykonto natural or legal person are authorized, such fees to let. account
20.3 binding arbitration and waiving (" ") in class actions class action accounts in the us.
When relevant to the reckoning with mobile phone, and you " selected figures in a mobile in the united states Handykonto is registered or their residence in the us is, the following additional conditions:
(A) (20.3 covers all disputes related to a third party or between them and skype and (including mobile together as " party " or Skype-partnerunternehmen " ') in relation to their parties to the dispute using " with mobile phone operators. figures
But is he not to disputes in relation to the enforcement or
RECHTSBESTÄNDIGKEIT of intellectual property rights, which you, or our licensee could have skype.
Dispute 20.3 referred to in paragraph refers to all disputes, or other actions arising from contracts, guaranteeing, disputes, illicit activities, statutes, regulations, rules or fairly may result.
Dispute will be free in the widest level.
(B) in the case of a dispute should you or the other party to the dispute a skype given. Streitverkündung
It is a written statement with the name, address and contact information of the party which comes out in favour, the underlying this dispute facts and the desired remedies.
Streitverkündung skype in this or his must be to the following address: legal venturers department (), legal microsoft corporation one way redmond, wa, usa 98052-7329 microsoft and to all other parties to the dispute in the in the united states, principal place of business for the attention of.
Legal legal department ().
The party to the dispute is to their address (if any) Streitverkündungen or this email address.
You and the party will try to the dispute within 60 days from the through informal negotiation; Absendedatum Streitverkündung after that, select or party to the dispute the conciliation procedure.
(C) they may also at the residence of any dispute competent court for small claims damages actions, provided that the dispute appeal to all the requirements for action has been brought before a court for minor complaints met.
You can in a court of small claims, bring claims for damages, irrespective of whether it had informal negotiations, or not.
(D) binding arbitration.
Should them and not be able to settle disputes party to the dispute through informal negotiations or before a court for minor complaints, shall be made further efforts to resolve all settlement of the dispute exclusively for the purposes of a binding arbitration in accordance with the united states federal arbitration act (" "). it
What their right to disputes law by judge or to let (or as jury clarify or party to such actions). in 1994
Instead all disputes before a decision is reached, the conciliator neutral is legally binding, but according to a limited part. faa Berufungsrecht
Every court for the parties legally responsible can enforce the award.
Waiving (s) (" class action. collective actions
All procedures for judicial or extrajudicial resolution of disputes in any type of forum shall only be made on an individual basis.
Neither you nor a party to the dispute will endeavour to disputes as (" "), american class action class action as one of a private attorney general action or other agent's trial to assert, in which both parties occur or propose this. vertretend
Without the prior written consent of all the parties involved can not arbitration or judicial proceedings or arbitration trial be merged.
(F) the conciliation procedure american arbitration association (" aaa ") in accordance with the rules of the association conducted commercial arbitration.
If you are an natural person to the software products or private or use or with a value of up Haushaltszwecken to 75,000, regardless of their legal status and the intended use, and also the supplementary procedures for Disputes (supplementary rules for verbraucherbezogene Consumer-related). the confederation disputes
For further information please under or telephone available among adr.org 1-800-778-7879
In cases with a value of up to 75,000 usd is you immediately and the reimbursement of their Einreichungsgebühren skype and the conciliator. take the aaa fees
They skype and undergo the procedure for fees and conditions under incentives /? linkid = go.microsoft.com / fwlink agreed 275219
Rich it under / /? linkid = go.microsoft.com fwlink form available to initiate the conciliation procedure in 275627. the aaa
They declare their willingness to the conciliation procedure only in the their place of residence, in the santa clara, california or the principal place of business in the united states the other party to the dispute.
Skype and other parties to the dispute declare their willingness to the conciliation procedure only in the their place of residence.
(G) where legally permitted, all claims and disputes in their use of " handy " within a year in small numbers complaints (20.3 (c) competent court) or in a conciliation procedure (20.3 (d)) be invoked.
This one-year period shall commence on the date on which the claim or the first dispute might be argued.
If such rights or disputes within a year not be invoked verjähren. it irrevocably
(H) of future amendments to the rejection of arbitration.
Amendments they can to (with the exception of (20.3 skype) carries out within 30 days of Anschriftsänderungen after the modification by written notification to the address indicated in paragraph (b) 20.3 reject.
Such a rejection shall be the latest version of the paragraph before the changes they 20.3 rejected.
Should waiving of (i) in paragraph (e) 20.3 class actions in respect of all or individual parts, or a dispute as illegal unenforceable is deemed invalid (20.3 not for this parts.
Instead these parts separately and pending in the court, while the remaining parts for arbitration.
Should other provisions of the paragraph as illegal or unenforceable or 20.3 found, account for this provision and the rest of the provisions of paragraph 20.3 is fully in force and binding.
You confirm explicitly that they read these conditions and the rights, obligations, as described in clauses and provisions have understood.
By clicking on the button " accept " or
By continue with the installation of the software or the use of the software, the products and / or the websites of explicitly that they skype votes on the terms and conditions are linked and that they are the rights for this set out skype.
© skype-last updated: april 2013
