Terms and conditions of snap group limited
(If you live outside the united states.
Valid from: 10 january 2017
Welcome.
We welcome the fact that you and for our other products and services Snapchat have decided that we simplicity in the " services.
This (the " conditions ') conditions designed so that you know, according to which rules, our relationship with you made.
Although we have tried to those conditions are not in sound, however, some sections to formulate Juristendeutsch like a normal contract.
The has a good reason: these conditions are, in fact, a legally binding treaty between you and the snap group limited.
So read it you please carefully.
Services with the use of the conditions but you.
It goes without saying that you should not use the services, if you and the conditions do not agree.
These conditions apply unless you live outside the united states or the services on behalf of a company established outside the united states.
If you live in the united states or the services on behalf of a company uses there has its head office, the snap inc. conditions of use use.
Method conciliation: if you services on behalf of a company subject to this company, uses of the further down in the conditions of use SCHLICHTUNGSKLAUSEL.
1 services who can use?
Persons under 13 years may not open an account or the services benefits.
We offer additional services may, for you with further conditions must be even older.
Read therefore complete conditions carefully.
Bestätigst you through the use of services:
You're in a position to a legally binding treaty with the group limited to conclude. snap
You is the use of services by us laws, the united kingdom or any other relevant legislation banned, i.e., you are not on the list of the specially designated nationals of the us treasury and also no prohibition. similar unterliegst
These conditions, and you'll all existing local, national and international laws, rules and land legislation provisions comply with.
Services if you on behalf of a company or other legal person uses you that you're authorised bestätigst all those conditions licences and the conditions to grant listed on behalf of the company or the legal entity directly.
2. rights that we grant you
The snap group limited, universal, granted you a personal, non-transferable non-exclusive, exempted, and not for the licence unterlizensierbare widerrufliche access to services and for their use.
This licence is valid only for the use of the services in a way which these conditions and our, such as is our Nutzungsrichtlinien Community-richtlinien.
Any of us can you automatically download software provided.
Also upgrades, or other updates you can install new features.
These automatic can you possibly in the device settings adjust downloads.
You must not part of our services copying, modification, distribution, sale or rent.
Also do not software (" ") or reverse engineering zurückentwickeln try to be to extract, provided that such limits do not source code are prohibited by law from or for our written consent is available.
3 rights that you bring
With many of our services can you create content, items, send and receive, upload save.
It keep you all you ownership rights to the content. originally due
But give us a license to use this content.
How comprehensive this licence is based on the services which you use, and from the settings that you choose.
Live stories, except for all services and other local stories group limited, show the Crowdsourcing-services snap a worldwide, inc. and its partner snap, freephone and transferable licence to hosten, unterlizensierbare, use show save sales change adjust edit publish and distribute this content, as long as you is the services.
This licence is issued, the services solely for the purpose to operate, develop to provide, to promote and improve and new services to explore and develop.
Live stories, stories and other as local public and are of general interest in principle Crowdsourcing-services, is the licence, you us in relation to the services to the content, broader sent erteilst.
In addition to the granting of rights referred to in the preceding paragraph you are also a licence from erteilst to live stories, local stories or other content to create and modify a work sent Crowdsourcing-services your content to apply, to broadcast to publicly demonstrate and publicly, syndizieren unterzulizensieren, presented in any form, and in any future or developed) and media (existing distribution channels.
Stories if you live in, local or other stories, these, facebook page, erstellst Crowdsourcing-inhalten appear in the show, or put postest necessary degree of snap, snap group limited inc. and our partners and counterparties, global and full the unrestricted right, global licence, your name, your picture and your voice to use.
This means, inter alia, that you not entitled to allowances snap, snap group limited or our partners and counterparties have inc. if your name, your image or your voice under live stories, local or other stories on either the app or on Crowdsourcing-services Snapchat. platforms, one of the counterparty
More information on how we can adapt who can see your content, you find in our data protection standards and on the Supportwebsite.
Although we do not have an obligation, we must at all times and from any cause to your content access and check and see again.
Particularly when we consider that it against the conditions rejected.
Alone stay for you but you on the services, drawn up, sent or stored content uploaded, geposteten responsible.
The services can containing advertising material.
In exchange for the group limited access to snap your services and their use allowed, would you agree that we, snap inc., and our group external partners within the advertising services, including personalised advertising must switch on the information available to us you do or we rise is based,.
Contain services because the content you and other users available to us is sometimes near your advertising content appears.
We always feedback on our users interested.
If you do, however, or proposals, if you should send feedback voluntarily to know that we can use your ideas without compensation.
4. the content of other
Many content services of our users, publishers and other third parties created.
Whether content public or private sent posted, they are the sole responsibility of the person or organisation that you sent.
Snap although the group limited reserves the right, all under the services to examine any content and displayed content, against these conditions is, delete, we review not necessarily all content.
We therefore can not answerable for the other services provided under the content, and we do not accept.
Under these conditions and our we are clear that we Community-richtlinien any abuse of the services want to.
However, not all content, we can not check to ensure that the content as part of the services always these conditions or our directives are.
Data protection.
The protecting your privacy is important to us.
More about how your information are managed if you our services, you'll find uses in our data protection rules.
We recommend you, you look because you by the data protection rules thoroughly use our services approve, that your information from the snap group limited in britain and of inc. in the united states and its partners are collected and processed, and outside the country in which you have your residence being transferred, including in countries that may not have the same as your own country. data protection laws
Respect the rights of others.
The snap group limited respects the rights of others.
And you should do.
So do not make the services that they:
Öffentlichkeits- against the,,, brand or other data protection copyright or other intellectual property rights are those hurt.
Other mobben, bother or treat.
Other slander.
Our users spam or unwanted here. by Kontaktaufnahmen
You must also the rights of the group limited and its partners, including snap, snap inc.,.
These conditions give you any right,
The Markenkennzeichnungen designs, logos, photos, videos and other materials used as part of our services to use.
Any part of the services or the content of the services to copy to archive,,,, to spread to download upload,, listed, mapping, broadcast syndizieren to make available or otherwise to use, provided that those conditions stipulate otherwise.
Services under the services made available to the tools or content of the services without our consent for commercial purposes.
Short: do the services or the content of the services is not in a way, you don't use under these conditions are right.
You must also help no one else to do that.
Respect of copyright.
We respect the copyright.
Therefore we are reasonable steps against foreign rights material from our services to remove verstoßendes as soon as we hear about.
If snap group limited realise that a user against copyright, we are taking is repeated within our means appropriate measures in order to close the account of this user.
Potential Urheberrechtsverstöße you can just come in.
If you believe that the services are content against a copyright or a right of use, on which you are banished urheberrechtliches, fill in this form.
Yourself to our Copyright-beauftragten.
Snap inc.
Attn: copyright agent
63 market street
Venice 90291, ca, usa
E-mail: copyright @ snap.com
If you should send a communication to our: Copyright-beauftragten
A handwritten it must contain the electronic signature or a person is entitled to act on behalf of the Urheberrechtsinhabers.
Copyright indicate that it must work, which allegedly was injured.
It must be given the material, which allegedly injured or the subject of the copyright act and which is claimed to be removed or urheberrechtsverletzenden on the access will be locked.
Must also submitted sufficient information, so that we can locate the material.
Must your address, telephone number and email address contact details, including.
It must be a personal statement that you in good faith that the use of the material of go out in the way of holders of copyright, not contested his representative or by legislative provision is allowed.
Is you have to declare that the information contained in the notification is correct and to assure you that you're entitled to eidesstattlich for the action. copyright owners
Security.
We are trying to the services to make safe for all users.
We can not, however, guaranteed.
Here you come into play.
With the use of services would you agree that:
You services not for illegal or under these conditions, prohibited purposes do;
You robots, no spider, or other proceedings or crawler scraper interfaces for automatic access to our services or the collection of data by other users do;
You without our written consent not do with external apps or by developing our services or the content or information from other users interact;
You services not in a way, the full use of the services do by other users bothers affect or unavailable, or cut in a way that the function of the services in any way damaged, disabled or overloaded adversely affected;
You username and accounts, without the latter's agreement passwords other users do this or try;
You other users not to ask, will login
Content items will, you don't, threats, or pornography, should contain; calls to violence message of hatred
You no viruses or other safety services or malicious code facebook page otherwise beeinträchtigst;
You're not to do with procedure to circumvent or not content to areas and features the access services;
Our services or other systems or networks not going to review to scan or weaknesses to investigate.
Acts call, will you not to breach of these conditions or for such campaign will.
Your safety in the use of our services are also important.
Use is not in a way that our services against). traffic regulation or security laws
Please snappe, for example, while you never drive a car.
And endanger yourself or other not in seeking to something cool to snappen.
Your account.
You're responsible for all activities in your account happen. Snapchat
It is therefore important that you get your account.
Therefor if you, for example, which you a safe password for any other account used.
With use of services but it isn't just a behaviour within the meaning of common sense, but also the following:
You erstellst several accounts for yourself not.
Your account if we have a new, you disabled erstellst unless you've got our written consent for it.
You buy, sell, or give access to your account, vermietest Snapchat, a live stories, snaps or to another Freundschaftslink Snapchat username. not without our written consent Snapchatter
You give your password not to other on.
You see not with unauthorised or third party in the applications or services to clients about this. now
Suspect that if you have access to your account has a strange turn directly to the Snapchat-support.
Memorys.
Memorys Archivierungsservice is our, it easier for you power always and everywhere on your access and in the time. alarms Lieblingssnaps
You accept, by these conditions automatically. are you running test Memorys
If Memorys first is enabled, it is that, as long as your account exists. Snapchat
You have, however, at any time to certain features in the settings disable. Memorys
Memorys allows any of the functions of you by making a restricted area. to draw up a Passcodes
The passcode can, or any other mechanism passphrase pin.
Gerätesperrfunktion for the whole is similar to the many is available. smartphones
By some, less likely that passcode einrichtest other persons who are to receive your device in, can see what you got on the restricted area of stored. Memorys
But watch out.
Memorys passcode lose when you have your or a false or too often forget, you will have access to the passcode eingibst all content that you in the restricted area of stored have denied. Memorys
We offer for this restricted area no possibility of restoration. your Passcodes
You alone are responsible for your passcode not to forget.
More information on the subject you will find on our. Supportwebsite passcode
There are several reasons why it can happen that your content in are not available, for example, Memorys technical difficulties or a decision on our part, to terminate your account.
Because we can not promise that your content will be available at all times, we recommend you from these separate to copies.
We can not promise you that the storage capacity of in any case, will be sufficient for Memorys. your personal Speicheranforderungen
We reserve the right to limit and the space in this limit Memorys from time to time by our own discretion.
And, as with our other services and it may happen that the space and any evidence of your Memorys arise. additional Mobilgeräts Datengebühren
Memorys features you can not sell.
In other words, you must not use to your own Memorys data storage or for third parties to operate. Vertriebsservice
Datengebühren and mobile phones.
All Handygebühren through the use of our services are incurred, in your responsibility.
This also applies to sms and. Datengebühren
If you don't know how much these fees are, if you are from the use of services providers with your supplementary.
If your phone number, with your account is linked, modify or disabled, do you have to the within 72 hours of the settings Account-daten update, so that we do not send someone else you addressed messages.
12 services from third
A service if you a feature or a function of a do about our services (Drittanbieter including services, which we, together with the offer) is provided, shall be subject to the Drittanbieter contractual relationship between you and the corresponding party the respective terms of use.
Neither snap group limited to a snap, inc. or under which conditions of use Drittanbieters acts performed by responsible.
Amendment and termination of services.
We improve and add to our services all the time.
This means that we add or remove may features, products or functions or the total services can fully suspend or terminate.
Each measures we can take at any time.
If we do that, we will try you in advance to inform, but this will not always be possible.
May we hope that you to be a stay, but you can these conditions Snapchatter at any time and from any reasons withdraw by your account löschst.
Also snap group limited can these conditions to you at any time from any cause quit.
And although we will try, you to, we can not guarantee it in advance.
Our right to denounce these conditions means that we can quit, you provide services, or that we new or additional restrictions to introduce. Servicenutzung
We e.g. your account, because you were idle disable long or at any time and from any cause your username recover.
Announces regardless of who these conditions remain you and the group limited to snap continue to sections 3, 6, 9, 10 and 13 to 22 of the conditions attached.
Haftungsfreistellung.
Legally permitted where you do agree, snap, snap group limited and our partners, directors, inc., shareholders, employees, and licensor Organmitglieder regarding any complaints, complaints agents, damage claims, losses, debt and costs (including expenditure), to defend and Anwaltshonoraren exempt to keep the value associated with (a) your access to the services or the use of the same, (b) your content and (c) an infringement against these conditions arise. deinerseits
Be covered by disclaimers.
We try, a offer services.
We can not promise you that always works.
Services ' as seen " and " how " and the legally allowable size available without express or implied guarantees of any kind made available, including guarantees, conditions or other provisions on the tacit, quality, suitability for a satisfactory Handelsüblichkeit purpose, on the existence of rights, the peaceful use of rights or those from Nichtverletzung stranger the commercial practice came.
Also does group limited, snap a good, but not to ensure we can guarantee Nutzererlebnis still we ensure that (a) the services always ensure sound or are available, (b) the time always services without delay to disturbances or (c), or that errors work content or information which you as part of the services, or are correct. get currently
The snap, snap, inc. and its partners group limited liability for and take no responsibility you content, another user or a third party in the context of services, create, post, send or receive upload save.
You aware and you'll think so that you can be suspended the offensive content, illegal, or otherwise inappropriate, misleading snap group limited, snap or its partners take no responsibility in this respect, inc.,.
Limitation of liability.
Legally allowed, where the liable group limited, inc. and snap snap our partners, directors, shareholders, employees, and licensor, Organmitglieder for indirect, special agent not random or sequelae or for criminal or loss of profits or revenues, or for Mehrfachschadensersatz irrespective of whether these directly or indirectly incurred, or,, reductions in business or of Datenverluste Nutzungsausfälle led or other intangible loss to (a) from your use or inability to use services, (b) access your or your inability to access to the services, (c) the behaviour or by other users or third parties under the content services or (d) the unauthorised access or unauthorised use or change your content, even if the result of the possibility of such damage snap group limited pointed out.
Not exceeds the liability of snap, snap inc. group limited for all of them or their partners in relation to the services, an amount of gbp 100 or the amount you snap group limited over the last 12 months, where appropriate, paid.
Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or the limitation of liability for certain damage.
As a result, some or all restrictions in this section may not or exclusions for you.
17 settlement of disputes and conciliation
If you have a concern, let's talk about it.
Say us and occurs with us in contact, and we will do our best to resolve the matter.
Can some of our services include additional provisions rules for resolving disputes, which contain only for that service or your country of residence.
Services if you on behalf of an enterprise (instead of your personal use) uses, and as you agree that all group limited claims and disputes between us, arising from these conditions or the use of the services or in relation to arise, where in the framework of the legally permitted by reference in this clause Lcia-schlichtungsregeln be included finally be settled.
Mediators there will be a (,), is to appoint LCIA london, and the conciliation shall be Schlichtungsort carried out in english.
If you want, you may not agree with this clause our services not benefit.
Exclusive jurisdiction.
Where these conditions allow the parties a procedure before a court of justice, you agree and that all rights and snap group limited (whether contractual disputes, or other type), which are deliktischer from the conditions or the use of services have arisen or related exclusively in the english courts in the united kingdom to be negotiated, unless by the laws of the country in which you have your residence is prohibited.
You snap group limited and the votes of the exclusive competence to these courts.
Choice.
These conditions and any claims and disputes arising from these conditions or its subject matter or related to arise (whether contractual or other species), which are subject to the laws of england and wales.
Courts shall apply the laws of some countries in england and wales with regard to some disputes with these conditions related may not.
If your resident in one of these countries have, shall apply to these disputes the laws of your country may use.
Severability.
If any provision in these conditions is not be enforceable, shall apply as from the other separated conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
21 additional provisions for certain services
Given the wide range of our services, we must sometimes for certain services additional provisions prospects.
Services uses, they will be if you these additional provisions that the respective services is provided with part of your treaty with us.
If a part of the additional provisions under these conditions, are the additional provisions conflicts shall prevail.
Final conditions.
These conditions provide (together with any additional provisions for certain of you used services) the whole agreement between you and the snap group limited and replace all previous agreements.
These conditions give rise to or transferred. no rights in Drittbegünstigte
One part of this if we do not get provisions, this is not a waiver.
We shall all rights that you not explicitly to be granted.
You are not entitled to your rights and obligations under these conditions, without our consent).
Contact
The snap group limited welcomes comments, questions comments and suggestions.
You can look at this send or receive support. Online-formular feedback
The outside of the united states for the services company responsible is snap and has its headquarters in group limited 7-11 street, london, united kingdom W1f 9af lexington.
His registration number is authorised representative: david lewis,. 09763672 director.
Ust.-id 237218316: gb.
