Spotify general business and conditions of use-germany
Valid from 9 september 2015
Introduction
Amendments to the treaty
6 use
Rights that we grant you
Third applications
User-generated content
Rights they bestow
Nutzerleitfaden
Infringements nutzergenerierter content and reporting
Restrictions and changes to the service
Markenkonten
Spotify support community
Servicing
Export controls
Termination payments, and reflection period
Duration and termination
Guarantee and disclaimer
Limitation of liability
Rights of third parties
Complete treaty
Severability and surrender
Transfer
Indemnification guarantee
Choice, compulsory arbitration and place
Contact
Hello, and welcome to our conditions.
They are important and deal with their rights, read it and our and conditions to which this data protection provisions referred carefully.
We hope you sit comfortably and hear some good music.
It's gone...
Introduction
We are pleased that they decided to " (" spotify spotify " we, " " we, " " our ").
Through its registration or use of, websites and software applications (along the Spotify-dienste " " or " services ") or Spotify-dienste if you hold the content or material or the of under the services (the " spotify content ") was made available (s), get a binding treaty with a whose contact information and from spotify at the end of the document can find Ust-id-nummer to include the spotify support community Spotify-diensten, as in the section spotify support community described.
The Spotify-dienste include social and interactive functions.
Learn more about the spotify service on our website.
Spotify-dienste depends on the use of the various technical requirements.
Its agreement with us include this business and (" conditions ') and the conditions of use, any further agreement you agree, as in the section described together as the " treaty full ('). agreements
If you read the terms of the agreements, like you can the version on the search. Spotify-webseite
Read carefully the agreements.
Contain key information about the provided for them and the fees, taxes and Spotify-dienste charges, which we will take into account.
The agreements information on future amendments to the agreements, export controls, automatic renewal, limitation of liability and a. Datenschutzinformationen
All the data it during the registration announce during the registration be corrected.
To if they simply to previous page back and correct the erroneous entries.
Spotify-dienste to to use and on the content access, they must (a) 18 years old or older or 14 years of age or older and confirm the agreement of their parents or their guardian to the agreements have (except in the cases set out below), (b) they shall be entitled to a legally binding treaty with us complete and must not be prevented from choosing by applicable laws and (c) be located in a country in which the services are offered.
They provide also that of them during the registration data provided correct and complete, true spotify, and that their data at any time are correct.
Amendments to the treaty.
Uncommon agreements we can and in our judgment, change.
Usually when these amendments, which in the past data collections incurred.
From time to time we take editorial amendments to the agreement before their current contractual relationship with us unaffected.
Close such changes such as the correction of updates of the contact details or Tippfehlern in the agreement are included.
If we changes to the agreement to carry out an impact on the current contractual relationship with them, you will be in a conspicuous and adequately inform circumstances.
Prominent require communication within the services or an email.
This communication will provide information on the changes that are to be made, and the right oppose them and include the consequences of their rejection.
Turn therefore sure you this information carefully.
Changes referred to them as if they accepted view, within two weeks of refuse.
If we use this procedure, we will not make any changes, of which the contractual balance between the service and its contribution, if such a concern there should be.
If they are services under the new agreements do not wish, you may continue using the agreements by a communication to us quit.
Use it for the customer care. contact e-mail
6 use.
Here are some information on the use of spotify zusammengestellt.
3.1 for our services and subscriptions
Spotify Streaming-dienste, with a selection and other musical content ready.
Certain Spotify-dienste them are freely available.
Other Spotify-dienste require payment before they can access.
The Spotify-dienste are currently paid as " " and " services " (unlimited premium rate services to sum up, " ") is paid subscriptions.
Spotify-dienste the use of which no payment is required, are currently as " free services offered.
Further information on our services may be found on our website.
" Services ' may not be unlimited all users are available.
Information on the availability of the services they receive during the registration.
If her series of the " unlimited " or the " unlimited services terminate services ' (for example, be interrupted if they change), it can be payments data for the " unlimited services. " no more to
Note that the unlimited services ' in the future might not more available.
In this case, their services no longer charged.
Should spotify the unlimited services ', so we will not continue to offer at least 30 days before inform.
In principle and unless expressly stated in the agreement in terms of other than may and his partners Audio-werbung spotify the advertising on the present services. Spotify-kunden
3.2 codes and other prepaid offers
Geschenkkarte if you have a code, a, a or any other acquired or tender offer vorausbezahltes received by or through access to a paid subscription 6 (code) provided or is sold, with the code displayed for their access to the services also conditions and they agree with such conditions agreed.
3.3 tests
From time to time we can or other on our behalf for payment subscriptions over a given period Testangebote (a ' test ' offer free of charge).
Spotify reserves the right to their qualification for such a test to determine at their own discretion, and in so far as it is in the interests of the test spotify without prior notice at any time to amend or withdraw without causing liability to where lawful be made. are
Some we invite us your tests shall be to provide that they may Testangebot payments data could be used.
These tests at the end, you can try the pro rata from the first day of the month ABONNEMENTSGEBÜHR automatically after end of the test and thereafter on a monthly basis taken into account.
They must during the registration in conjunction with this test of this fee to agree.
By ZAHLUNGSDATEN us their in connection with the test to vote for this fee, for its payment to be used. the above-mentioned payments data
This fee is not want to pay, they have the corresponding payment on your subscription or you resign before the end of Spotify-abonnementsseite end of the test. Spotify-konto
It monthly fee is not to want to pay, you need the corresponding payment on your subscription or you resign before the end of Spotify-konto Spotify-abonnementsseite of the month in which the fee is levied again against.
Contract tenders can not before the deadline for which has already paid for, be terminated and, provided that those conditions not spotify explicitly indicated, it is not already them ANDERSLAUTENDES charges paid back to them.
Their right of withdrawal shall remain unaffected.
Section contains additional conditions for the termination of their limitation of liability paid subscriptions.
4. rights that we grant you
The Spotify-dienste and the contents are owned by or licensors of spotify. 6
We accept them a limited, not exclusive, and a license to use the widerrufliche limited, not exclusive, Spotify-dienste licence to use the content for personal widerrufliche, non-commercial purposes and a " licence ") (the entertainment purposes.
This licence shall remain in force and in force, provided that they not as described in these conditions or spotify be terminated.
They secured and undergo agreed to the licence for their personal use, only no commercial purpose and to benefits and not content or Unterhaltungszwecken to expel or transferred Spotify-dienste.
The Spotify-software-anwendungen and the content is for you, but not to sell them and licensed and his own all remain spotify licensor copies of the and the content, also after its Spotify-software-anwendungen installation on their personnel, computers, tablets and / or other relevant mobile devices (" "). equipment
All Spotify-handelsmarken,,; logos, poisoning and service marks other features of the brand (" ") are wholly Spotify-markenmerkmale spotify owned by or its. 6 licensors
Rooms these agreements you any rights to use any of the, whether for the commercial Spotify-markenmerkmale or non-commercial use.
Agree Nutzerleitfaden they agree, and neither the content comply with or any part thereof Spotify-dienste in a not explicitly by this arrangement allowed way to use.
Except them in those contracts explicitly rights granted gives them no rights, title or no spotify share content. or Spotify-diensten
For software (for example, third in the Spotify-diensten) is Softwarebibliotheken contained gives you a licence under the agreements or under the terms of such third parties as defined in the section Software-lizenzverträge " help " or " settings " your desktop or mobile and / or clients our website are published.
Third applications.
The Spotify-dienste are websites and applications, services (" applications ') integrated third third to them content, products and / or services available.
Applications third parties may own conditions and where their use of these data protection rules to third is regulated and their applications that use is subject to conditions and data protection rules.
They recognize and state that they are agreed that no responsibility or liability for spotify behaviour, the functions or content any use third or for any transaction that with the providers of these applications received is third.
User-generated content.
Spotify-nutzer content can publish and / or services to the upload (" item "), including, for example, bilder, texte, communications, information, and / or other content (" Playlist-zusammenstellungen user-generated content.
In order to avoid any doubt acknowledges that " user-generated content " includes all content in the community or other parts of the spotify support posted. Spotify-dienste
Assure you with regard to all content on item 6 nutzergenerierten that they are entitled to this content and that these items or by the content agreements provided for use by not against the agreements applicable laws, spotify or intellectual property rights (including, without then be limited to intellectual property rights), personal rights or other rights of other persons music publishing rights either, or a imputability or approval of their content or by an artist, spotify nutzergenerierten a band, a label, a legal entity or natural person implies, without the express written authorisation of the natural or legal person.
Spotify can, however, is not obliged to user-generated content to monitor or examine edit.
Reserves spotify in individual cases the right under consideration, access to all their interests to remove or to disable nutzergenerierten contents if such decision legitimate reason exists.
Such reasons may in particular are available, if necessary, the rights of ownership or the security of or any other person to protect Spotify-nutzer if the content for the agreements or breach this nutzergenerierten the rights of a third hurt.
In this case, it will inform. 6
We promise not, access to any specific content to remove or to disable. nutzergenerierten
For all of them solely responsible. nutzergenerierten geposteten content
Spotify user-generated content is neither for nor for in these views expressed responsible. content nutzergenerierten
They agree that they take in case of a claim against based on their spotify content relates, of and spotify GEPOSTETEN NUTZERGENERIERTEN against all losses and costs (including reasonable compensation claims,) and keep the value legal fees exempt from such claim arise.
False if you breach campaign. "
7 rights they bestow
Taking into account the rights granted them under these agreements give the right, the processor, the spotify disk space and bandwidth of their equipment to use the services of them available.
Feedback ideas or proposals, if you give in conjunction with the (" feedback) or Spotify-diensten content to want to destroy, they agreed spotify explain that their feedback and any confidentiality shall be subject to the right to their feedback spotify full and free use.
Their feedback is as a kind of contents considered nutzergenerierter
You grant a not exclusive, transferable spotify,, permanent, irrevocable, unterlizenzierbare exempted already fully paid worldwide license to use valid, reproduction, making available (e.g. to performance or public exhibition), publication, translation, change, creation of derivative works and transfer their content in conjunction with the services of nutzergenerierten any medium, whether solely or in combination with other content or materials, in every way and to any type, procedures or technology, regardless of whether these are already known, or he will be developed.
Separately granted this apart from the right keep the rights, including intellectual property rights to nutzergenerierten content.
Vote also, any rights in respect of (i) their right to recognition of the authorship of any content, including feedback, ii (nutzergenerierten) the right to rights granted to such contents for conviction to withdraw and amended nutzergenerierten (iii) the right of a degrading treatment of content, not with nutzergenerierten to assert.
Nutzerleitfaden.
Spotify respects the intellectual property rights and industrial property rights and requires the same of you.
We have a number of fundamental rules drawn up during the use of the service must comply with in order to fully usable for all remains. 6
Please follow these rules and invite them to other users, it like them.
This is not allowed.
Spotify-dienste or any part of the content, to refer to replicate to copy ", " recorded, to transfer ribs or list available to the public, to send or the or otherwise in a way to content Spotify-dienste use in the agreements or under the applicable law is explicitly authorized or not, the intellectual property rights (such as copyright) or content or parts of it hurt; Spotify-diensten
The Spotify-dienste to import or to copy files to the local them in this way, the right to import or to copy, do not have to use;
For transferring content from the cache of authorised equipment on a equipment on any other way;
Reverse-engineering decompilation,,, modification or establishing derived works to De-assemblierung based on the content, or any part thereof, Spotify-dienste unless current law is allowed;
Circumvention spotify, or any of its third for the protection of content or licensors of services used technology;
Unterlizenzierung sale, rental, leasing or any part of its content; or Spotify-dienste
Circumvention spotify by his geographical limitations; or licensors applied
The Wiedergabezähler (" play ") to enhance artificially or the count services in a different way by a script or an automated process to manipulate;
A copyright, a trade mark or comments on intellectual property to remove or change in, or contained by this provided Spotify-diensten (including for the purpose of publication or modification of the data relating to owners or the source of content);
Their transfer to any person or to use of usernames and to another person;
" Crawlen " or other resources (automated Spotify-dienste including bots, for collecting information) and Scrapers spiders of 6 or
Account playlist or the adoption or sale of any other remuneration, regardless of whether they financial or other nature is, for influencing the name of a account or a playlist or the content of a playlist or an account.
Respect spotify, the owner of the contents and other users of the Spotify-dienste.
They are participating in any activity, item they do not register content or they are not and nutzergenerierten / or do not use a username, if contained the following pattern or material:
Dirty abusive,,,, or; defamatory pornographic threatening obscene
Illegal or promotion or illegal action of any kind is committing a, including but not limited to violations of intellectual property rights, data protection rights, or of personal rights or a third party; property rights 6
The password is or deliberately of another user password or intentionally contains personal data of a third party or are intended to contains such personal data to obtain;
Malware trojan, or the dangerous content such as viruses or otherwise contains the access of the user services, is
The harassment or bullying other users or to.
Their connection with another user, another person or legal entity set or wrong or otherwise is fraudulent, false, misleading or misleading;
The automated intended to promote content is artificial.
Verlangter Massenmails the transfer does not or other forms of spam (' spam '), or similar, including Werbepost Kettenbriefen on the includes; Spotify-postfach
Commercial Verkaufstätigkeiten includes, including application, promotion, competitions, games or not expressly authorized by Pyramidensysteme 6;
Left references to, or any other commercial products or services, except for the promotion of spotify explicitly authorised;
Spotify-dienste disturbs or in some way the, they manipulated or violate cut off the weaknesses in the services or in the computer systems, networks, or security elements, or any other use, of the services or protection measure Authentifizierungsmaßnahmen content from all or part of studied scans 6 or check or
Against the agreements, as is laid down. 6
They acknowledge and agree that the items such content or, in the case was inadmissible nutzergenerierten a significant or repeated breaches, taking account of their legitimate interests, to a permanent closure of can lead. Spotify-kontos
In such case, according to you this in advance. 6
You explain continues to agree that for any valid reason, your username spotify can use to recover.
Spotify-dienste prudent use the and be careful in parts of its content.
The Spotify-dienste include social and interactive functions, including the possibility to position, for the parts of content and content nutzergenerierter the publication of certain information on their person.
Remember that all shared or from other publicly available information on the internet can be reused or further Spotify-benutzern should be shared, use the go to prudently and therefore spotify parts of their content carefully.
Spotify assumes no liability for their selection of them in the context of services material. geposteten
Password protects their account, and they are solely responsible for your password confidential and safe.
When they are to you not to third parties and their account access or use in the password by unjustified. third
They recognize that it for any use of your username and password for the services responsible, as far as by at least negligent acts or omissions was caused.
If your username and password lost or were stolen, or if you think that your account by a third party without their knowledge was used, sit down with us immediately immediately and change your password as quickly as possible.
9 infringements and notification nutzergenerierter content
Spotify respects the rights of ownership of intellectual property.
Believing that one of their intellectual property rights or other rights violated, read by spotify. Urheberrechtsbestimmungen
If spotify from one holder of copyright informed that a copyright content injured, may at its discretion without measures 6 those providing content to inform users before.
Providing users if the considers that the content, providing no copyright protection injured, a contraindication to provide users and the restoration of the remote content spotify respectively.
If you think that goes against the contents, please contact our Nutzerrichtlinien Kundenbetreuungsabteilung.
10 restrictions and changes to the service
Spotify shall take all reasonable efforts to keep the operational services.
However, it may from time to time to certain technical difficulties a temporary interruption.
You recognise explain is ready and accept that no obligation to upgrade or updating spotify of services or to supply all or specific content of the services is received.
The contractual obligation to provide the service, exceeds 6 no 95 % in any month.
Special spotify is the performance of the services to service music to provide and also listening to music. Premium-nutzer offline
All other functions are optional and can spotify at any time be removed or replaced.
Above spotify, if you will, without prejudice to for a subscription fees, the spotify kostenpflichtiges in advance before the end of subscriptions (you should read the section permanently announces payments, and them, the termination of the reflection period period after such termination charges incurred representing prepaid back to.
Markenkonten.
Spotify-konto if you on behalf of a company, an organisation of a legal person or a brand (a " brand " or such an account "), the terms " aim, Markenkonto " them, " " you (s) ', as in all parts of the agreements are used for you and the brand, as appropriate.
Markenkonto open if they secure and to guarantee that it to grant all powers and licences from the agreements and to authorised bind to the brand agreements.
11.1 folger
Brand only those users consequences that followed, and the first brand mark which can not act a partnership or a relationship between the mark and the user that will follow, imply, provided that the trade mark a separate, independent no such rights to condition of such a partnership has earned.
The mark must to the at their own discretion of very require a user no longer spotify to follow, follow.
11.2 entertainment
The mark must not media service.
11.3 news
The tag is just to the news the first users send a message to the brand are sent.
11.4 cache of the mark and parts
Brand must not create or parts, whether Spotify-wiedergabeliste within the or elsewhere, a partnership or the Spotify-dienste a relationship between the mark and an artist or any other party suggest, unless the trade mark has a separate, independent rights as a condition of such a partnership acquired.
Brands should be the guidelines for of read. 6 Marke-playlists
Spotify support community.
The spotify support community is room for discussion and exchange of information, tips and other materials in connection with the Spotify-diensten.
Spotify community support if they want to use, they must have an active (1) and (2) you Spotify-konto for the use of community support Spotify-konto (" a ") 6 Support-konto authenticate.
Spotify Support-kontos instructions to establishing a found on the community. the Registrierungsseite
Except agreements that they are agreed, the guidelines for the community to them during the support spotify display (the " registration "), using the support Community-richtlinien spotify support community followed.
Such agreements or if they support, they can not agree to Community-richtlinien support community not benefit. 6
12.1 spotify Support-konten
With establishing a spotify confirm that, while all Support-kontos of registration data provided, accurate and true spotify is complete and that this data up-to-date and up to date.
It is strictly forbidden to information in its profile to indicate that they are or during use or presenter Spotify-mitarbeiter the support that it is a community claim spotify such staff or. host
They have continued to agree and agree that, for any valid reason, remove your username spotify or can use to recover.
12.2 no official support
User-generated content or other content that of, and / or representatives of the presenters Spotify-mitarbeitern spotify support shall not community posted as the official support from be interpreted. 6
Details official support refer to the section customer support.
Anything which you on the support of community, spotify and / or representatives presenters Spotify-mitarbeitern provided or made available shall be as they appear and without any guarantee.
They recognize that in content in the community expressed support nutzergenerierten opinions of this spotify users and providing content nutzergenerierten in any manner the views or directives of or its employees, shareholders, spotify senior staff, agents, directors, subsidiaries or partners, suppliers are. licensors
12.3 Belohnungsprogramm
The spotify support community if a system that spotify users at their own discretion on the basis of " received " or the quality of answers a kudos user may recompense.
They agree, agree to other users (and not only kudos to itself) and only awarded if they were and deserves, any attempt to the reward system, for example by creating more accounts or artificial answers to manipulate, abandon.
They recognize that the decision in relation to the spotify final and binding reward.
Servicing.
If you ask for their account or payments have (" questions of "), send a servicing ticket in our servicing and they use it for customer relations, set in the contact e-mail section " unto us on our website.
All reasonable efforts we are all customer support questions which are within a reasonable time to take no guarantee, however, and ensure that not all questions to customer support within a specified period and / or can be answered satisfactorily.
Export controls.
They provide us that they (1) not in cuba, iran, north korea, in sudan or in syria are located; and (2) a list of banned parties listed here.
Explain agreed in particular that they either directly or indirectly, any product any software or technology (including from or on the basis of this technology) from 6 derived products under the agreement to any destination, a legal or natural person, for which, in accordance with any applicable law is prohibited to sell, export, transfer, or otherwise it spread re-exportieren available without the consent of the competent authorities legally required to do so.
This Exportkontrollklausel will be after the termination or denunciation of the agreements effective.
15 payments, termination and time
Payment subscriptions can either through (1) or (2) a monthly payment in advance, Abonnementsgebühr pushing up the for a certain period can use (Spotify-dienste " period "), are obtained. vorausbezahlter
Kostenpflichtiges subscription if they have acquired through the use of a code expires at the end of their subscription automatically period or if there is not a sufficient balance representing prepaid for the services at their is. Vorauszahlungskonto
A kostenpflichtiges if they a test or a code subscription online register do you explain agree immediately to obtain access to spotify premium.
Kostenpflichtiges subscription or if you are on a register and a code online, then resident in germany shall apply to the following: Widerrufsrechte
WIDERRUFSBELEHRUNG right of withdrawal
You have the right, within 14 days without information reasons this treaty to withdraw.
The withdrawal period is 14 days from the date of conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must us (from 61, birger Jarlsgatan spotify stockholm, sweden, 113 56 e-mail: service @ de _) by means of a clear statement (e.g. spotify.com a by mail, fax or e-mail) consigned letter at your decision, this treaty to withdraw information.
You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but is not required.
To meet the withdrawal, it is sufficient that the communication on the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period submit.
Effects of withdrawal
Revoked this treaty if they they got all payments, which we have received from you, including the delivery costs (with the exception of the additional costs resulting from that they have a type of delivery other than the us offered favourable have chosen), without delay and no later than Standardlieferung within 14 days from the date on which the repay notified of its cancellation of this treaty been submitted to us.
For this we use the same means they repayment for the initial transaction have used unless they have expressly agreed otherwise; in any case be them for this repayment charges calculated.
The right of withdrawal shall cease during a contract for the supply of not on a tangible medium of digital content, even if the operator with the implementation of the treaty has begun, after the consumer has expressly agreed that the trader 1 with the performance of the contract before the withdrawal period begins and. his informed has confirmed that it by its approval to the beginning of the implementation of the contract loses his right of withdrawal.
Model withdrawal form on the we follow the regulatory system tell as follows: if you want to withdraw treaty (model withdrawal form, then please fill in this form and send it back.)
Spotify birger, to the from stockholm, sweden, 113 Jarlsgatan 61 56, e-mail: service @ de _ spotify.com-(s) hereby give notice that i / we (*) the i / we (*) contract concluded on the purchase of the following goods (*) / for the provision of the following service (*)-ordered on (*) / received on (*)-name of consumer (s)-address of consumer (s)-signature of consumer (s) (only for communication on paper)-date (*) delete as appropriate you can also use of our right of withdrawal under your (here) to find exercise. Online-kontaktformulars
You make use of this possibility, we shall turn you immediately (e.g. via e-mail) an acknowledgement of the receipt of such a withdrawal provided.
Her kostenpflichtiges provided that earned and their subscription period as representing prepaid payment to (or a third party, on the spotify you have acquired, e.g. a subscription kostenpflichtiges telephone, will its subscription at the end of extended automatically if you Abonnementzeitraums kostenpflichtiges through their subscription before the end of the current subscriptions quit. Abonnementseite
Withdrawal shall on the day following the last day of their current and they will be on the effectively paid Abonnementzeitraums free service federation.
16 duration and termination
This treaty loses its validity only through a withdrawal on its part or from spotify.
Recognize however and declare that the proposal of them granted in connection with the permanent licence content, including feedback, is irrevocable nutzergenerierten and even after the termination of the agreements to remain effective.
Spotify can those agreements or their access to the contents of the Spotify-dienste taking into account their legitimate interests for legitimate reasons or denounce, including in the case of a lock and / or unauthorized use of Spotify-dienste if the content or agreements.
Both spotify, and you have the agreement at any time in maintaining a period of 14 days to end of month.
Spotify terminate if you or the agreement or if their access to the spotify, do you agree that Spotify-diensten locks on the liability of the provisions in the clause spotify 18 is limited.
In order to know, as you may terminate, please sit down Spotify-konto using the " unto us page on our Customer-service-kontaktformulars with us together.
Sections 6, 7, 14, 17, 18, 19, 21, 23 and 24 of these terms and conditions and other sections of the agreements which explicitly or by their very nature, following the dissolution of the agreements remain in force must remain beyond effective.
Guarantee and disclaimer.
We are anxious to them the best possible service to provide, you recognize and state that they are, however, agree that the " state " and " as the Spotify-dienste available ' (see section 10), without express or implied guarantee or condition.
Spotify-dienste they use the at its own risk.
Spotify structure takes no guarantee of the suitability of the Spotify-dienste for a specific purpose and / or the suitability for a particular purpose, which generally and reasonable by a similar service could be expected.
Spotify does not assume any guarantee as long as it does not explicitly elsewhere has been agreed.
GARANTIEBESTIMMUNGEN apply exclusively the.
Their legal rights as consumers shall remain unaffected.
Limitation of liability.
They agree in legally permitted agree that its sole and exclusive scope for solving problems or in appeal dissatisfaction with the De-installation and termination of any Spotify-diensten using the Spotify-software Spotify-dienste.
Since spotify not accept responsibility for the content of these applications or applications third and her relationship with this third takes as separate arrangements with those third parties are taxed, her legal remedies in relation to a gross amount only in case of problems or dissatisfaction with the spotify applications or the third in their substance and / or termination of the use of such De-installation applications of third parties.
Legal allowable size in full, and in no circumstances are spotify, his senior executives, shareholders, employees, agents, directors, subsidiaries, partner, successors in title;, suppliers or licensor for 1 ZESSIONARE) all indirect, specific, accidental, exemplary or sequelae, 2 BESTRAFENDEN) all losses of data, business, or win (irrespective of whether directly or indirectly, in all cases due to the use or the absence of the possibility of using the applications or third Spotify-dienste content of the applications, regardless of the legal basis and third parties, whether spotify at the possible risk through such attention, and also if damage an appeal it was intended to Miss, or (3) the total for all, from the HAFTUNGSUMFANG Spotify-diensten the content of applications or applications third third claims is higher than that resulting from them during the previous 12 months paid amounts, the legal level liable.
Nothing these arrangements is of his liability in case of fraud, spotify representations, deaths or injuries fraudulent wrong because of its negligence and, if required by law, gross negligence or limit this free.
Some paragraphs in this section, in some jurisdictions, not if this under the applicable law is inadmissible.
Remains fully liable for damages arising from spotify damage, from injury to life, body or health costs.
In case of violation of fundamental treaty obligations due to ordinary negligence is only liable for damages or spotify costs typically have anticipated.
Essential treaty obligations are (i) what such obligations, the actual implementation of the treaty in the first place make up (ii) breach of which execution of the contract in jeopardy achievement and (iii) on the implementation you quite rightly trusted.
Aforementioned on the cases, the liability of spotify excluded.
In these cases is their only and exclusive appeal for solving problems or in dissatisfaction with the who and the any Spotify-diensten De-installation termination of the use of Spotify-software Spotify-dienste.
Since spotify not accept responsibility for the content of these applications or applications third and her relationship with this third takes as separate arrangements with those third parties are taxed, is it in lawful in relation to framework only appeal for problems or dissatisfaction with the at spotify applications or their third content production and / or termination of the use of such De-installation applications of third parties.
Rights of third parties.
They recognize and state that they are agreed that the owners of the content and certain distributors (as) beneficiaries of the agreements are entitled and App-store-anbieter are directly against them agreements.
Unlike described in this section, the agreements are not designed to anybody but you and spotify and in no circumstances arise rights for third from these agreements. Begünstigungsrechte
Also subject to the rights to end, resolution or consent to a change, the absence or the settlement of the agreements are not consent to another person.
If they are from the apple app store app inc. (" apple ") or if you are the downloaded app on a benefit, you recognise that ios-gerät the following statement in relation to apple read and understood and discretion.
This agreement is just between you and and not with apple closed. 6
Apple is for the services and content of the services is not responsible.
Apple is under no obligation, in relation to the services maintenance or provide Support-dienste
Non-compliance services at a with a contact your apple and apple is applicable commitment the purchase price of the relevant to them and, in the apple app legally permitted scope, no further in relation to the services. Gewährleistungsverpflichtung
Apple is not for the processing of their or in relation to the services or third party claims their property and / or the use of the services responsible, including: (1), (2) all claims in Produkthaftungsansprüche relating to non-compliance with applicable legal or administrative provisions of the services and (3), on the basis of claims or similar laws arise. Verbraucherschutzgesetzgebung
Apple is not for the investigation, defence, settlement and a third party, after the discharge of a claim of the services and / or their property and the use of the app intellectual property rights of this third hurt responsible.
You say that the provisions applicable during the third use of, services followed.
Apple Apple-tochtergesellschaften and this agreement and with its beneficiaries are assent to the agreement is the right (and it will be the apple of apple), this agreement adopted considered as a beneficiary of this agreement to enforce them.
Hereby they provide and guarantee that (1) have not been in a country concerned or the united states government embargo a country which, by the u.s. government as a " terrorism " was classified are located, land supportive and (2) that they are not in one of the us government's the control or listed Beschränkungsliste
Complete treaty.
Except described in this section or express, between them and spotify, the agreements all agreements concluded in writing between you and terms and conditions agreed and spotify replace all previous oral or written agreements in relation to the subject of this agreement.
Note, however, that other arrangements. the additional Nutzungsaspekte Spotify-dienste
This includes, for example, access to the resulting from a free or subsidised or Spotify-diensten Geschenkkarte tests.
When they supply for such use shall be them any aspect of its amendments indicated.
You have the opportunity to these amendments be approved.
Some of the additional conditions is available on the listed. Spotify-webseite
21 severability and surrender
Unless Anderslautendes agreements is required and a provision of this agreement for any reason and extent, influenced as invalid or this or ineffectiveness undurchsetzbar Undurchsetzbarkeit the other provisions of agreements are not or have it ineffective or and the application of this provision is undurchsetzbar in legally permitted under enforced.
A Nichtdurchsetzung agreements by the beneficiary or a third of these agreements spotify is not abstention or the beneficiary third on the enforcement of 6.
Transfer.
Spotify can these agreements or parts of the agreements and transferred its obligations under these agreements can spotify delegate.
You can these agreements or parts of the agreements not transferred to a third, nor their rights under these arrangements. unterlizenzieren
Indemnification guarantee.
Ready spotify all damage they agree of all kinds (including appropriate) and value to keep exempt legal fees if: (a) this arrangement); (b) these because of its content; (c) the emergence of nutzergenerierten on account of activities which it on, and (d) arise include Spotify-dienste if you against laws and rights of third parties are.
Clause indemnification guarantee shall not apply to the above, if they are not necessarily a fault caused specific violations.
24 choice, compulsory arbitration and place
Applicable law and jurisdiction
Unless otherwise provided by the law of a member state of the european union or any other legislation required, the agreements (and all claims arising from non-contractual or in connection with disputes / them) the laws of the federal republic of germany, regardless of the choice of law and the rules on. conflict of laws
Spotify is not linked to the codes of conduct under the agreements as services provided to. mandatory
Contact.
Spotify-diensten if you ask for the arrangements, or the contact the customer services 6.
They use the section " unto us on our website.
We thank you for the reading of our conditions.
We hope that you like. 6
Vertragsschließende entity:
From 6
Regeringsgatan 19, se-111 53 stockholm
Sweden (sweden)
Se556703748501
© 6.
