Terms and conditions
General transport
The rules and procedures are subject to short-term changes.
Although information on this website so topical and correct as possible, shall be liable for the losses or damages not Terravision directly or indirectly through this information costs.
For information on the terms click below:
Definitions
Service-zulassung
Serviceleistung
Tickets and reservations
Access
Luggage
Responsibilities of Terravision
Claims
Tickets
Fahrgastverhalten
Communication
Conclusions
Conditions of carriage stansted services
Rhine airport express bus
Rhine vapetibus
Terms and conditions varzi
Terms and conditions prague airport transfers
Modlin bus-terms and conditions
Faroshuttlebus-terms and conditions
Definitions
The terms used have the following meaning: "-" vehicle or other transport from bus passengers travel with the planned Terravision; " journey "-on the journey on the basis of information to passengers, the ticket, are entitled "; "-activity of society service; " luggage '-every object of passenger.
Service-zulassung
Passengers must be in possession of a valid ticket to to use and should this while Transport-service. keep total duration of the trip
After leaving the vehicle is to be completed as travel.
In outward and return journeys, the voyage after leaving the vehicle on the return journey ended as to look at.
Serviceleistung
Transport
Terravision transported all passengers who hold a valid ticket.
The ticket is a record of the agreement between the company and the passenger.
The ticket is owned by the company on request must and must Terravision.
At its express request must be returned to the ticket. Terravision
Passengers with disabilities.
Passengers with disabilities, this fact in the reservation did not specify may, service and transport.
Minors
Terravision is no service for unaccompanied minors (under 14).
Permit or other Sonderdienstleistungen are not available.
Minors under 14 shall have a passenger aged at least 16 be accompanied both tickets must jointly Jahen be recorded.
Children 4 years up to and including a ticket and free of charge may ride with me.
Children aged from 6 to pay the fare under the respective tariff.
Pets
Terravision transported no pets, except for the blind or deaf Führhunden passengers.
Tickets and reservations
Validity of tickets
With ticket you can select the service, which is noted for the trip Terravision is used.
Modified damaged or cease to be valid for the tickets booked trip.
E-tickets
Augedruckt and before the passengers board the tickets must our staff are shown.
Should passenger delays on the ticket specified by Miss the ticket for departure, the subsequent departure valid.
Missed should the departure for the last day, has the departure of the act also for the next day ticket still valid.
Priority boarding is guaranteed only for the reserved indicated on the ticket departure time.
Sitzplatzreservierungen
Passengers for a particular voyage would be a seat reservation this the desired on the reserve Online-buchungssystem date of departure.
Ticketänderungen
Passengers can only the date and the time before the desired date of departure on my account. Terravision change
Tickets Terravision by can not bought employees exchanged or change.
Responsibility of the passenger
The passenger has a duty to the ticket prior to the sale to check to ensure that this right has been issued.
Stornierungsbedingungen
Tickets are ineligible.
Terravision shall not be obliged to errors in the entries, changes, or to flight cancellations Reisepläne flight delays.
Privattransfers cancellation of for groups:,, rome ciampino.-fiumicino civitavecchia
The cancel a confirmed reservation by the customer is free of charge, if you in writing by e-mail (@ terravision.eu) at least 5 groups working days before the service is reserved.
Is informed of the cancellation of less than five working days from the date planned for the journey, the full costs charged to final customers.
Invalid ticket
Passengers with a valid ticket must travel.
If Fahrscheinkontrolle reveals that a passenger has a ticket, he is invited to invalid by bus to leave or, alternatively, the driver a ticket to solve.
Fraudulent E-tickets
Terravision proposes owned by passengers to confiscate, E-tickets if it gives reason to believe that this on fraudulent way has been prepared.
Passengers are also owned by the use of fraudulent drawn up tickets and services can be prosecuted excluded.
Lost ticket
Terravision is not liable for the replacement of stolen tickets.
In case of loss or theft, to use the service another ticket to be acquired.
Access
Stops
Vehicles shall only to the scheduled and places along the routes must be rectified.
Passengers shall be responsible for the right to achieve and the right bus stop bus to board.
Authorised maps of all stops are available at www.terravision.eu.
Late passengers
Passengers must be on the day of departure at least 15 minutes before the scheduled departure at the station will.
Terravision shall not be liable for trips that due to a delay of passengers missed and shall not be obliged to passengers who are too late.
For tickets from the city centre to the airport:
Select association as well as that it airport within two hours before the departure achieve sufficient time to check in.
Please note that not to cause the wreck outside the Terravision reasonable control, or road transport and traffic accident.
If you do not comply with the terms of this directive, can you can make no for compensation passes.
Connections: it is the responsibility of the passenger, enough time for another change. transport
Luggage
Approved baggage
Terravision calculated did not pay for, there is still a baggage limit to the number of bags, which can be taken as long as these can be stowed housed.
Little cabin baggage can be taken on board, if required by the scheduled can be accommodated and no risk to safety Gepäckfächern.
This judge is at the sole discretion of the driver.
Insofar as the place on board, the staff of the company also allowed, skates, roller ski bicycles and other " " ride, please consult this Sondergepäckstücke the valid fares.
Passengers Terravision should go to to determine whether a specific article on board is allowed.
Article fragile, as electronics, portable television sets and radios are on board allowed only if they have a reasonable size.
Small musical instruments such as guitars, cellos, or are only against the corresponding violas violins and a remuneration took. Sitzplatzreservierung
Folding wheelchairs and other for disabled persons are transported free of charge. Fortbewegungshilfen
Drivers passengers are like the invite but are not helpful, heavy lift. verplichtet baggage
For reasons of responsibility for safety and health can not over 32 kg or with baggage Terravision dimensions exceeding 81 cm high and 119 cm long ride.
The Gewichtsbeschränkungen shall not apply to for. Forbewegungshilfen Gehbehinderte
Terravision liable either for not properly packaged or were still fragile for perishable on the surface of suitcases slight damage (for example, dirt and scratches, spots), within the framework of normal dellen transport conditions may occur.
Not permissible luggage
Terravision transport of the following goods is not required: firearms, and other sharp objects, guns, knives, chemical substances, explosives drugs or solvent (except) toxic or hazardous biological materials such as drugs, blood contamination, radioactive materials, rat poison corrosive substances such as mercury and vehicle batteries and all other substances, companies are classified as hazardous may cause injury or for this type of means of transport, due to their weight, their form, or seem not suitable. Zerbrechlich- perishability
Above listed article will not and shall be immediately removed as luggage authorised if these discovered on board.
Packaging and marking of luggage
All baggage of passengers shall be appropriate and with the name and the address packaged and of passenger. provided Telefon-nummer
Terravision reserves the right to the transport of baggage, the following a check carried out these reject does not comply.
All baggage, apart from the cabin baggage must be in scheduled bus. the stowed baggage
Cabin
Cabin can in scheduled on the luggage compartment of the bus housed the passenger at any time to them.
Therefore the passenger, even for the loss of his liable. cabin baggage
Valuables cash, as we recommend jewellery, identity cards, and essential medicines in the compartment for the Elektronik-artikel cabin baggage to stow.
Liability for lost baggage
In the case of loss of luggage from a vehicle or at the bus stop is prison. this Terravision
The passenger shall bear the costs for storage and for possible of lost baggage. Nachsendung
Baggage Telefon-nummer, not related to and address of the passenger shall be marked according to a storage period of one month destroyed.
Gepäckstückes examines the contents of and, it should contain dangerous goods and perishable goods 48 hours after the fund destroyed.
Baggage by other passengers and found immediately to the staff of the means of transport, are also to be given to).
Lost luggage, our staff shall be notified immediately of this confirmed, with details of all articles and in writing within 72 hours after completion of the journey:, via archimede 164-rome 00197 Terravision-italy-or by e-mail: customerservices @ or for any other address terravision.eu we have published for this purpose.
Terravision shall not be liable for stolen goods and baggage.
Terravision recommends that you in your luggage insurance companies, which are specialised in against Transportschäden to assure.
Responsibilities of Terravision
Transport
Terravision is in accordance with the rules on the transport of passengers, holders of valid ticket required.
The company is still obliged to inconvenience to passengers during the trip on a reducing. Mindesmaß
Reiseverzögerungen or cancellations
Timetables on published information. are approximate www.terravision.eu
The company reserves the right to amend them and the users of the reasons for this and to teach them to provide alternative timetables.
Terravision announcement for passengers may in time to travel to suspend or cancel.
In this case the company can decide to add a new journey exposed to replace or journey to extend the validity of the tickets.
Terravision shall not be liable for loss, damage or cost to passengers due to delays or Sotrnierungen emerge.
Terravision shall not be liable to passengers that their journey not have reserved.
Cancellation Inanspruchname after the service
Unless circumstances, it is not in the sphere of is, should the bus before reaching Terravision of passenger the ride, the end goal elected companies the right, on the following options to choose: (a) an alternative means of transport, the achievement of the select destination; (b) a guaranteed Fahrgast-zieles Ersatz-fahrzeug to provide; (c) the passenger to the journey involves (d) a Voucher).
No liability
Terravision shall not be liable for the circumstances are beyond its mission.
Hereinafter examples of outside the mission of the company: Ereignsise war or, accidents on the poor, war threats or exceptional weather conditions, fire Service-routen and / or damage to bus stops, vandalism, terrorism, transport, local uprisings or unrest. unvorhersebarer
Death and physical injury
Terravision reimbursed the damage due to his carelessness arose and the death or injury as a result.
Airlines
Terravision Service-qualität is not for the airlines, not for flight delays or cancellations responsible.
Claims
Procedures
Passengers have their rights and, if necessary, shall personally proof to their identity and the associated provide. Flugdokumentation
If the ticket for more than one passenger has been issued, all passengers their demands at the same time submit.
Claims must be addressed to the offices of or by e-mail to Terravision: customerservices @ terravision.eu.
Claims shall, within 30 days following made. date of departure
Acquired tickets demands must end.
Tickets
Properties
The ticket is personally to third and valid for six months from transferable, on the date of issue ticket.
Can vouchers for all services of used in Terracafé Terravision in rome and florence ahead of schedule.
Redemption of vouchers;
Should passenger service in a seek of the value of the ticket finder exceeds is the difference by the passenger to pay.
If the service costs less than the value of the ticket finder, do not warden. given inland water transport
Fahrgastverhalten
Desired behavior
Passengers must stops and on board buses correctly and behave properly and the instructions of the staff of lead. Terravision
Not permissible behavior
Improper behaviour of passengers is strictly forbidden.
Threaten examples are: the employees of other passengers, a cloakroom, or Terravision the other passengers, blocking the emergency exits or the unease caused, sounds, musical instruments or radios Mittelganges video games, which interrupt. travelling companions
It shall be prohibited on board to eat or drink.
Alcohol or drugs are on board strictly forbidden, nor are under the influence of drugs or alcohol passengers transported.
Terravision reserves the right to access to refuse or the passengers to leave the bus to those rules, or if you have the behaviour disregard as forbidden can be estimated.
Liability for the behavior of passengers
Terravision shall not be liable for acts and the absence of other passengers on the bus or acts at stops.
Scrupulous behaviour on the company respects, however, all passengers.
Communication
Terravision provide passengers with all information on notifications by e-mail or, general Fahrplanänderungen cancellations in the reservation to address driving specified.
The dispatch of the e-mail shall be considered evidence for the reception.
Terravision if they have a valid email address check sent the roadmap 24-72 hours prior to departure or at one of the company's Informationsstände www.terravision.eu.
Conclusions
Instructions
The Transportvertrag with agreed, is subject to the currently Terravision valid for passenger and general conditions, the relevant instructions and / or Gepäcktransport regulations on particular subjects.
In message is based on the terms and conditions of this, an integral part of the treaty referred Terravision.
We are informing on the purpose and the procedures on the transfer of our data processing and data they simplicity, as " (he Terravision company ") for their participation in the website (simplicity, " as he www.terravision.eu side ') made available.
The purpose and duration of the processing of their data is strictly limited to their participation in the side.
The entity may it provided data for all purposes, to their participation are bound, including the possibility of them a access to all services offered on the side to offer.
The company reserves the right to these data also for all legal purposes, with the exercise of his business are linked.
If necessary, has the right to change these Terravision if in this sector Datenschutz-bedingungen changes have taken place, which laws or procedures for using, iip and related data collection, services and technology.
These changes occur at the publication by the company on the side in force.
By continuing use of these services that are offered as a Terravision has been updated, agrees with the user implicitly Datenschutz-bestimmung these changes.
So it is important that the user is the data protection rules by all changes regularly read through informed.
Should iip and the relevant procedures and use of data processing, the iip and the corresponding data management of their individual users, subject to this also substantially change at the time of its formation valid data protection regime was, unless the user, the amendment shall inform and agreed with that.
In particular, the company can:
(A) data processing it to carry out analyses, and statistics and preferences to consumer satisfaction Marktbeobachtungen use the services provided;
(B) their data, and those who of their navigation on the side can be derived in order to identify and those for commercial profiles, advertising and trade promotion; use Marketing-zwecke for these purposes, the company can use the cookies are small files from your computer, save for their navigation on pages to monitor;
(C) of new properties of the page to inform and, more generally, the initiatives taken of the company.
For processing and as part of the above may all your data representations to third parties, public or private persons, as well as businesses, are passed on the conduct and statistics and to companies Marktforschungen, create and with advertising deal. marketing strategies
The provision of data and an undertaking to process, communication and disclosure are for the binding and the above-mentioned purposes required Projektteilnahme.
If the required data can not be provided, or the approval of the relevant processing, sharing and disclosure is refused, the project and its activities can not participate.
Their personal data are electronically by persons, both offline as online, in particular, processed by the company were commissioned as its employees, partners or consultant.
Page can contain the left it to other sides pass.
Pages www.terravision.eu with control, escape linked by the company and its may described here differ. data protection regulations
Therefore, the company is in no way responsible for the violations of their privacy on other pages, when the www.terravision.eu.
Also is the company does not in any way for the direct transmission of their personal data or confidential information or any other information on the type, forums belong. Seitenabschnitten
The company reserves the right to their data made available to any buyer of the company or its branches form.
They can exercise their rights, such as those of access, the information on information on the sources of personal data, for the purposes and procedures for the processing of data controllers, persons and to open accounts individuals or groups of individuals to whom these data or is made available, as well as disclosed the right to update, correct, integration, revocation, transformation, blocking of data processed-they have the same illegally the right with the administrator of the data under the below addresses to contact.
As administrator of the data is finance, by e-mail to contact london Terravision: customerservices @ terravision.eu.
Registered office: park view the vale, london, 183 -189 W37rw.
