Conditions
(Residing for users in the european economic area (eea), in switzerland and in the united kingdom)
Last updated: july 2020
Her relationship with us.
Tiktok welcome to.
Tiktok is a leading platform for building and parts of the " platform "). (short videos
These conditions (" ") are considered to be agreement between them conditions of use and us.
She shall determine the conditions under which they on the platform and our related websites (such as), products, services, applications tiktok.com and other content that under these conditions offered (total: the " services "), and how they can access this be allowed to use.
The services are provided by the company, which offers services in their region (", " " we " or " Tiktok us "):
Persons resident in the european economic area (" eea ") and in switzerland: the services are provided by technology, with a limited Tiktok office 10 earlsfort terrace dublin, ireland, and the d02 T380 Firmennummer in ireland society. 635755 registered
Persons resident in the united kingdom: the services are provided by technology, with the uk limited Tiktok office, london, wc2b Wework, 125 kingsway, great britain, and Firmennummer 6nh in england society. 10165711 registered
Their service providers may change if you move to another country and our services to take.
The services are for private, non-commercial use provided.
For the purposes of this are the definitions of " them " conditions and " you " on them as users of the services.
The terms of use constitute a legally binding agreement between them and us.
Please time, carefully to read. these conditions
If you do not agree, please do not register, aren't you going to the services and not use it.
Description of the services.
The services and the platform shall be only to persons who at least 13 years old.
Do not use the services and the platform on the mobile applications of (" app "), and on Tiktok the website (" website) benefit. Tiktok
Certain functions are exclusively in the app available.
Moreover, in their country or their region might not all services or functions available.
In various versions of the different functions available services may.
Certain functions are users below a certain age not available.
Services will lead to the establishment, publication and dissemination (the " parts) and the viewing of short videos videos other users have drawn up.
Further allow an interaction with these videos and with other users.
Videos produced and parts: in particular:
Video include or services you can import.
You can edit your videos and by filters and additional elements richer.
They may also include in their video content other users but only if the producer of the video the use of its content for these purposes allowed.
As long as you the use of their content for this purpose may allow other users their content in their own videos used.
Videos they can within the services published so that other users can take their videos.
The videos, as public, are within the app and published on the website's website.
You can have your videos of the video, or other parts of their videos have allowed, on various and social Medien-plattformen third Messaging-dienste (e.g. instagram, facebook, twitter, youtube) in accordance with their respective conditions of use in other parts.
You can upload a video, a different tags and enter. Videobeschreibung Datenschutzeinstellungen
Further you can in its public a short biography and a set Nutzerprofil profile picture.
Supplementary under the conditions of our virtual objects you can hold policy, using coins Live-streaming-funktionen Live-streams buy and coins against (the exchange gifts " live "). Stream-programm
Videos view: you can see. services other users on the video
In particular:
Videos you can look at other than publicly divided or videos of users, which they follow.
The service provides an individual " for you " page available.
There look recommendations for videos of the services on the basis of selected something for you could be interesting.
For more information please see our privacy policy.
The service also offers other possibilities, content to find you can consider, such as a list of other users in their profile, a video and a search Kategorie-auswahl.
Live-streams other users you can look.
Interaction with other users: they can also interact with content as with the other users other users themselves.
In particular:
Direktnachrichten: you can send messages to users if they follow them.
Likes (" like "): you can videos, " like. "
Comments: depending on the preferences of their users to, you can leave comments on the video.
Follows (" "): you can follow other users consequences.
Users their profile, they can limit if only follow this if your request approved.
Functionality find friends / friends: " on the address book their mobile phone and on facebook, you can find their friends.
Pro-konten: you can you account to a free. " " Pro-konto upgraden
Pro-konto with a can you tap into, such as summary statistics on additional functions of its content.
Tiktok creator (" if you on marketplace) programme, marketplace they can on the menu of on the settings access and questions on Pro-kontos Marketplace-funktionen taxes.
Restrictions services: we seek to the service without any substantial offer him and continuously improve interruptions.
However, it may occur that the service as a result of planned or unplanned absenteeism, for maintenance purposes in technical problems or wholly or in part for certain times is not available.
3 agreement to the conditions of use
For their registration, access to the services or the use they must be able to conclude that a legally binding treaty Tiktok conditions contains.
They must also be at least 13 years old, this support and undertake to comply with these conditions.
You access to our services and their use are subject to our policy and our virtual objects in addition Community-richtlinien.
The relevant provisions may be found directly on the platform or if the platform by will be made available in a given download app store for their mobile device.
These additional guidelines and directives are in these legally binding treaty between them and us by reference included.
Read our data protection directive, as this describes how your personal information is used.
In the name of an entity or a legal entity to access or use services: (a) the terms " you " and " you " include you and this company or that legal person, (b) they must have a authorised representative of the undertaking or the legal person, is entitled to these conditions, the organisation to bind and these conditions on behalf of the organisation and (c) agree to your company or their legal person is legally and financially for their access to services and their use responsible as well as for access to your account or its use by others with their organisation are associated.
This includes staff representative or subcontractors.
On the platform there is always a copy of our current available in the conditions of use include the date of last update.
Nevertheless, you should safety a copy of the conditions of use for their own documentation print or save locally.
4. amendments to the conditions and services
Integrate innovations in our services and we regularly change and improve on this.
Also we can, for example, if we amend conditions of service or legal changes if update functionalities based on these conditions or have been made to the services.
We provide them with a reasonable time in advance of any significant changes in these conditions or in our services tell a great inconvenience to they represent or their access to our services or substantially restrict its use of our services.
This is done by a reference to our platform.
Conditions even this they should regularly for changes review.
If we make a change, we change the very beginning of terms, " last updated " declared date.
This reflects the date on which the always reflect in their last updated form in conditions of use force.
We shall allow the use of services by our people not and that do not respect. not accept conditions
, Therefore, you continued access to services or their continued use of services after the date of entry into force of the new conditions of use as their consent to these new conditions of use.
Amended conditions if they, they must not agree to access to all services and their use an immediate and, where appropriate, its account closing.
Changes in the conditions of use or services which we need to undertake safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be in a position to you in advance for information.
We thereof, however, as soon as possible inform.
Its account with us.
In terms of some of our services access and be able to use, you must create an account with us.
In drawing up this account they must and up-to-date information; sound
It is important that their data and any other information that you provide without delay, so that they foster and update up-to-date and always is complete.
The terms of use are also on the platform available to them at any time.
It is also important that the password for your account confidential treatment and do not to third parties.
If you know or suspect that a third password knows or transferred to your account has, they are accessed this immediately inform.
Fill in the form at https: / / / / report / feedback from legal www.tiktok.com.
Termination.
We reserve the right to their temporarily or permanently to block or to Nutzerkonto terminate or their access to parts of the services or to all the services to limit or control.
We are not obliged to give advance notice of this.
This authorisation shall apply to the freezing and / or termination with and without reason.
Reasons include:
We are convinced that with reasonable consideration it against the conditions of use, including this enrolled agreements and directives (such as the Community-richtlinien), or to have rules applicable laws or or objective reasons for believing that such an infringement is;
Find account as part of their activities, in our judgment, the damage with us or our services cause or may cause or us or our services affect or could affect or the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights) hurt or could infringe;
Equivalent require to law enforcement authorities or other public authorities as part of a valid legal process comply with;
Unexpected safety issues have occurred there are technical or; or
Find account for longer periods not in their activities.
Nutzerkonto if we close or terminate, you will be permanently beforehand contact so that they have sufficient time to their information and access to this content and save.
This does not, however, if we have reason to believe that the continued access to your or our services or harm us Nutzerkonto against an invitation by law enforcement authorities or other public authorities or applicable laws or regulations or the rights of third parties would be contrary.
, Subject to any legal rights, which they are entitled, may in the case of temporary or permanent closure or termination access to your account username, password and all its related information and with your account related content also blocked or be terminated.
Availability as their contents, you shouldn't guarantee they create backups of all content are important.
Our services if you wish, you can no longer use the deletion request to your account.
For on the platform appropriate functionalities.
Alternatively, they may form at https: / / www.tiktok.com / legal / report / feedback in
We do like to further support and accompany them by the process of deleting your account.
Please note that if you decide to cancelling your account can this no longer to be reactivated or information they retrieve content stored.
7 the use of, services
Their access to services and their use shall be subject to conditions and all those applicable laws and regulations.
The following are not allowed:
Access to the services or their use, if they do not at least 13 years old or are unable to agree to this; conditions
Services copying, to change, adapt to translate back to develop, to, or derived from disassemble dekompilieren works to create, with this ban also all files, tables or (or parts thereof), recorded documentation or the source code, algorithms, methods or techniques to determine the platform are embedded or is trying to do, or derived thereof to produce works, unless we have explicitly in advance our agreement to such activities issued;
Services or derived from works totally or partially, to drive, to transfer or to sell to grant licences;
Services for a fee, market for rent or to lease or the platform to use advertising to drive or to commercial tender unless we have explicitly in advance our agreement to such activities given;
Services without our express written consent for commercial or unauthorised purposes, including the communication or purpose of advertising or or; Kundenanwerbung Spam-e-mails
The proper functioning of the services to disrupt or is trying to do, and the platform, our website or other services related to disrupt or networks to circumvent the measures we might to prevent or restrict access to the services use;
The platform or part thereof to another program or a different product as well.
In such a case we reserve the right to refuse to withdraw from the services, accounts or access to the services in our judgment, limit;
Automated systems or software to data for commercial purposes from the services to extract (" "). Screen-scraping
This applies irrespective of whether these systems or software from third parties operated or not;
Pretend another natural or legal person or false information about themselves and their relationship with any other natural or legal person or this otherwise false testimony.
This includes creating the impression that the content that they publish to upload or otherwise make available the spread from services;
Other intimidate or harassing or clearly materials, discrimination based on sexual violence or race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, age or sexual orientation should be encouraged.
'S account, the service or the system of another without the approval of this or to try to use or Tiktok a false identity within the services to prepare.
Services in a way, to use for them or us a conflict of interest or the purposes, which cause services; otherwise could undermine.
Examples are about the exchange of information with other users or creating reviews of the request or reviews of products or services advertise services;
Services being used to deliberately, negligence or negligence, to provide the following to spread, upload to save or otherwise made available:
Materials resistant to applicable law or the rights of other referred;
Computer viruses, trojans, worms, or other materials or vicious Logikbomben technologically are harmful.
Unwanted or unauthorised advertising,, ", " " advertising, " " spam Junk-mail, " " " or other Kettenbriefe Pyramidensysteme forms of advertising prohibited;
Materials copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property or hurt another person could infringe;
Materials privacy or any other person or a dead person personal rights referred;
Materials a person or offensive, obscene, slander, hateful; or pornographic riot
Materials instructions for crimes, dangerous activities or behaviour constitute promote or provide; selbstverletzendes
Materials which are designed to provoke or to irritate people, in particular " or the " or bullying Trolling intended people to trouble to damage, to be frightening, embarrassed, and harry surprised.
Materials threats of any kind, including the threat include physical violence;
Racist or discriminatory materials, including discrimination on grounds of race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality.
Answers reactions, comments, opinions, recommendations, for which it analyses or not properly licensed or otherwise qualified;
Materials in our judgment, indecent or other persons in the use of services or restrict or impede the services or the users a Tiktok damage or liability of any kind could expose.
Above prohibitions, you on the access to services and their use always in line with our stand. Community-richtlinien
We reserve the right to access to content at any time and without prior notice or suspend permanently or temporarily to remove when the content in our judgment against these conditions or the rights of third parties (including Community-richtlinien our intellectual property rights) or applicable laws or rules or breach might be in breach or otherwise for the services, our users or third parties are harmful.
Intellectual property rights.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect that for you the same.
As a condition for their access to services and their use, they shall undertake, the intellectual property rights in the use of other services not to hurt.
One example is, inter alia, to undertake, no content in the services, the ownership of another unjustified upload person.
Content.
Tiktok-inhalte
Relative between them and directly: all content, software, Tiktok images, texts, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trade marks, copyright, pictures, audio, service marks, videos, music and the appearance of the services, the platform and the app and all related intellectual property rights (the " ') are either owned by Tiktok-inhalte or were to licensed. Tiktok Tiktok
It recognises that they or their licensor the owners of the), defined as follows (Nutzerinhalte about the services or shall upload.
Tiktok-inhalte or other materials, their use of under the services to be provided for purposes other than those who after this is explicitly allowed conditions strictly forbidden.
Such content and materials may without prior express written authorisation of us or our not downloaded, printed, copied, licensors disseminated sent to transfer, appropriate sent sold or otherwise be used, with the licensed recycling is not important.
Licensor reserve we and our complete and absolute all rights to this content and materials that of or in connection with the services and the emergence of, other than those expressly Tiktok-inhalten to be granted.
We can use the services through their revenue and increase goodwill or otherwise our value increased.
Examples include, in particular, the sale of advertising, sponsorship, and gifts (such as below, Nutzungsdaten promotion actions defined).
As far as we in these conditions or any other arrangement between them and us not explicitly otherwise, you will have in the rules, the goodwill value and our revenue. no part
Unless conditions in these or any other agreement between them and us explicitly otherwise,: (i) they have no right to revenue or other remuneration from the (as defined below), Nutzerinhalten nor from their use of musical works, recording or clips them within the audiovisual services or by the services are made available.
Including you prepared; (ii) they're Nutzerinhalte prohibited to make rights within our services or services of the third Nutzerinhalte (especially youtube, facebook, twitter, instagram or other social) or a Medien-plattformen monetarisieren in return for finance.
This applies to the extent in which in some way in the context of services Nutzerinhalte worked or otherwise were changed, including the use of (such as specified below.) includes Tiktok-elementen
Them is hereby under these limited, not a non-exclusive conditions, not transferable, worldwide license to unterlizenzierbare widerrufliche access to services and the use of the services provided.
This licence shall also include the download of platform on a lawful and access to the equipment through their use of the services, but Tiktok-inhalte exclusively for their private, non-commercial use and in accordance with those conditions.
Tiktok reserves complete and absolute all in these not specifically granted rights to the conditions of use and the services before. Tiktok-inhalten
They acknowledge and agree that this them in relation to the services provided at a denunciation your account or the licence expires. conditions automatically
Regarding sound (and they contain within the releases) services or on the services to be provided, they shall have no rights given to those conditions of use.
They consider the other services provided within the content at their peril.
The substance of our services are intended for general information provided.
You're not the advice to which they are allowed to leave thought.
Before based on the content of the services or take action, they must refrain from a professional or expert advice take.
We give no assurances, either explicitly or tacitly or guarantees that, in the (including Nutzerinhalte) correct Tiktok-inhalte fully or be timely, and is therefore not to take.
Where links to other services provided by third parties, websites and resources, they will be left exclusively to contain your information provided.
We know the content not on or about the websites and resources are available, and have no control over.
They recognise it and agree that us in relation to such content is no liability.
Left using this is not a approval of linking of information to look at the websites or as you or older can make.
We shall not be obliged, by them or by other users of published content (including the platform) prior to the publication to verify Nutzerinhalte to monitor, after the publication to verify or to deal with.
Of users prepared content
It users of services can be allowed to content of the services, to publish or upload to provide (e.g. over a stream or otherwise make available).
This includes in particular texts, photos, and contained therein, recording Nutzervideos musical works (including videos locally stored recordings of their personal music library and in the mount) Umgebungsgeräusche services or otherwise on this are provided (uploaded. " " Nutzerinhalte
They acknowledge and agree that users of the services or otherwise of them on uploaded the services makes available wholly or partly able to extract Nutzerinhalte new to compile. Nutzerinhalte
Including through cooperation drawn up by several users and other them Nutzerinhalte, users and combine mix. Nutzerinhalte
Users services may also music, graphics, stickers, (as in the virtual objects virtual objects specified) and other policy defined and of elements (" ") provided Tiktok in mount and these Tiktok-elemente Nutzerinhalte on the services provided. Nutzerinhalte
Information and materials in the us were neither verified nor Nutzerinhalten approved.
This also applies to the who. Nutzerinhalte Tiktok-elemente
The views expressed by other users of services (including an expression through the use of), do not reflect our views virtual gifts or against values.
Functions access or if you use this to upload them or supply of services or by the solicitation of Nutzerinhalten other users of services, they should allow the above described in item 8 standards.
Is or upload in the transmission of certain social third such as instagram, facebook, Medien-plattformen youtube and twitter.
Further should they decide to their possibly including those containing Nutzerinhalte on websites or platforms Tiktok-elemente or by third parties to submit upload hosted.
In this case, they must not only the rules of such as regards content providers comply with, but also the paragraph 9 as described in this standard.
They promise that such contributions these standards.
They shall be liable to us for all violations of these and are obliged to assurance us in this respect value.
This means that they are responsible for any loss or damage which we but because they broke that assurance.
All Nutzerinhalte are considered as non-confidential.
Nutzerinhalte do not on the services or of the services that they provide or publish on us as confidential or owned by other persons standing watch.
Nutzerinhalte if you on the services shall provide, do you agree and explain that you are the owner of those, or that they all necessary consents Nutzerinhalte (including all necessary licences) or shares by the owner or authorised to do so have received have been those in the service, they upload Nutzerinhalte on the services to be provided and / or the third platforms within the services or otherwise on the Nutzerinhalte services can be.
If you only the rights to a sound, but not to the underlying, are contained therein, do not sound this musical work on the services or otherwise make available upload.
Otherwise shall apply only if they have all permits (including necessary licences) or the owner that content shares to the services to send or have been authorised to do so.
Conditions unless they otherwise, are not explicitly the copyright and other intellectual property rights to the us sent you or the legitimate the Nutzerinhalte Nutzerinhalten further.
By transmitting on the services they shall nevertheless provide the following Nutzerinhalte rights: (i) we and our related companies or representatives, service providers, partners and other related third party, an unconditional, not exclusive, irrevocable, fully transferable (with a freephone), permanent, worldwide license to Unterlizenzierung use, change, adaptation, reproduction, production of derivative works, publication and / or transmission and / or distribution of, as well as other users of the authorising Nutzerinhalte services and third parties, to look at this point, this access Nutzerinhalte to use, should be amended to adapt to download, derived from it produce replicate works to publish these and / or to send, both in its formats and on all platforms, whether already known or later developed; (ii) other users of the services, not exclusive, irrevocable, unconditional, indefinite, worldwide license to use freephone, change, adaptation, reproduction, production of derivative works, to download, for publication and / or transmission and / or dissemination of all or some of their Nutzerinhalte
Further give us and our related companies, agents, service providers, partners and other related third party a free licence to use of their, your image, and her voice Nutzernamens her to it as a source of Nutzerinhalte Abbildes to be identified.
To doubt to avoid was made clear that: in the preceding paragraphs of this paragraph shall include the rights granted rights to reproduction of sound recordings (and establishing the mechanical in such recordings contained releases copies) and the public performance and communication (and this recordings in such releases to the public) contained recordings, both on of free basis.
This means that they grant us the right to use their, without the payment of Nutzerinhalte royalties they or third parties to be committed to.
These include, in particular the third recording (for example, a record label) copyright owners, copyright owners of (e.g., a publishing company), a musical work pursuant to organisation for performance (e.g., ascap, etc.) " (a bmi SESAC "), a collective rights manager for collecting society (e.g. recordings), trade unions or guilds and Soundexchange technicians, producers and other interested parties who knowingly or otherwise) have been involved in the production of. Nutzerinhalten
Specific rules for musical works and musician if they composer and author or a musical work pursuant with associated to take your a collecting society free license to inform on collective rights manager us in line with those in their conditions of use granted. Nutzerinhalten
It is only in its responsibility to ensure that the reporting requirements and any other provisions of the agreement concluded with that comply with which they are subject. collective rights managers
If their rights to a publishing company, they must have the support of this ceded to catch up with in accordance with this Musikverlags conditions for its grant licences. issued Nutzerinhalte free
Alternatively, you can see to it that the firm directly an agreement with us that is is subject to conditions of use.
The fact that they work (author of a musical, for example, have written a song), does not mean that they are entitled to us in these conditions to grant licences described.
Musician if they are in a record label under contract, that you have the responsibility to ensure that their use of services in accordance with the contractual obligations is to have this record label.
Including agreements on new recordings apply it on the services produce, and on which you record label rights could.
Continued rights until public rights they all in accordance with those in their conditions of use shall be based on grant Nutzerinhalten provided that it is up to each (" "). continue audience Through-to-the-audience
This means that the owner or operator of services under or in connection with the third on the availability of its services, third them or third Nutzerinhalte with no separate liability is.
Nutzerinhalten waiving the rights to through the publication of the services or of the services within Nutzerinhalten they refrain from all rights, marketing or advertising in advance to review and approve the Nutzerinhalte relate.
Further without it (if allowed) in connection with its legally or parts thereof to all rights to Nutzerinhalten privacy, personal rights or other similar rights.
They refrain (legally permitted amount) on this, which you on the all moral rights in relation to this could belong to or Nutzerinhalten through the services or otherwise make available upload.
Undertake never to assert this moral rights to support or to lodge complaints or to allow the moral rights relate.
They acknowledge and agree that we also have the right, under certain circumstances their identity to third parties who claim that they disclose in our services, or have their intellectual property rights or Nutzerinhalte uploaded their right to privacy hurt.
We reserve the right, as well as authorised third their content or their discretion in our to cut, to cut or to refuse to deal with.
We have the right, their contributions on our platform to remove, to prohibit to block or delete if the contributions we do not feel in paragraph 7 above, its use of our services ' described standards.
Also we have the right-not to be obliged, in our judgment, to remove, to prohibit to Nutzerinhalte block or delete, (i) where we believe that this is contrary to conditions of use or (ii) if we respond to complaints other users or third parties.
To advance towards them we are not obliged to them and we won't. so,
We recommend you, therefore, that you within the Nutzerinhalte copies of all services, publish on their private saving devices.
Only in this way is their permanent access to.
We won't guarantee in relation to accuracy, integrity, adequacy or quality of and we accept no liability for Nutzerinhalten Nutzerinhalte.
They determine whether their on all other users of the services the Nutzerinhalte services be made publicly available and are available only to certain persons they have laid down.
You can change the default to decide how their available. other users Nutzerinhalte
Navigate them within the services to the settings for data protection and follow the simple and clearly explained described therein steps.
Regarding users of services provided by and of us or on our behalf by third parties, or elsewhere within the services content or information we do not take responsibility.
If you are on information and material complaint by other users uploaded or if there are other issues that you want to talk to, please send us an email at https: / / / legal / report / reports. www.tiktok.com
Our staff work continuously on the development and evaluation of our own and functions. Produktideen
But we are also proud that we, the interests, the comments and feedback proposals which the us, much attention to Nutzer-community heranträgt.
If you choose us or our staff ideas for products, services, functions, changes, improvements, content, (e.g. refinements, technologies, Inhaltsangebote audio, video, games or other types of content), strategies, or product / function names or promotion actions related documentation, graphics, computer codes or other materials (jointly and charts: " ") send feedback, gelten die nachfolgenden bestimmungen.
This shall ensure that they, like us, the status of such feedback to understand.
Accordingly shall, if they do feedback provided:
We shall not be obliged to check their feedback to take into account or implement them or all or part of the feedback for some reason to return;
Feedback submitted, on the basis that it is not confidential in nature.
We are not obliged, you sent confidential or the feedback use or disclosure of feedback in some way to stop and
They give us a full, not exclusive, irrevocable exempted, (including a) fully transferable, permanent, global and unlimited Unterlizenzierung licence to adapt, reproduction, distribution, production of derivative works, modification, public performance on the basis of (also that it is up to each audience), public communications, continues provision, and other public presentation and use of the use of feedback and derivative works.
This licence is valid for all purposes without reservation.
Compensation is not to pay for it and there is no obligation, as authors to call.
This licence shall include the manufacture, use, sale, offering for sale, import and advertising for commercial products and services, wholly or partly feedback containing or justice.
This applies irrespective of whether the feedback in its original or in a modified form is used.
Haftungsfreistellung.
Tiktok undertake,'s subsidiaries and parent companies, Tiktok, affiliated undertakings and their respective executives, directors, staff representatives and advisers in relation to all claims, liabilities costs, damage and losses (in particular expenses), and Anwaltskosten schad- on the following com munity based on, or associated with a breach of such conditions through them: (or a user to your account.
In particular this includes a breach of their obligations, commitments and after these means of terms of use.
GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS.
Nothing in this has an impact on their legal rights of usage conditions: (i) rights which do not can be changed or the contract may be waived and (ii) rights to which they as consumers always and in all circumstances be entitled.
The services will be in its present form (" as "). that,
We give in terms of any representation or guarantees.
We ensure, in particular, they do not fall on and do not guarantee that:
They use the services requirements; their
A promptly, they use the services of errors will be safe or free;
Information by their use of the correct or reliable or services procured and sound
Deficiencies operation, or in the functionality of them in the framework of services provided software be remedied.
In legally allowed: service level, no conditions assurances, guarantees or other statements other than those mentioned in these provisions explicitly set out conditions of use.
Including tacit a satisfactory assurances, suitable for a particular purpose or quality pursuant to a description.
We are entitled to the availability of the platform wholly or partly of business and at any time to change, to withdraw operational reasons or control.
A corresponding announcement shall we not do so.
Limitation of liability.
Nothing in this conditions our losses or limit, as far as liability for exclusion or restriction AUSSCHLIESSEN according to current legislation would not legally.
Including liability for death or personal injury, by our negligence or negligence, our staff representative or subcontractors were caused and the liability for fraud or fraudulent before.
Section liable, subject to the above we they do not fall for the following, either from treaty, nor tort / delict (including) or negligence of other justification or otherwise to or in connection with these conditions or the provision or the receipt of services: (i) loss of revenue for; (ii) losses of goodwill; (iii) lost opportunities; (iv) data loss; (v) (vi), loss of business; (vii) loss of business disruption reputation or (viii) or indirect GESCHÄFTLICHEM sequelae of any kind.
Subject of the first subparagraph of this paragraph 12 is our liability towards them, whether from treaty, illegal (including), of other plot negligence justification or otherwise after or in connection with these conditions or the provision or the receipt of the services in the amount to the higher of the two amounts described below: (i) limited the amount it during the 12 months, the TIKTOK its claim to immediately preceding, have paid or (TIKTOK (ii) eur 100,00.
They acknowledge and agree that we subject to this amendment to the first subparagraph shall be liable for losses, they do not fall liabilities, expenses (including lawyers and), or the damage KOSTENANSPRÜCHE court fees or other persons them from or in connection with the following arise, with the liability by contract, this exclusion tort / delict (including), of negligence, or of other law refers: their reliance on completeness, justification correctness or existence of any advertising or a relationship or transaction between you and one whose advertising within the advertiser or sponsor services is displayed; changes that we in the services or make permanent or temporary cessation of provision of services (or its functions of services); cancellation, injury or failed and other storage of communications data under content they use the services maintained or are disclosed, a failure on your part us to correct or a failure, for its part, KONTOINFORMATIONEN your password or your account safely and treated confidentially.
Please note that our platform based for domestic and private use;
Undertake our platform for non-commercial and commercial purposes.
A derogation is only if we have the express written consent has been obtained.
If owned by us can equipment or digital content provided poor on digital content damage our failure is based, and due care to appropriate competence, we have the following obligations: either a repair of the damage (in this case, they are responsible for our instructions in relation to a dispatch of the device to us or our service to follow), or the payment of an appropriate compensation.
We liable but not for damage they could have prevented this that they follow our advice, a free update them to make. the
Further liable for any damage that we not be based on their failure to comply with the minimum requirements of the or INSTALLATIONSANWEISUNGEN system to meet that we recommend.
These restrictions shall apply regardless of whether we our liability on the possibility of occurrence of such losses have been informed or we have this possibility would need to be aware.
They are responsible for all by their use of our mobile phone charges service, including sms and fees for data flows.
If you are not sure what fees in detail, you will have may earn prior to their use of services with their mobile news.
Other provisions.
Governing law and jurisdiction
Persons resident in the eea and switzerland these conditions and any disputes or claims (including disputes and claims), from the nichtvertraglicher or in connection with the subject-matter of the contract shall be subject to the law of this created conditions of ireland.
Solely by the law in addition, the country of residence is compulsory.
The united nations convention on contracts for the international kills nor use as other commodity purchase similar laws, regulations or statutes in other jurisdictions.
Tiktok non-exclusive and they shall agree on the jurisdiction of the courts in ireland for the settlement of all disputes or claims (including disputes and claims), from the nichtvertraglicher or in connection with these conditions of use, or the reasons arise. contract
This is subject to mandatory local law in the country of residence, or contractual choice of court agreements directly. not abgedungen
Alternatively, you can the dispute in a forum for the alternative dispute resolution claims.
This shall be done on the platform of the commission for online dispute resolution (odr platform).
Persons resident in britain these conditions and any disputes or claims (including disputes and claims), from the nichtvertraglicher or in connection with the subject-matter of the contract shall be subject to the law of this emergence conditions of england and wales.
The united nations convention on contracts for the international kills nor use as other commodity purchase similar laws, regulations or statutes in other jurisdictions.
Tiktok non-exclusive and they shall agree on the jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales for the settlement of all disputes or claims (including disputes and claims), from the nichtvertraglicher or in connection with these conditions or the subject-matter of the contract or justify emerge.
Alternatively, you can the dispute in a forum for the alternative dispute resolution claims.
This is done through the platform of the commission for online dispute resolution (odr platform).
Open-source apps which contain certain open-source software.
This open-source software is subject to their own force. each license
You find these in our Open-source-richtlinie.
Whole agreement this (including the following additional provisions) conditions of use, the entire legal agreement between them and. Tiktok
Replace it all previous applicable before the business or conditions of use as " last updated " date referred to above apply to services found.
No our failure to surrender a provision of this to be or to enforce them (or conditions or appeal to those other rights), is not as giving up to conditions of use and the provisions or rights under these conditions to understand.
This does not prevent the future recovery of this or any other right or not. this appeal and limit
Security they themselves are responsible for their information technology, and their own computer programs that you to configure platform as our platform can access.
Virenschutz-software you should use their own.
Severability should a competent court to conclude that a provision of this, illegally or unenforceable is invalid conditions of use, this provision shall apply as from the conditions of use removed.
These conditions on other provisions this has no effect.
These remain valid and enforceable.
They have questions?
Fill in this form at https: / / / legal / report / feedback from www.tiktok.com.
Consequences of termination in the event of termination of the legally binding agreement between them and us remain the following provisions of on the early termination, effectively: conditions
Our right to use and disclosure of feedback as described in paragraph 9.
The rights of other users, and other information which they have Nutzerinhalte services shared, to the extent by further with other, to share in Re-share that prior to the termination shared.
Any amounts they Tiktok debt
Paragraphs 10, 11, 12 and 13.
Specific local rules.
14.1 users for resident in the federal republic of germany are additional provisions to find you here.
Additional provisions-app stores
After applicable in law, the following additional provisions allowable size:
Reference apple on by access to the platform on a by apple inc. (apple) made you recognize in particular device and agree:
This usage conditions applicable between them and. Tiktok
Apple conditions is not a party to this.
The them under the conditions provided licence is limited to the personal, renal, non-exclusive and non-transferable right to the platform for the private, non-commercial use on the apple authorised to install the / en / Apple-gerät in their property is / are or through the / which they control.
Apply the conditions of use in the app store by apple. " " set out use,
Apple is not responsible for the platform or the content and in no way binding, maintenance or in relation to the platform to provide. Support-dienste
Platform if an existing guarantee does not comply with, i.e. shortcomings, they can do, and they will, where appropriate, the apple report apple purchase price for the platform return.
In according to current legislation, apple maximum permissible in relation to the platform is no Gewährleistungspflicht.
Apple is not responsible to claims by them or on the third to their wealth or their platform or use of the same concern.
This includes in particular: (a) Produkthaftungsansprüche; (b) which would be supported all claims that the platform does not comply with legal or regulatory and (c) claims as part of the consumer, or a similar legislation.
Should a third assert that the platform or their wealth and their use of the same intellectual property law this third hurt is not responsible for the investigation, apple defence, or on the birth of this relatively settlement violation of intellectual property based right.
They provide the following and guarantee it: (a) they have not domiciled in a country that the american government is subject to an embargo or as " terrorism " has been identified and supportive country (b) they are not on a list of banned or restricted the american government parties).
Apple Drittbegünstigte and its related companies are these terms of use.
By their agreement with the terms and conditions governing this right this apple conditions acquires towards them. as its usage conditions Drittbegünstigter
This right shall be considered of apple adopted.
Tiktok granted the power to use the platform specifically by several users about the so-called sharing family, or a similar function, by apple provided.
Windows phone store by the download of the platform, windows phone store (or his successors in title) operated by microsoft, inc. or any of its related companies (" "), you see, in particular microsoft and agree:
You allowed a copy of the platform to up to 5 (five) for windows phone devices to install and use, activated with the associated they access Microsoft-konto on the windows phone store used.
Condition going on this we reserve the right to establish further conditions or other charges to be calculated.
They recognize that microsoft, the manufacturers and their their mobile phone any commitments, maintenance and take a network operator in relation to the platform to provide. Supportdienste
Amazon download through the platform of amazon Appstore (or his successors in title), the same event of digital services or its related companies (amazon " amazon ") operated you recognize in particular and to agree:
In the case of a conflict between (a) the conditions of use for the amazon and the other terms and conditions in amazon Appstore as the default for the amazon (jointly set Endnutzer-lizenzbedingungen application store referred to as " amazon "), and (b) Appstore-endnutzer-lizenzbedingungen the other terms and conditions of this in relation to their use of usage conditions applicable of the amazon. downloaded platform amazon Appstore Appstore-endnutzer-lizenzbedingungen
Amazon obtained from compliance or non-compliance also this conditions or the amazon or if you (or other by Appstore-endnutzer-lizenzbedingungen Tiktok users) no responsibility or liability.
Google play by downloading the platform of google play (or his successors in title) operated by google, inc., or any of its related companies (" google "), and in particular to recognize agree:
In the case of a conflict between (a) the conditions of google play and the business and of google play or other provisions, Programm-richtlinien google as the default for google play sets (collectively called Endnutzer-lizenzbedingungen as " "), and (google Play-bedingungen (b) the other terms and conditions that apply in relation to their use of the terms of use of google play downloaded platform the google Play-bedingungen.
Hereby recognize them that in terms of compliance or non-compliance also google or google by these conditions or if you (or other Play-bedingungen Tiktok users) no responsibility or liability is.
