Terms and conditions as amended: 15.5.2018
Tumblr is a us and subject to us law and american jurisdiction.
The original version of this general terms and conditions (as well as any further conditions, directives or guidelines that we provide for you), are in english.
Should contradictions between the translated version of the general terms and conditions (or the other conditions, directives or guidelines that we provide for you), and their corresponding english version occur, is the english version shall prevail.
These general terms and conditions contained in paragraph 14 of liability limits tumblr.
Hello!
Welcome to the general terms and conditions of tumblr.
Please read carefully these provisions before you our website, services or products.
This is a treaty between you and tumblr.
We have also included a number of comments that are not part of the treaty, but serve to important areas highlighted and you in understanding of the text to help.
We have in fairness and clear rules hard.
Please appeal to us if you have questions or suggestions.
1. acceptance of the general terms and conditions
Please read these general terms and conditions and our (the " treaty ") together Community-richtlinien carefully before you (the website ") and " tumblr.com / or the other domains, websites, applications, mobile applications, products, services and / or content that is provided, inc. (together with tumblr website: the " services "), inc., a company tumblr (under the law of the state of delaware and wholly owned subsidiary of oath inc., a company under the law of the state of delaware (" "), together with his agent oath, agents, advisers, staff, senior management staff and directors: ", " " we, " " tumblr us / ours. ")
Services through the use of or access to services, but you " / " you ") to subscriber, all the provisions of this treaty to be bound.
If you don't all terms and conditions of this treaty, it is not allowed, you accept the services to use.
The personalised services can not be provided and the conditions of this tumblr treaty are not fulfilled, without you and other user data on tumblr processed.
Processing of the data you to, is essential for the tumblr weitergibst services we offer and set you expect of us, including personalised content (as described below) and advertising, and a necessary part of the performance of the contract with you.
You we would like to say that now belongs, a company tumblr oath for digital and mobile media, the worldwide on more than 50 brands, and a member of the. for its part, Verizon-unternehmensgruppe
This general terms and conditions for your use of have been updated to comply with this tumblr change into account.
This section also includes your consent, to the conditions of this treaty to be bound.
Amendments to this treaty.
Tumblr reserves the right to amend this treaty through (1) of an amended treaty in the publication and / or services on the services and (2) notification you that the treaty has been amended in general and, if possible, by e-mail and otherwise by the services (for example by a notification in your or our mobile applications). Tumblr-dashboard
Amendments shall not apply retroactively.
You are responsible, you the changes to the treaty and thus to familiarize. you read
We shall have you sometimes ask an amended version of this treaty to read and agree to (or not to support this explicitly.
In such cases are the amendments on the date of the amended version of the treaty to your agreement in force.
Time if you don't approve, aren't you allowed the services continue to use.
In cases in which we do not for your explicit consent to an amended version of this treaty to you but as explained above, on the amendment shall inform the amended version of this treaty 14 days after the publication of the revised treaty and your notification of the amendment enters into force.
Uses you then, is the the services on adoption of the amended contractual conditions by you.
Changes if you don't accept, you the continued use of the services not allowed and you have to use of those services.
Note: if you before any modification of this treaty for toll services (such as specified below) have paid in advance, shall apply to the use of such services the version of the treaty, miscellaneous vorausbezahlter the at the time was in force, to the advance received. tumblr
During growth and further improvements of it may be that this tumblr general terms and conditions must change.
This is the case, we will you point out.
Last versions we will also provide for changes, additions and deletions easily can be traced.
For earlier versions please go to see the end of this document.
Use of services.
Rating:
Persons the required have not yet reached allowed the minimum age services not use no personal data available tumblr or other means of personal data (such as name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) of the services of mail.
The minimum age is (i) thirteen (13) for years, or from the european union user 16 years (or a lower age that you in your country has to transfer personal data have reached).
You must have reached the minimum age to be able to benefit. tumblr
We really mean it: this provision shall not be bypassed.
Exceptions are not supported.
Who not's old enough, can not benefit. tumblr
Changes and restrictions on services:
Services subject to regular changes and their form and functions may without prior announcement to you be changed.
Tumblr reserves the right at any time, at their discretion with or without notice restrictions on the use of the services or services.
Tumblr restrictions may also certain services or parts of such services or make your access to services, wholly or partially limit without this in advance and without financially responsible.
Tumblr services may wholly or partially change at any moment suspend or cancel.
It includes the availability of products, functions, databases and special content (as defined below).
Tumblr may also at any time accounts (as defined below) at their discretion lock or resign.
Tumblr is a platform constantly in development.
We are constantly new products, services and functions and need the flexibility to make changes, limitations to put certain tenders and occasionally to suspend or terminate (for example, functions that are not adopted.
And we can denounce or block. accounts
This may sound harsh, but we do this authorisation only if such a need, as in the general terms and conditions, and our stated. our privacy statement Community-richtlinien
Automatic use restrictions:
Access to and the use of the services is prohibited, unless you our strong,, prior written consent before: (a) manipulation or use of services or the computer or schools areas of its service providers; (or Bereitstellungssysteme tumblr b) explore, scanning, or testing of systems or networks (especially to weaknesses) or other attempts to safety or to break or to circumvent; (Authentifizierungsvorkehrungen (c) access to browse and / or attempt to access the services in any other way (Durchsuchens whether automatically or otherwise) as on the currently available public interface of provided (and only in accordance with those tumblr) and unless by the general terms and conditions of tumblr or other authorised Robot-ausschlussmechanismen robots.txt-datei; (d) of the services and in particular the tap content (as specified below) from the services; (e) use of services to amended, misleading data or data source, for example through under false to send counterfeiting of or e-mail; and (header Tcp-ip-paket-kopfzeilen (f) or make interrupt or attempt to access of subscribers Störens / Unterbrechens
Tumblr do and other users can cause no harm.
We have in this section some particularly drastic examples of such harmful measures listed.
Urls tumblr and safety of registration.
As a condition for the use of certain services and a precondition for that provide for you, it may be that some account (account '), set up your old man and an email address and password and a username for state tumblr. choose to
This Standard-verknüpfung serve as to your in in the form of [username Standard-blog tumblr] "). (".tumblr.com Tumblr-url
For each new blog, you, you must choose another einrichtest Tumblr-url.
Tumblr you'll think so accurate, complete and current registration data indicate your email address. in
It is really important that the in your email address is accurate and up-to-date. Tumblr-account deposited
Password if you ever forget or a victim to fall is a functioning Phishing-attacke e-mail address often the only way, your account?
You're also responsible for ensuring that confidentiality and so that the safety of your accounts of your Account-passwortes is maintained, and you must immediately notify when tumblr loss, theft or unauthorised use of your accounts or; or you would think. this password
Data protection.
How your data collected, and passing uses tumblr, you find in our privacy policy.
By using the services that you recognize, read the privacy statement describing how the data we cover, use and pass (as in the privacy statements set out), including the transfer of this data to the united states and / or other countries for the purposes of storage, processing and use by tumblr and (as defined below). Tumblr-konzernunternehmen
6 content and Abonnenten-inhalte
Definitions:
For purposes of this treaty, the following definitions apply: (1) ' content ' means a creative expression that without restriction video recordings, photographs, paintings, provided illustrations, animation, logos, tools, written contributions, respond to comments information, data, texts, software, script, executables, graphics, (as defined below) and templates in the services or functions interactive services provided by created or otherwise be made accessible to include.
2 Abonnenten-inhalte ": ") content that a subscriber comes, or otherwise transfers for the services provided.
To content are fully all Abonnenten-inhalte.
Your Abonnenten-inhalten rights to:
Remain subscribers and / or other holders of ownership rights to the Abonnenten-inhalten.
Tumblr and / or three remain marketing and / or other rights of ownership, which are not at all content. Abonnenten-inhalte
You keep the right to your intellectual property, which you on tumblr publish.
Tumblr licence for Abonnenten-inhalte:
Tumblr Abonnenten-inhalte if you on the services, a tumblr, you'll clean bereitstellst world-wide,,, nicht-exklusives lizenzgebührenfreies right and a transferable security unterlizenzierbares, such licence to use, save Abonnenten-inhalte hosten, reproduce, publish portray (cache-speichern publicly and in any other way), list (public and otherwise), market, modify, adapt (particularly transferred to comply with the requirements of networks, equipment, services and media, through which the services are available) and derived works to create.
Rights you with this licence, serve the purpose, limited to transfer the operation of services in accordance with tumblr functionalities to allow their to improve the services and to promote and developing new services. "
Create derived works " used in this licence is not so as to understand that a tumblr right to substantial changes to the wording, or is to be possible, for example, to discharges of subscribers, so that the Rebloggen from one to another tumblr Abonnenten-inhalte Tumblr-blog and in or after the transfer own texts or content. add Abonnenten-inhalten
If your works on facebook page, if you please, this us tumblr in every way to make available that you expect from us (for example, by the rss, of your blog, etc.). tumblr dashboard
Wir wollen niemals things with your deeds, you don't expect.
Another note: from numerous books, films, albums, are Tumblr-blogs brands etc. today.
All fees or remuneration, of course, are you for your works to get.
Are your works, and we are proud, a small part (though) to contribute to that you have achieved.
You but also that the right of all licence tumblr includes for selected third publicly geposteten content tumblr to make available so that this third such content in other media and services and / or feed it.
An example of " all publicly... to make available: " content geposteten a or could the " " Tumblr-vertriebs- Analysepartner of, a tumblr Firehose all public activities to on tumblr Live-feed partners such as search engines and receive.
Another note: this licence is even your Abonnenten-inhalte if you use of those services end.
Reason is first and foremost the social character of on the services of content: if anything publicly shared tumblr, others can comment on this, which postest your be part of a content not subsequently entertainment can be deleted, without the statements from other users to censor.
An important point that you before the publication concerns: if you should publish something on the internet, it is virtually impossible to all copies of this again later removed.
You but also to the intellectual property rights and get that third parties to respect you have all the necessary rights are to see the license for the to the us to transfer you. Abonnenten-inhalte
Tumblr may at their sole discretion left to its own on tumblr Affiliate-code annexes be published if users not before its own in the link have included. Affiliate-code
Deselect users can this function here.
Your license of content:
Tumblr gives you as the services, a worldwide, it consists subscriber, not non-transferable non-exclusive licence, content and unterlizenzierbare download, save, be considered to specify, disseminate and derived works from only content to draw up, in conjunction with your use of and in strict compliance with the functions and limitations of services (especially miscellaneous services, such as defined below).
This means, for example, that we content to you for the purposes of Rebloggings and receive.
Conformity with the community directives:
You tell that by not to hurt. Community-richtlinien tumblr
Termination and cancellation:
After termination of your accounts or the cancellation of certain parts of your from the services will be in tumblr Abonnenten-inhalte reasonable efforts to ensure that no longer can be accessed on such Abonnenten-inhalte and their use is withdrawn and where this is provided for, in the current privacy statement your and / or be deleted Abonnenten-inhalte Accountdaten unless the retention of data is required by law or permitted; and you will recognize, however, but that (a) allowances for a reasonable period to Abonnenten-inhalte Cache-speichern or may be present and Backups (b) copies of or references to can be removed (for example, not completely Abonnenten-inhalte is required by the nature of the Reblogging).
You could use your account at any time delete here.
7 special provisions for developers of applications
Software or services if you on the basis of services or content by developing, whether using the tumblr application programming interface or not, but you the application developer license agreement to api and tumblr and will this note.
8 use of marks
Any use of the trade mark, trade marks and similar such assets of logos, in conjunction with the services has tumblr of to use and must diegenehmigte Markenverwendung tumblr in accordance with the guidelines for brands of (" guidelines ') tumblr tumblr. be trademark
Templates.
Tumblr Css-code (" is a special html and ') for the template of Vorlagencode tumblr and the layout of more in some of the services available templates "). "
Some templates are available (as defined below) miscellaneous service (" "). Premium-templates
Acquired Premium-templates can not between accounts, or services in a single account blogs are transferred and subject to the payment terms set out here.
Tumblr gives you the right, in order to adapt by Vorlagencode tumblr use on your own templates to create one (Blogseite. " custom template
You can give your custom templates also as for use by other subscribers set. Abonnenten-inhalt
Condition this licence to create custom templates is, however, as in the indicated that you so Community-richtlinien not without our approval of custom templates of other places as or approved websites-from Tumblr-webseiten tumblr.
Note that other subscribers your, even if you can use custom templates this withdrew.
You erteilst such subscribers motion for a license to use of custom irrevocable, which you have been contributed. templates
In other words, you can remove your custom templates and withdraw it subscribers, they can already use but continued to use.
To custom templates to develop and drive, which are, turn your plea to Premium-templates.
10 toll services
Some of the services (" toll service, shall incur fees). including Premium-templates
All fees are in dollar.
You're obliged to all fees for such services, as in the corresponding services set out about taxes and other charges plus applicable to pay.
Toll services limited, under which licences awarded you aspects of certain services can benefit toll.
Concepts such as, sale, purchase, sell buy and similar terms all relate to your acquisition of a license to use miscellaneous services and do not transfer of rights, property or ownership of any kind.
Toll services you may either within or outside the services involved, transferred or exchange, weiterlizenzieren unless this is expressly to the rules of such toll services allowed.
Discretion tumblr, of it is in the services to modify, miscellaneous functions to remove or the terms of toll services providing services to amend. miscellaneous
Miscellaneous acquisition of services is legally binding and not (this applies particularly to toll services stornierbar directly can be used as, as specified below.) promotion actions
Exception at the sole discretion of tumblr and shall comply with the rules of the respective toll service.
Termination accounts of your or your rights under this treaty may lead to loss of you acquired. miscellaneous services
Account closed, you'll lose your, for example, the licence for all that you have earned. Premium-templates
Tumblr prices for toll services can always change.
Tumblr will you of any tell by the new prices price changes in time, or by their toll service, to be published and / or you email notified will.
If you refuse, the new prices you have the opportunity, each toll service not to acquire or to terminate before the change comes into force.
11 special provisions for promotion actions
Certain functions of services may allow for you any other subscribers to promote, and some of these functions can be services (" ") school promotion actions.
For Werbeaktionen shall be as follows: milk
By advertised products in accordance with this you must treaty and if not be the case, retain the right, tumblr at their discretion to cancel without an advertisement or can you require a refund did. Einspruchsmöglichkeit
Tumblr Werbeaktionen can in their own discretion from any reasons remove or deactivate.
Unless otherwise stated, not guaranteed that certain activities cause tumblr promotion actions, such as clicks, likes or Reblogs.
Tumblr has no control over the way subscribers to react, and is not responsible for promotion actions or other third parties, including fraudulent actions Klickbetrug subscribers.
Tumblr is not a guarantee that the reporting of accurate or is complete, nor that promotion actions to certain results and promotion actions to you is not liable or tumblr responsible for flawed reporting on processes concerning or defective or relating to (for example Werbeaktionen errors in the census or likes). Reblogs
Werbeaktionen may focus on subscribers with certain characteristics possible.
Tumblr guaranteed, however, if a certain advertisement in any case, a certain target group.
Certain promotion actions may depending on your functions, at any time are cancelled.
Werbeaktionen you must at least to the extent in which they pay in the services already use or dissemination.
By setting an advertisement licences, this'll clean you tumblr advertisement, as you have indicated so long to carry out.
Werbeaktionen can this without time limit for some.
Licences until the advertisement completed or terminated.
However, it is up to 48 hours before an advertisement in the services no longer is displayed.
12 Garantieausschluss; availability of services ' as ' fact
Your access to and use of, services and content is your on your own risk.
You'll think so that your services on the basis of " how " and " available ' provided as fact.
Tumblr closes (without restriction of above) the full amount allowed by law all the implicit or explicit guarantees of average quality, for a particular purpose or appropriateness of third party rights. Nicht-verletzung
Tumblr representation or guarantees of any kind is no regarding services, not even a representation or guarantees that the use of services (a) at any time or possible, timely, continuously sound or in combination with other hardware, software, systems or data, (b) your expectations or works, (c) claims is flawless or that errors be corrected, (d) free of viruses or other harmful constituents or (e) is completely secure and that the information which you to us, are protected. weitergibst
Tumblr are no assurances regarding the content of any kind or guarantees, in particular, are provided for them and subscribers Abonnenten-inhalte are only the relevant subscribers responsible.
Written or oral information, advice or information which you tumblr or through the services, who have no guarantees get justify what in this treaty expressly agreed.
13 limitation of rights and Haftungsfreistellung
You'll think so that rights which you from this treaty or in connection with this treaty or your relationship with tumblr, within a year are dependent shall be collected after the right arose.
Otherwise, is the right and can no longer be invoked not.
Also marry you, and his staff, adviser, tumblr, directors, shareholders and all other natural or legal person or group of persons who directly or indirectly control with tumblr under common control or tumblr directly or indirectly controlled (" tumblr ") of any responsibility and liability Tumblr-konzernunternehmen and any claims to assets and / or damages (for direct damage as sequelae) of each species and nature, irrespective of whether these are known or unknown (including claims due to negligence), insofar as they exempt under or in connection with the following result:
Disputes between subscribers, in particular between you and other disputes subscribers.
Any actions of others (i.e. from natural or legal persons and legal persons who do not or are), including tumblr Tumblr-konzernunternehmen websites and services of third parties.
Disputes in connection with the use of your accounts or with respect to acts using your accounts by you or third parties.
Datenkommunikationen unauthorised access to claims for related to your account or due to the content, in your account are stored or refer to it, in particular, use or amend such unauthorised intercept communications, or your content.
To clarify, this includes all claims relating to the security of the account. your credentials
Claims for personal meeting places at any anything to do with (" "), are tumblr Meetups claim to in particular acts or omissions of subscribers or third parties that organise such visits or otherwise involved Meetups; further information, see you find on our. Meetups-seite
Unless otherwise stated expressly and in writing is not sponsor of supervised or even Meetups tumblr controlled in any way. Meetups tumblr
When you are dead, you in california located the application of paragraph 1542 the california (civil code (code civil), the california 1542 says ' a general exemption does not relate to claims in favour of the creditor, the existence of the creditor agreement at the time of the exemption does not know or suspected, knowledge of which his agreement with the debtor would have significantly influenced. "
Limitation of liability.
Wide lawful amount is in any liability and the excluded for: (tumblr Tumblr-konzernunternehmen (a) and indirect damage, and damages with random sequelae; (b), loss of revenue for STRAFCHARAKTER, loss of transactions, data, NUTZUNGSAUSFALL goodwill and other intangible losses; (c) damage in connection with your access to or use of services or the impossibility of your use or the; (d) damage associated ZUGRIFFES with the behaviour or the content of third parties or by, which benefits, including subscribers services, or any other illegal acts or insulting VERLEUMDERISCHEN such content and (s) of any kind in connection with damage content.
This disclaimer is for all of them, irrespective of whether these guarantees on contracts, or any other legal basis, infringements and regardless of whether the possibility of such damage had knowledge of tumblr.
This disclaimer shall apply even if a in this treaty provides its essential purpose. appeal failed
Wide lawful is the whole amount in liability and for all claims in tumblr Tumblr-konzernunternehmen connection with this treaty, including the liability for guarantees, the amount to limited to implicit over the amount you or 100.00 us for the respective services have.
This is the one above amount.
15 excluding guarantees and limitations on liability
In some countries exclusion of certain guarantees and the exclusion is a or limitation of liability as provided for in section 14 not allowed.
The above restrictions may therefore not for you.
Termination.
Either party may at any time by this treaty declaration to the other party quit.
Tumblr takes the access to and use of services your time with immediate effect and without prior notice and liability or denounce them.
This may happen, for example, or reason for no reason even if you terms of that contract injured.
Tumblr accounts, because of the repeated may, in particular the infringements of copyright reported immediately terminate or block.
After discontinuation of your access to the services or your opportunity to use the services, in particular by your accounts in a service that is blocking your right to use the service and the content and your access to the service and the content with immediate effect.
All provisions of this treaty, by nature, should also apply to any denunciation last of termination, in particular for the fort provisions on ownership, and Garantieausschlüsse liability limits.
Blocking your access to the services or your opportunity to use the services of the commitments that you not absolve prior to the blocking were limited and not your other liability to third and takes you when or tumblr you a user in the european economic area are, not in the privacy statements set out rights.
Choice of law and jurisdiction.
You tumblr and agree that claims or, regardless of whether they disputes on legal or other entitlements relating to in connection with this treaty or the services, in accordance with this section are exclusively be settled between you and, unless otherwise agreed in writing tumblr.
We want you to strongly encourage us to contact to an amicable solution before you formal steps einleitest.
Applicable law and jurisdiction:
On all aspects of this treaty, the laws of the state of new york in the same way as in respect of contracts in new york and in new york between residents and exported, with the exception made parties. the provisions of the Kollisionsrechts
You'll think so that claims against or with only by the heads of state or tumblr litigation died in new york county, new york), unless the parties decide otherwise agreed.
You unterwirfst you the jurisdiction of the courts in new york county, new york) for the judicial decision of all such claims and disputes.
If you (a) a state, state or local public authority or body of the united states are and (b) the services in your official capacity and uses (c) you legally is not possible, to accept the rules of this section, this section on you not apply.
Such authorities shall apply to this treaty and for all related measures the laws of the united states of america, with the exception of Kollisionsrechts and, where member no rules contain and the choice of law allow federal laws, the laws of the state of new york, with the exception of the provisions on choice.
Miscellaneous.
This treaty marks, in its up-to-date version, the whole treaty between you and in respect of the subject-matter of the contract. tumblr
This treaty replaced all previous, or concomitant with regard to the agreements and arrangements, whether they be in writing or orally, Vertragsgegenstands and is the full and exclusive contract between the parties.
Is one of the parties a right granted this in any way not raised give any waiver of rights conferred by that treaty.
Notes that a provision of this treaty should be ineffective or unenforceable if this provision is only in the use of limited or not used as it is imperative to ensure that this treaty, moreover, enforceable and remains in force.
This treaty is for you, or if not abtretbar transferable unterlizenzierbar not before his tumblr. written approval
Tumblr this contract at any time without your approval in whole or in parts dismissed.
This treaty create any partnership, no common control, no Vertretungsverhältnis, no and no employment, and give you no joint venture power of attorney in any way to bind. legally tumblr
Tumblr declarations on under this treaty required or permitted, have to be carried out in writing, with access only take effect by deliveries by hand by a nationally recognised and paid by registered post or by courier porto: send
Tumblr, inc.
770 broadway
New york, ny, 10003,
Attn: legal department
.
19 special provisions for subscribers outside the united states
Tumblr provides products and services and is worldwide is a global community for the exchange and the pursuit of their interests are available.
The server and premises of are, however, in the united states and tumblr the rules and procedures of tumblr based on Us-gesetzen.
Therefore the following provisions apply specifically for subscribers outside the united states: (1) you'll think so that your data, including personal data, in the united states and Abonnenten-inhalte and other countries and storing and processing to transferred there you services to make available this treaty (to carry out.
2 if you use the services of a country from the of the united states is subject to an embargo, or on the list of " nationals " of the us treasury is specially Templateated, would you agree that you when using the services of the services or no economic activity (such as financial transactions or durchführst). acquisition of Premium-templates
Sending a notification for breach of copyright
20 copyright directive, in accordance with digital millennium copyright act (dmca)
Tumblr has on violations of in connection with the services in accordance Urheberrechtes with the american digital millennium copyright act (dmca), the following directives adopted.
The address of the representative designated by for calls for distance content (urheberrechtsverletzender tumblr ") is " Templateierter representative listed below.
Please Dmca-mitteilungen to use our form for Copyright-hinweise.
Reporting violations of the Urheberrechtes:
If you are convinced that content that in our services or by our services are available, intellectual property, please send a notification of the violation of Urheberrechtes containing the following information on the following address of the representative: Templateierten
Designation of works / materials whose copyright is violated.
Allegedly urheberrechtsverletzenden designation of the material, including his place with sufficiently detailed information in order to locate it and its existence can review tumblr.
Contact details of the notify party (" party "), including notifying the name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that the notifying party that the material is good faith not by its holder, the authorised representative or legislation Urheberrechtes.
A declaration under oath that given in the declaration data is correct and that the notifying party is authorised on behalf of the holder of the right to assert. Urheberrechtes
Signature or electronic signature of the person who is authorised for the marketing of copyright, which is supposed to act is injured.
Note: the information in a notification of the violation of the may attend subscribers will be passed on, Urheberrechtes the allegedly published. urheberrechtsverletztenden content
After removal of material in accordance with a valid shall be responsible for the subscribers Dmca-benachrichtigung tumblr allegedly responsible immediately notify harmful material that the material removed or access to the material has been deactivated.
Appropriate circumstances, are the accounts of the subscribers tumblr terminate repeatedly intellectual property.
Tumblr reserves the right to subscribers at their own discretion for actual or suspected infringements of copyright to resign.
Dmca-gegendarstellung sending a:
Convinced if you are a falsely they have received, you can Dmca-benachrichtigung reply provided. a tumblr
Send the following information to the representatives at the following address: Templateierten
Precise urls materials which has removed or the tumblr access has locked. tumblr
Your name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that you for your hometown the jurisdiction of the federal district courts (or the competent unterwirfst from new york city federal district courts county, new york, if you do not in the united states are located) and that you service of the person or a legal person, which the agent for an initial tabled. Dmca-benachrichtigung
Explains: " i declare in good conscience on oath that the material rather than due to an error, or false identification was removed or deactivated. "
Your signature.
On receipt of a valid reply is it to the party, which pass on tumblr has been submitted. the original Dmca-benachrichtigung
Originally notifying party (or the holder of the), then she represents Urheberrechtes 10 days time to tell us that legal measures regarding the alleged copyright infringing material has been opened.
Tumblr such notification is not within 10 days, we can again make available material in the services.
Designated representatives
Tumblr, inc.
770 broadway
New york, ny 10003
Attn: copyright agent
Fax: + 1 (646) 513-4321
E-mail: @ tumblr.com dmca
Form for notifications believed in: https: / / www.tumblr.com / dmca
21 " open source ' -offenlegungen
Disclosures about our use of " open source " do you find at the following locations: -softwarepaketen
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / ios-credits
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / android-credits
Https: / / www.tumblr.com / policy / web-credits
Link to a result
You find earlier versions of our general terms and conditions on github.
So you can compare different versions and see what the rules were updated.
Github.com https: / / / / / / / master commits tumblr policy terms _ of _ service / de / terms _ of _ service.txt
