As last amended on 01.01.2021
Conditions
Introduction, your agreement on these conditions
Use Twitch of by minors and blocked persons
Privacy statement.
Nutzerkonto.
5 use of equipment and services
6. amendments to this conditions
Licence.
Content of users.
Prohibited material.
. Observance of the copyrights
11 brands
Content of third parties.
Submit ideas.
Termination.
Disputes.
Miscellaneous.
17 requests for information and service of summons
Specific conditions for soundtrack by Twitch.
Introduction, your agreement on these conditions
Please read these conditions carefully.
This is a binding treaty.
Welcome services of Twitch, inc. (with his interactive subsidiary " or " we " Twitch "), which from the website, which at https: / / www.twitch.tv is available, and his network of websites, and the other products offered by software applications or services (the Twitch ") exists. Twitch-diensten
Other Twitch of services offered can separate subject to conditions
Twitch-dienste if you use the you from, and where appropriate unterliegst Community-richtlinien also Twitch-dienste Twitch in the relevant directives and rules published or made available to or are you Twitch-diensten you under specific services and features is made available.
Twitch may also certain services, of the conditions of paid as well as additional conditions and obligations shall be subject to Twitch you in connection with these services will be disclosed.
All conditions and directives (the " ") are by reference to these directives usage conditions integrated.
Operating conditions apply irrespective of whether you are a user for an account of the registered or non-registered Twitch-dienste users are.
You'll think so that you by clicking on the " buttons " or otherwise register register, or use the download access in a legally binding treaty Twitch-dienste between you and on your use of Twitch-dienste walk Twitch.
You recognize that you have read and understood this and agreed conditions of use are to be bound by these conditions contract.
This conditions if you don't accept, you can not access or otherwise exploit this. Twitch-dienst
Twitch when you an account on behalf of a company, a body or organisation (each a " ") or registered organisation uses, and that you do eröffnest versicherst (i) a representative of this without you are and on the registered organisation, that organisation rating are subject to the conditions of use and those set out below to grant licences, and (ii) those conditions on behalf of such registered organisation approve.
Use Twitch of by minors and blocked persons
The Twitch-dienste persons aged under 13 years are not available.
If your old man between 13 and the age of the matter is in your residence, age of majority can you make the only under supervision of a parent or legal Twitch-dienste guardian benefits that this agrees. conditions
The Twitch-dienste are also not available previously by those users have been excluded, as well as from the Twitch Twitch-diensten persons who, with no laws of these services in accordance with the united states of america (for example, in accordance with the export and), or other legislation and directives Re-export-beschränkungen are excluded.
By download, install or other use of do you, that you at least 13 Twitch-dienste years old are that your parents, your parents or your legal guardian these agree with your old conditions agrees / between 13 years, the age of legal age of majority in the country, and that you don't your residence in advance by the reference and the relationship of the you were excluded Twitch-dienste Twitch-dienste has not been banned.
Privacy statement.
For Twitch is to protect your data is important.
Read you a in order to inform you privacy statement, as we your personal data cover use and pass on.
Datenschutzeinstellungen will know in our as your data on the use of Twitch-dienste. can manage
Nutzerkonto.
A. Nutzerkonto and password
Nutzerkonto open is a asked us, you'll like the username and password information intended to make available.
Alone responsible, confidentiality of your account and password and access to maintain your computer college.
Other if you mind, your account to use but that on behalf of all other persons, conditions which the services on your account or password benefits, and are responsible for all activities, that on your account or carried out password.
Please make sure that all the information you Twitch under the registration and at all times thereafter available now, in good conscience it, exactly, up-to-date and complete.
Unless explicitly in writing by allows, you can access to Twitch your account won't sell, rent, lease, or otherwise, in particular parts including the pass on charging for access to administrative right of your account.
Twitch reserves all available legal rights and resources, an unauthorised use of, in particular, inter alia, to prevent technological Twitch-dienste barriers, and in severe cases the direct contact Ip-mapping to your isp regarding such unauthorised Internet-dienstleistungsanbieter use.
B. accounts third
Twitch can allow you you about certain services for third parties to register and to notify. Twitch-dienste
The collection, use and disclosure of your data by third parties based on their Drittanbieter data protection directives.
Further how your personal data to be collected, used and Twitch that when you have your account in, with your Twitch-account you will find in our Drittanbieterdiensten verknüpfst data protection directive.
5 use of equipment and services
Twitch access to services requires the use of your computer or as well as communication with or use of Mobilgeräts memory on such products.
You are responsible for any costs and fees for the link via the internet or that occur when you on mobile services of zugreifst Twitch.
6. amendments to this conditions
Twitch may be at any time through an appropriate publication of the modified conditions conditions change.
Twitch-dienste if you after the entry into force of the amended conditions of use, but you continue to use the revised conditions.
Inhabitants Twitch any significant changes to the republic of korea is his with an appropriate period of notice of conditions.
All changes are at least 30 calendar days after the publication of the fact that effective, conditional amendments in relation to newly available functions of the service functions of service, the to the user beneficial, are or changes for legal reasons, take effect immediately.
Licence.
Twitch-dienste Twitch and this includes the holdings.
Unless otherwise stated, are all content, information and other materials in the (with the exception of how Benutzerinhalten Twitch-diensten in section 8 shown below), in particular, inter alia, trademarks and logos of Twitch, graphics, design, compilation, information, software, (including source or object code), computer program services, text, images, information, data, and the selection and other audio files, the arrangement of these objects (as " ") by the material in each property and intellectual property rights and laws protected.
All materials are owned by Twitch or its subsidiaries or affiliates and / or third licensors.
Unless written by stated that get you through the Twitch agreement on these conditions of use, not a temporary licence (i.e. a personal and unterlizenzierbare right), the time limited only for your personal use or a Twitch-dienste internal business use access and to use them.
Twitch reserves all rights not specifically granted. in accordance with this conditions
This licence shall be subject to the conditions of use and allows you not, one or more of the following activities: (a) resale or commercial use of the materials, (b) or the Twitch-dienste distribution, public performance or public presentation of any materials, (c) change or other derivative use of production or the materials or any part thereof Twitch-dienste, (d) use of any, or other data collection by Data-minings Daten-sammlungen robots or, (e) download (except method of extraction), all parts of the Twitch-dienste Seiten-caching or any information provided therein materials, except where specifically in the permitted or (f) any Twitch-diensten or the use of materials other than those for Twitch-dienste intended purposes.
Twitch-dienste or any use of the materials, unless specifically allowed in those conditions of use without the prior written permission from Twitch is strictly forbidden, and is possibly of intellectual property rights or other laws.
Unless conditions in these down is not explicitly in these conditions can be interpreted as a licence in respect of intellectual property rights as it would, be it through transferred objections, and other legal implication rechtshemmende principles.
Twitch can this licence as outlined in paragraph 14 quit.
Content of users.
Twitch allows you audiovisual work and to live as a recording service, services such as chat,, in forums, contributions to publications Pinnwände wikis, and other activities to benefit from interactive Voice-dienste to participate, under which you content, news, texts, sound, images or other data or codes, applications, " (') on the Benutzerinhalte materials, publish, to transfer, Twitch-dienste erstellst took or speicherst.
A. licence Twitch
(I) unless otherwise by written agreement between you and agreed by a Twitch authorised representatives from was signed, show Twitch Twitch and his company, sector Unterlizenznehmern and for the lawful scale according to existing law (or, where authorised duration unlimited according to current legislation is possible), (a) such (in particular, inter alia, advertising and marketing Benutzerinhalte by all or parts of the derivative works) and waste (Twitch-dienste in any form, format, medium or who are known or later now media outlets are discovered, to use designed or to reproduce, should be amended to adapt to publish, to translate derivative works to produce waste, to expel list and to and (b) the name, the identification, the image and the voice (or other biographical information) to use the you in connection with this, when you cross the Benutzerinhalten einreichst Twitch-dienste,,, took Benutzerinhalte einreichst übermittelst, publish or speicherst. darstellst
Benutzerinhalte identifiers, should these names, pictures or (or other data) by Stimmaufzeichnungen biografische. this means do you third certifies that you are, or have the letters of endorsement licences you the use of this and allow content in which according to this and his Twitch Unterlizenznehmer be allowed to use extent. authorised conditions
(Benutzerinhalten as " ii) as regards, " " add-on, " " maps " are known, or other types of project mods by or related pages (" projects presented Curseforge.com ") submitted the end you immediately when you in this respect the rights of such projects submitted or löschst. Twitch-diensten entfernst
You recognize also that Twitch projects or deleted from Server-kopien submitted were save, but not present distribute or can perform.
(Iii) as regards the service live and recorded before it ends the audiovisual works you when you such transferred rights from the or generally your Benutzerinhalte Twitch-dienste, except account includes löschst (a) to the extent to which it with other as part of the divided and other him and others did Twitch-dienste copied or parts of the have recorded (e.g. a clip Benutzerinhalts have produced), (b) it has used for publicity purposes and (Twitch (c) within the reasonable period of time it takes him out of the backup and other systems to be removed.
B. assurances and guarantees for the content of users
Alone responsible for your content and the consequences if you these contents or publish. postest
You tell that: (1) the producer or are you of all the rights to control Benutzerinhalten or otherwise have sufficient authority to this are reche und rights granted to grant (2) on the following facts do not apply: (a Benutzerinhalte) hurt or breach of third party rights embezzled parties, including copyright, patent, trade mark, and moral right, data protection rights, Handelsgeheimnis or other intellectual property rights or proprietary rights Publizitätsrechte or (b), (3) your other people see no viruses, spyware, adware, Benutzerinhalte worms or other harmful or malignant and (4) except after codes included the prior written consent of you, above all, in advance, not your Benutzerinhalte or not, public or or any confidential information of Beta-software Spielinhalte Twitch or third parties to it.
Twitch reserves all rights to users, against these assurances and guarantees.
C. content is at your peril uploaded
Twitch has set up adequate safety measures against not approved and distribute to copy Benutzerinhalte protected.
Twitch is no guarantee that no piracy, exploitation and dissemination of Benutzerinhalte by third parties is taking place.
Hereby Twitch in lawful do you extent by the liability for piracy, use or dissemination of third-party freely and without give Benutzerinhalten time limit for any rights which you for such, piracy against Twitch use or dissemination of claims by third parties could. Benutzerinhalte
The security measures for the protection of of which are used in this BENUTZERINHALTE TWITCH, without made available and used and without MÄNGELGEWÄHR guarantees or assurances that such security measures, security measures to avoid or try withstand it no gaps, exemptions or other such security measures will be. UMGEHUNGSMÖGLICHKEITEN
That advertising
Users can a (e.g. a competition or a advertising campaign) apply, or carry out to manage raffle by or through the use of a " ("). advertising campaign Twitch-dienste
When you decide, a market to manage or carry out advertising campaign, you must take to the following rules: (1) you must advertising to the extent permitted under existing law and carry out you're alone responsible to ensure that any advertising campaign with any and all applicable laws, obligations and restrictions (agrees.
2) people believe you're in all jurisdictions as promoter and your applicable are solely responsible for all aspects of advertising campaign and expenditure in connection with your advertising campaign and in particular for the implementation, management and operation of the advertising campaign, shall establish and publish any official rules; choice of winner, edition of the prices and to obtain all necessary authorisations and of third parties, in particular consents including archive of any and all necessary registrations and bonds.
Twitch is entitled to be removed from the advertising campaign is your Twitch-diensten if has reason to believe that Twitch advertising campaign against your operating conditions or applicable law.
Twitch 3) is not responsible for such advertising nor will this or supported. in
You can't indicate that a Twitch. (the sponsor or Co-sponsor advertising campaign
Werbemaßnahme linked to 4) exhibits a, will you show your advertising campaign on the following text: " this is a him or read out of your name.] [advertising campaign
Twitch sponsors or supported [s] your name and is not for the advertising campaign is not advertising campaign is responsible. "
E. Befürwortungen / references
You tell that your with as regards the use of Nutzerinhalte Ftc-richtlinien in advertising, the criticisms and recommendations, and for native advertising Ftc-offenlegungsrichtlinie Ftc-richtlinien any other of the FTC from time to time directives (" ") and issued to all other under existing Ftc-richtlinien law applicable agrees. Werberichtlinien
If you, for example, were paid or in exchange for a free products meeting or a product or a service on the application, or if you have received Twitch-dienste an employee of a company are, and you decide which products or services of this company in the to discuss or to apply, Twitch-diensten do you agree, the requirements for the disclosure of such relationships with Ftc-richtlinien.
You Twitch and are not solely responsible for any confirmation or criticisms that you all with regard to a product or a service on the Twitch-dienste any hand it in.
F. political activity
Subject to these conditions and you must share your political opinions Community-richtlinien in political activities in left the official website of the political affairs committee provide, including of a political committee, and spectators to Beitragsseite invite contributions directly to a political committee to make.
You but, however, that these activities are only your own.
By participating in these activities, moreover, that you under you versicherst right are entitled and that you have to all relevant laws and regulations einhältst.
You agree not to you (e.g. bits) or Twitch-monetarisierungstool subscriptions to use a contribution to a candidate, a, a political, an electoral committee Kandidatenausschuss Aktionsausschuss or any other or otherwise Kampagnenausschuss for the purpose of influence of elections to make or to allow.
Candidates for public office may on their channels used. no Twitch-monetarisierungstool
Prohibited material.
You tell, no law, no contracts, no intellectual property rights or any other third parties to hurt and no illicit activities to commit and that you do during your use of your own responsibility. deal on Twitch-dienste
You'll think so that you and the community directives of the conditions of use and not the following acts will commit Twitch took:
I. created to distribute or upload content-not exactly, save any illegal, the data protection, defamatory obscene or pornographic, damaging, do, Publizitätsrechte belästigend, or otherwise; missbrauchend riot offensive
.
Embody any person or entity, falsely claiming a membership of a person or entity, access to the accounts for the other without permission, falsification of Twitch-dienste digital signature of another person, false representation of the source, or the content of information, the identity of the submitted, or carry out any other Twitch-dienste similar fraudulent act;
.
Postal spam by e-mail to the user, in particular, inter alia, advertising, unverlangte Twitch-dienste material, advertising material, commercial advertising, Massenversand anzufragendes, questions for charitable purposes, Ketten-e-mail Informationsankündigungen, questions to collect signatures or any of the abovementioned matters in respect of for publicity purposes (as Tombolas and Giveaways) and other similar competitions activities;
.
Harvesting or collecting or other contact information of other users of the e-mail addresses; Twitch-dienste
V. defame, address abuse or the users or deceive threaten personal information on user or collect Twitch-dienste third parties without their consent or attempting to collect this information;
.
Delete remove deal, hinder or otherwise intervention in (a) damage or the characteristics of the safety, (b) Twitch-dienste Benutzerinhalte characteristics, the use or copying of any, on the content accessible to prevent or limit (Twitch-dienste (c) the restrictions on the use of the characteristics, or the exercise or forcibly Twitch-dienste Benutzerinhalte (d) in evidence of copyrights or other rights to Twitch-diensten or proprietary Benutzerinhalten;
.
Regression decompilation, destruction and other attempts, the source code of Twitch-dienste or their components, except in so far as this house explicitly by the laws of your country of residence is allowed;
.
Modify, adapt translate or on the created derivative works or parts of it are based, and except Twitch-diensten only to the extent that such activity by applicable law is permitted explicitly that being said,
.
Or adversely affect the operation of the damage or by any other pleasure that Twitch-dienste user by any means including upload or otherwise distribution of viruses, spyware, adware, worms or other malignant code;
X forward of e-mails from the third party without the permission of this Mail-servern third party;
.
Accessing any website, or other, the servers are software Twitch used Computer-ressourcen and / or licensed, in particular, among other things, with the help of robots, spider, Twitch-dienste scraper, or other resources for any purpose automated crawler, or circumvention of measures which can use to Twitch to prevent or restrict access to any websites, server or other which are Computer-ressourcen software applications, used and / or licensed Twitch, particularly including the; Twitch-dienste
.
Identifiers manipulate to the origin of the mask to any Nutzer-inhalte services Twitch is transmitted;
.
Disturbing Twitch-dienste or interference in or with the server or networks are connected or any requirements, disregard Twitch-diensten, procedures or guidelines of networks, with the associated; benefit of on Twitch-dienste Twitch-diensten beneficiaries, all kinds of other users of intervention, bother him, adversely affect Twitch-dienste or other users on that consumption would prevent or the operation of the to any kind of damage, impede Twitch-dienste overload or could affect;
.
Use account of another user without permission from the users and attempt to such use; or Twitch
.
Inhaltsfilterungstechniken any attempts to which we are used to circumvent or attempts to any services or area of services ungenehmigterweise of access, for which you don't Twitch authentication is a national;
.
Attempts, any way, with or without written consent to suggest that you stand in relation to us or that we or you any products or services from whatever the reason, and for whatever the purpose and support;
.
Twitch-dienste benefits of for any illegal purposes or in violation, local, national or international public any laws or directives, in particular, inter alia, laws that intellectual property rights and other property rights, data protection and privacy hurt.
Legally permissible takes if no responsibility and not accept responsibility for any Twitch or for losses or damages the Benutzerinhalte result, nor shall be liable for any mistakes Twitch, slander, defamation, slander, pornography or obscenity, omissions, language, Falschheiten to meet you, if you use. the Twitch-dienste
You use your own risk going. the Twitch-dienste
Also justify these rules no private from any third parties or any right of appeal reasonable expectation that the content of such contain no Twitch-dienste rules.
Twitch is not liable to make statements or declarations for the content of users.
Twitch Benutzerinhalte, opinions, recommendations or approve any advice expressed in it, and any liability in relation to Twitch explicitly covers. Benutzerinhalten
In lawful extent reserves the right, the Twitch on the posted or Benutzerinhalte stored at all times and Twitch-diensten without notice to remove, to review and modify, particularly if they against operating conditions or law governing Benutzerinhalte.
You alone are responsible for, at their own expense of you in the backup Benutzerinhalten or, to establish and Twitch-diensten postest speicherst to replace the.
Twitch-dienste every use against the already mentioned directives is, contrary to this conditions and may include a termination or suspension your rights to use the result. Twitch-dienste
Inhabitants korea will immediately of the reason for the corresponding Twitch notify unless steps has reasonable grounds to Twitch assumption that a notification is forbidden by law (e.g. when a notification either (i) applicable laws, regulations or administrative orders affecting injured or (ii) an ongoing investigation would jeopardise) or an authority you, third, and / or its affiliates Twitch damage (e.g. would if a notification, the security of would jeopardise). Twitch-dienste
. Observance of the copyrights
Twitch respects intellectual property rights of others and complies with the requirements in the millennium copyright act (dmca digital ") and other relevant legislation.
Copyrights owner of if you are or his representative and take that to the published content against copyright is contrary to your Twitch-diensten rich please a) reference, which according to our Dmca-richtlinien information about our regulations, which contains high in your information is to be and where you can submit these.
11 brands
TWITCH logos, and any other products or of Twitch, logos and names of slogans of services shall be used and the appearance of the Twitch Twitch-dienste, including all the pages, specially prepared graphics, headers and scripts are trade marks or by Button-icons Handelsaufmachungen and not wholly or partly in Twitch, together with any products or services to be used not belong, and that in all manner of Twitch that confusion for the client or in any way may cause or could, if Twitch denigrate discredit without our prior written permission.
Any use of this trade marks must comply with the Markenrichtlinien of anthrax. Twitch
Trademarks, in all other out, shall be the property of their respective Twitch-diensten holders.
Twitch-diensten references in to products, services, processes or other information in the form of trademarks, trade marks, producers, suppliers or by any other species do not endorsement, promotion or recommendations by us or any other partners.
Content of third parties.
Benutzerinhalt Twitch may, in addition to third parties on the content available together as " (Twitch-diensten content ' means). third
Twitch controlled if no content and there is no statements or third guarantees of any kind, including with regard to the content and without restriction from third again in regard to accuracy or completeness of that content.
Please note that we do not create, update or checking third content.
Therefore we take no responsibility for content. in the third Twitch-diensten
You're responsible to decide if you on websites or applications on the third access are linked (" ") are Twitch-diensten Referenz-seiten.
Twitch controlled if none of these information materials, products or the Referenz-seiten or services to contain or are accessible by Referenz-seiten Referenz-seiten and there is no explanation or guarantees of any kind on the off. Referenz-seiten
Also find your correspondence or your business relations with, or participation in, the advertising of advertisers to or through the you found, only Twitch-dienste between you and that advertisers.
Referenz-seiten access to and use of, including the information, materials, products and services at or available on solely in your own Referenz-seiten find risk).
Submit ideas.
By lodging of ideas, suggestions, documents and / or proposals (" ") or his staff submissions Twitch and recognize but that this is justified, for each Twitch submissions for any purpose way to use without you a reward or cash available.
Termination.
In lawful extent reserves the right to your license to Twitch use of (including the permission to Twitch-dienste items) without prior warning and in Benutzerinhalte to withdraw from your own discretion and access to and their use to block or to Twitch-dienste prevent, especially if we have reasonable grounds to believe that (a) use of your conditions or applicable law goes against this Twitch-dienste, (b) you Twitch-dienste fraudulently or abusive or (c) do we due to technical causes or there are not in a position, business interests continue to offer you the Twitch-dienste.
Our right to terminate your licence includes the ability to your access to any products or services purchased to stop or suspend, including any subscriptions, prime gaming or Turbo-konten.
In lawful scale is the only remedy, you in case of conflict or dissatisfaction with the (i), (ii) the conditions of use, Twitch-diensten (iii) any directives or practices of the initiative of the Twitch or (iv) any content or Twitch-dienste information on the available, are transmitted Twitch-dienste deletion account and the termination of the use of your all components of the Twitch-dienste.
Inhabitants korea will immediately of the reason for the corresponding Twitch notify unless steps has reasonable grounds to Twitch assumption that a notification is forbidden by law (e.g. when a notification either (i) applicable laws, regulations or administrative orders affecting injured or (ii) an ongoing investigation would jeopardise) or an authority you, third, and / or its affiliates Twitch damage (e.g. would if a notification, the security of would jeopardise). Twitch-dienste
Disputes.
Compensation.
Legally maximum allowable amount in do you agree, its affiliated companies and all our Twitch other contracting parties, staff, senior executives, directors, representative, suppliers, and third partner (individually and together the licensor ") for all of them, " Twitch-parteien losses, damage claims, costs and expenditure, including legal guarantees, which are costs and charges under or in connection with your false use or use of any that you publish Twitch-dienste Benutzerinhalten, or otherwise on or above the speicherst, violation of the rights Twitch-dienste übermittelst your third, any infringements by you for these conditions or any breach of the declarations, guarantees and by you in contracts have been concluded as to compensate and defend value.
You willigst, which immediately of any requirement to inform third Twitch-parteien and Twitch reserves the right, on your dough before the exclusive defence and control to take over for every command your duty is to compensate Twitch and you'll think so in defense of Twitch on these to cooperate claims
Twitch is reasonably to you of such claims, complaints or procedures to notify as soon as we become aware thereof.
B. exclusions; no guarantees
In maximum legal amount (a), the content and materials contained therein and the Twitch-dienste without made available without MÄNGELGEWÄHR guarantees of any kind, either explicitly or implicitly, except where otherwise explicitly in writing by TWITCH expressed, (b) conclude all the other guarantees by law, specifically Twitch-parteien or, in particular, implicitly, inter alia, the implicit guarantees marketability, for a particular purpose, title and qualification, including any concerning the NICHTVERLETZUNG Twitch-dienste, information content or materials, (c) guarantee that declared or not content or materials to TWITCH to exactly full, reliable, up-to-date Twitch-diensten or sound, (d) is not responsible for typographical error or omission TWITCH in connection with texts or photographs, and (e) can and will, despite all the efforts and your TWITCH access your use of safe system, not explain or Twitch-dienste guarantee that Twitch-dienste or our server free of viruses or other harmful components are, why you have to use software BRANCHENWEIT recognised viruses in than
No recommendation or information whether orally or in writing, which you have received, or through the Twitch-dienste TWITCH creates a not explicitly mentioned in that guarantee.
C. liability and Schadensbeschränkung
Limit of liability.
In maximum legal amount (a) takes or, in any case the TWITCH Twitch-parteien liability for any direct or indirect, special, or any other damage of all kinds, collateral damage, in particular, inter alia, or loss of data loss of sales revenue NUTZUNGSAUSFALL regardless of whether based on contract, (in particular, inter alia, illegal act) or of negligence resulting from other reason or to any kind of, in conjunction with the use or the inability of the use of the substance or the materials returns Twitch-dienste, in particular, inter alia, resulting from damage or adult by the exit for any information from, or by mistake, TWITCH omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mails, errors, broken, viruses, or delays in the transmission BETRIEBSVERZÖGERUNGEN or shown, regardless of whether these are caused by LEISTUNGSVERSAGEN force majeure, theft or unauthorised destruction, errors in communication, access to the documents, programmes or services; and (b) where the TWITCH whole of whether based on contract HAFTUNGSUMFANG TWITCH, guarantee act (including whether actively UNTERLAUBTER negligence, passive
To access the during the twelve months (12) Twitch-dienste to the date of the preceding claim amount paid 100 dollars or exceed depending on the amount is higher.
Where such legislation is banned, is applicable regulate by the liability of the maximum amount allowed by law limited TWITCH.
.
Referenz-seiten
This meeting, the damage on liability limits you because of any products or services that are on or otherwise by other third parties as Referenz-seiten TWITCH were made available to and received or by the services of TWITCH or by received. when Referenz-seiten
.
Under the agreement
You recognize and accept that the, the, the TWITCH Twitch-dienste materials and other content and BENUTZERINHALT information has offered its prices set by and in the trust that occurred in the conditions of the guarantee and set out here a rational and fair attribution of risk HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE between you and are set out here and that the TWITCH guarantee and an important basis of the agreement between you HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE TWITCH and form.
TWITCH would not be in a position to you without those restrictions on a sensible Twitch-dienste offer economic base.
D. applicable law and jurisdiction
You Twitch in (i) and explain that the extent allowed by law and the following is applicable, if you Rechtswahl- Schlichtungsbestimmung a registered organisation or a consumer, or are in a other than those in (ii) listed jurisdictions is established:
Hereunder please read you right through when they resolve disputes with the arbitration and your available means of redress to TWITCH require TWITCH.
You Twitch and agree to all following these conditions or your use of disputes resolved. Twitch-dienste schiedsrichterlich
Where exemption that you and not have to settle disputes with Twitch schiedsrichterlich where one party to or other remedies for the alleged unlawful billigkeitsrechtliche use of copyright, trademarks, trade names, logos, business secrets or patents available.
In arbitration court actions you don't, or in a participate. SCHWURGERICHTSPROZESS
You Twitch and agreed that you within thirty (30) days shall notify each other in writing of disputes.
Twitch Twitch interactive, notifications to, inc. for h.: legal, 350 bush street, 2nd floor, san francisco, ca, usa to send. 94104
Twitch agree also: you and that you before each call for arbitration for the out-of-court settlement and to ensure that all arbitration in santa clara county, california, usa, held that confidential by an arbiter in accordance with the arbitration only be carried out and that the federal or Jams-vorschriften Bundesgerichte in santa clara county, california, usa, exclusive jurisdiction for all appeals against and all procedures between the parties are Schiedsentscheidungen outside the subject to arbitration.
Except Gruppenverfahren listed below and is entitled to each arbitrator remedies, also to appeal before the court would be available.
Disagreement between the parties subject to this agreement and the laws of the state of california and the applicable in private, principles of Us-gesetzen Kollisionsrechts application of the legislation, if another Gerichtsstands.
You Twitch and is whether the dispute is not settled by arbitration or by judicial or other procedures or collective redress or -schiedsverfahren class actions against the other party.
(Ii) if you are established in a jurisdiction in which the provisions of the above section unenforceable are subject to all disputes, claims or pleas in law or in connection with these conditions of use of the laws of the, in which you are established, Rechtsgebiets and are therefore rated and before a competent civil court in this matter.
E. claims
You TWITCH and agree that each of or in connection with proper charges of the services is within a TWITCH (1) year must begin, after the proper charges.
Otherwise KLAGEGRUND is one such permanently excluded.
Miscellaneous.
A. not
Right if we or with a provision in the conditions of sale, or can make, this will not exercise any waiver of such rights or provisions.
Any waiving of a provision of this will only in the written and conditions relevant party signed declared valid form.
B. Trennbarkeit
Rules this for illegal, or not invalid conditions declared enforceable, those provisions shall apply as of these conditions or be from these it necessary minimum extent removed and conditions of use do not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions.
C. transfer
These conditions and any rights and licences in accordance with the conditions to be granted, shall not be transferred, assigned by you.
Twitch do, however, fully transferred.
Any transfer contrary or opposed this attempt is is conditions dementsprechender invalid.
D. continue
Termination survived in this any arrangements by their conditions of use by nature or is to survive, such explicit provisions termination or conclusion, including but not limited to, sections 7, 8, 11, 12 and 15-17.
E. whole agreement
The terms of use, including the conditions of sale and belong to the whole agreement between form Community-richtlinien you and on the facts referred to this and can Twitch only by legitimate representatives of both parties signed written agreement or by revision of the conditions of use by under section 6 above are changed. Twitch
17 requests for information and service of summons
All requests for information or documents regarding potential, expected and ongoing trial, investigations and to the required legal disputes must be made and on the service company must Twitch corporation (csc), the national representatives, are presented. registered Twitch
Hereinafter california is the address for listed (the competent office csc csc in your on the website of jurisdiction can be found): minister
Twitch interactive, inc.
C / o corporation service company
2710 gateway oaks drive, suite 150n
Sacramento, ca 95833
Twitch please note that no requests for information or documents or by e-mail or by fax Klagezustellungen accepted and not in this way, questions will be answered.
All requests must contain the information on the and you are something to help us, the relevant data to identify (especially, in this regard, such Twitch-dienst b., and the corresponding www.twitch.tv, i.e. the username to Twitch username: http: / / /), the specific requested username www.twitch.tv information and their correspondence to your investigation.
Please note, moreover, that a restriction your question on the relevant data (e.g. a limited time. your question allows efficiently.
Twitch Twitch of the services of interactive inc., headquartered in the bush street offered 350, 2nd floor, san francisco, ca is the email address: help 94104 @ twitch.tv.
Your residence in california, if the same information is sent to you by e-mail as possible you a letter to the address up with your e-mail address and a requirement that information will be sent.
Specific conditions for soundtrack by Twitch.
Twitch soundtrack by (" "), which on the soundtrack is, that is a Twitch-diensten it should enable Streamer-tool creators with her in the background music and play Live-streams lizenzpflichtige this Live-streams where these On-demand-videos upload music is excluded.
Herunterlädst soundtrack by you, and / or otherwise installierst do, would you agree that your or your installation or use of download this is subject to conditions of use. "
Community-richtlinien Musikrichtlinien and also apply from Twitch.
We recommend you, before the use of both directives soundtrack reread.
Soundtrack came from the desire, creators in a greater choice of music on Twitch lizenzpflichtiger available. Live-streaming
For Twitch has different right-holders such licences acquired and expanded its was continuously to Soundtrack-sendern. add new title and -playlists
Twitch soundtrack of has also been designed to create that its creators On-demand-videos Live-streams this music excluded.
By Twitch secured allow you, the licences Twitch material for use in Live-streams on your available. Twitch-kanal
Music soundtrack on turkey and other material is not available for use in content, in content which recorded in advance on demand (for example, and can be streamed from vod) or outside the licensed Twitch-dienste clips.
This means that you:
On-demand-inhalte create the material must not contain soundtrack-we have in the programming of this restriction, and respected at this soundtrack if properly can you set up by the music create musikfreie On-demand-videos Live-streams of soundtrack include; or
No content outside the service must, the music or live Twitch-dienste other material from soundtrack.
The above cases would be a violation of the rights which the rightholders and their agents mean hold.
Last we want to point out that in the field of music over time franchise rights can change.
Therefore we reserve at any time before, some songs and content or to be removed if this by soundtrack licences or applicable law becomes necessary.
Twitch is your use of connected and is not liable no responsibility. "
