General Geschäfts-bedingungen
Germany terms and conditions for transfers of funds: on the western union ® years
It is important that you read and understand our general terms and conditions before you agree with them.
Contain restrictions of our commitments towards them and restrictions and exclusions to them for the losses of our liability them by a transfer of funds on the western can arise. Union-onlinedienst
Such provisions are marked in bold numbers.
General terms and conditions shall be used in our terms:
A. bank card " " refers to a visa or mastercard ® ® or debit card -kreditkarte;
" Business day ' means a day (as a saturday and sunday is no on which the banks in vienna open for business.
C. Kartenaussteller " " refers to the originator and owner of a bank card;
D. payment method ' means the " opportunities that the contracting authority to make transfers of on the western available. Union-onlinedienst
These may vary from country to country and may bank card, a bank account or other payment methods have as their subject-matter.
E. " purpose " refers to any unlawful banned including, without being limited to end, making or receiving payments for gambling services, or making a payment chips, itself Glücksspieldarlehen itself to demonstrate as recipients (), the credit risk of fraud create or dispatch or receiving multiple profiles funds on behalf of another person;
F. " consignee ' refers to the person who as beneficiaries of transfers of funds is indicated regardless of whether this transfer (by an entity on the western or by a person by another Union-onlinedienst Union-geldtransferdienst), western led
G. payer refers to the person responsible for the implementation of transfers of funds on the western led Union-onlinedienst;
H. " transaction " refers to any transfer of funds, which they on the western cause; Union-onlinedienst
I. western union, " " we, " " our " or " us " refers to the western union international bank gmbh and western union international limited and the provisions of the treaty in paragraph 9 and in point to " negligence or fraud " is also affiliated undertakings or on our part of western union included, if these distribution partners tasks which otherwise of western union to provide the western would have to be carried out; Union-onlinedienstes
J. Union-onlinedienst " western " refers to those of us on the western, Geldtransferservices or the mobile app of western union Union-website provided;
K. Union-website western " or " website " refers to our website operated on the provision of and to the mobile app of western Geldtransferservices union;
L. " she, " " them " or " you (s) " refers to any person who, as the western uses. contractors Union-website
1 on us
1.1. the western union is on the western union ® years international bank gmbh (" ") in cooperation with the WUIB western union offered international limited.
WUIB is a in austria under the (fn) at the vienna court Firmenbuchnummer 256187t registered limited liability company with the seat in the vienna (24), of icon tower, vienna belt 13 a-1100.
Datenverarbeitungsregisternummer Dvr-nummer) is their (. international limited is a western union 2111221 society irish law (:), based in to Gesellschaftsnummer 372428 office park, unit, 9 Richview, dublin, ireland. Clonskeagh 14
Consumer 1.2. can on the addresses and opening hours of the distribution partners and local representatives at the following number: 0800. you can tell 181 1797 remain subject to the following point (achieve free of charge WUIB in austria): + 43 (0) 800 29 or if you send an e-mail to 6544 germany.customer @ westernunion.de.
1.3 WUIB. is the (" "), austrian financial market supervision supervision 5, vienna, telephone otto-wagner-platz 1090 + 43 1 249 59, monitored.
Other regarding the supervision is available on the internet site available. www.fma.gv.at
On our achievements.
2.1. with the western is western union national and international Union-onlinedienst. Geldtransferservices
They must be aged 18 and their habitual residence in germany, in order to be able to use western Union-onlinedienst.
Any transfer of funds is its own, the so-called transfer money allocated Transaktionsnummer control number. " or " MTCN
2.2. by completing and confirmation of the information necessary for a transfer of funds and through the adoption of these general terms and conditions issued in charge of the ordered a transfer of funds to carry out specific WUIB.
Mission each is a separate agreement between and the contracting entity that for WUIB the implementation of a concrete transfers of funds is limited.
Between them and us will never closed, a framework agreement which obliges us, individual and successive transfers of funds.
The contracting entity has the beneficiaries themselves on the transfer of funds to provide information.
2.3 subject to legal or administrative requirements. we are committing ourselves, the amount of money that the business day by the end of the () day Eingangszeitpunktes date of receipt by the recipient provide for collecting,.folgt.
The Eingangszeitpunkt is the date on which the amount of money and the related transfer transferierende fees guide us in.
Triggered transfers shall for paper period by an additional business day.
2.4. to transfers of funds (i) the in a country outside the eea or (ii) where more than one currency conversion between the euro and the currency of non-euro area member state of the european union or takes place, or (iii) the Ewr-vertragsstaates not paid in euro the amount is no later than the end of the fourth business day after the collection by the recipient provided. on the date of receipt
2.5. normal can usually transfers within a few minutes from depending on the location of each working hours of the. Vertriebspartners
In certain countries can cause delays and other restrictions.
Details you have your telephone number in point 1.2 of this general terms and conditions is specified.
2.6 western provides various possibilities for the removal of Union-onlinedienst money: the at the site of the transfer or Barabholung Vertriebspartners to a bank account or mobile phone, where applicable.
To cash paid the amount of money to get, each recipient satisfactory proof of their identity and all of western union information required on the transfer of funds, in particular the name of the contracting authority, the country of origin, the name of the beneficiary, the indicative amount and all other terms and conditions at the site of the western union for the disbursement of funds imperative Vertriebspartners are, for example the money transfer control number), (MTCN present.
Barauszahlungen made to the person or western union to maintain the distribution partners after examination of the transfers passports deemed justified.
Barauszahlungen even take place if, by the beneficiary provided minor errors. Transaktionsangaben
Neither western union nor its lead a comparison of the recipient's address details distribution partners.
To Auszahlungsorten to certain should the recipient to prove his identity or to answer or to do both, Testfrage to pick up the money.
Testfragen are no additional and can not be used to provide security feature the payment of a vote or to delay and are transfers in some countries shall be prohibited.
For transfers to a bank account or a mobile phone the money to the western union sent by the contracting entity designated account.
In case of inconsistency between the Kontonummerinhaber (including accounts on mobile phones) and the long numbers for on behalf of the beneficiary, the transfer is designated by the contracting entity to specified account number
2.7. the applicable law prohibits the companies each sending money, with certain individuals or countries maintain relations; western union is obliged to all transactions by means of verifying that we of the lists of names governments of countries and territories, where we have, including the office for american relations foreign assets control (OFAC) office of foreign assets control, and the european union.
In the event that a possible line detected, reviewed in order to determine the western union transaction, whether the name of the person on the list consistent.
To that end, western union entitled by the contracting entity or the designated additional information and a recipient to request that the transaction Identifikationsnachweis may delay.
It is a legal requirement for all transactions, the western union (including all outside the united states initiated and Versandaktivitäten end) are processed.
2.8 Transfergebühren:. to our written information on transfers to the contraaing authority on the fees they receive polluted by. Transaktions-website Western-union
This be prior to the conclusion of the payment order submitted to the contracting authority.
Concrete fee for a transfer of funds are you indicated if you go on the field, Online-geldversand www.westernunion.com " clicking.
Select in the country of destination from, indicate the desired and click on " calculated amount of transfer.
The contraaing authority shall pay any fees for the transfer of funds, unless, applicable law requires a different rules. in Empfangsland
May in certain cases the local taxes and administrative fees are subject to. Geldtransferzahlungen
For kontenbasierte and transfers of funds on a mobile telephone or transfers account may additional charges on the preservation of the recipient of the contracting authority is expected. funds
Should transfers of funds to a local (the beneficiary) belonging, otherwise the transferee bank sent Währungskonto (where the recipient be) has the money for their own account or the transaction can deny. convert conversion rate
In questions concerning the rights and duties, fees, account and availability of the funds and the agreement is relevant to the Kontobeschränkungen recipients, or any other mobile telephone companies with his mwallet-dienstleister. has completed Konto-anbieter
In case of inconsistency between the Kontonummerinhaber (including accounts on mobile phones) and the long numbers for on behalf of the beneficiary, the transfer is designated by the contracting entity to specified account number
Western union can for the dispatch or receipt of transfers of funds which, using an account also be additional fees.
Western union takes neither to a high or to any account holder fees in respect of liability for the in the conversion into nicht-örtliche for acts and omissions or currencies used conversion rates of the final or intermediate Finanzdienstleisters emerge.
2.9 foreign currency.
A. Geldtransferzahlungen are usually in the currency of the country of destination (in some countries the payment is paid exclusively in an alternative currency possible).
All currencies are converted into the current exchange rate of western union.
Western union calculated on the basis of commercial Interbankkurse its exchange rate plus a margin.
Most exchange rates several times a day according to the relevant Schlusskursen of global financial markets onwards.
The exchange rate for a transfer of funds shall be indicated if you on them in the box " the country of destination " www.westernunion.com, select the desired Online-geldversand enter " and " clicking. calculated amount of transfer
As the currency is at the time of transfer and the beneficiary is the foreign converted during the monetary amount is displayed. transfer operations
Letter but in some countries that local provisions only at the time of payment transfers of funds converts.
In the event that the contracting entity the amount of money in one of these countries sent is the exchange rate only as specified above to understand and the actual exchange rate is estimated at the time of payment.
Distribution partners of western union can offer the recipients in a currency other than the amount of money by the contraaing authority elected to obtain.
In such cases, western union (or its distribution partners, or mobile money by the amount of money. in addition Kontoanbieter Umwechslung by the beneficiary of the contraaing authority in currency chosen deserve.
In the event that the authority to which the national currency is Zahlungswährung is different, it is possible the destination country that the chosen not in all of this country paying agencies Zahlungswährung is available, or that they are not sufficient in small is available to the whole denomination transfer of funds to be paid.
In this case, of the whole or part of the distribution partners transfers of funds in the national currency of the contraaing authority pay.
Of western union compared to exchange rate used is announced publicly, which, in commercial exchange rates transactions between banks or other financial institutions may be used, be less favourable.
All differences between the exchange rate, which is offered, and the customers of western union of western union (received exchange rate and, in certain cases, by its agent, or mobile) in addition to retain Kontoanbietern Transfergebühren.
Additional information on exchange rates for certain specified below on the target countries can free telephone number or on our website should be sought.
2.10 sms-western union. in some countries can offer to the contracting entity (free Sms-benachrichtigungen) indicate that the amount of transfer by the recipient or that was picked for collecting funds to the beneficiary). (available
Telefonanbieters only for costs of the contracting entity or the recipient responsible.
Western union is not responsible for any costs associated with sms.
Unless applicable law so permits, the sms message to the contracting authority and / or the beneficiary's mobile phone number, which at the time of the transaction is indicated, sent.
Western union, the sms to transfer to send, but it is a gateway transmission task and so can not be guaranteed third.
Western union is not responsible for technical malfunctions, which occur outside his own system.
Our responsibility towards them.
3.1 we declare ourselves willing to give you the and the related information in accordance with those Geldtransferleistungen general terms and conditions in the form of single payment transactions, taking appropriate provide diligence.
3.2. we are not obliged to perform a transaction, instructions execute and, if we are not a contract or payment for them withdraw reject our end or in any way limit.
These general terms and conditions shall, however, for all contracts, for their adoption we decide.
3.3. we accept no liability for:
A. the goods or services on the western, especially the delivery, pay Union-onlinedienst
B. malfunctions in the domain is not in our communication facilities;
C. Datenverluste or delays in the transmission by the use of a Internetdienst-anbieters or using a browser or other software caused the outside our hegemony;
D. Kartenaussteller provided by your services;
E. viruses that from third parties;
F. errors on the website of western union or on the western by incomplete or false information which Union-onlinedienst by it or third was provided;
G. unautorisiertes or use of information before the arrival on the intercept website; or
H. unauthorised use or unauthorised access to data in relation to them or their transactions, which we managed, unless such use or such access shall be made by our negligence.
3.4. irrespective of any earlier agreements agreed with them we have no commitment to a transfer of funds to encourage or carried out where:
A. we are not in a position, a sufficient proof of their identity to obtain;
As we have reason to believe that the flawed, or are falsified; unautorisiert transaction information
C. us false or incomplete information or provide their not soon enough with us come, transaction information for the timely implementation of the required transfers of funds in accordance with point
2.3 to 2.5 to ensure; or
D. Kartenaussteller you not to use their authorization for the payment of the transaction and our bank card issued fees.
We take our liability in accordance with point following subject
8 no liability for damage caused by the late payment of transfers of funds to a or Nichtauszahlung recipients or through the failure of the transaction as part of the western due to one of the above causes arise Union-onlinedienstes.
3.5. we are entitled to them the use of the western to partially or completely refuse Union-onlinedienstes that use a breach of directives of western union (incl.
Directives to prevent fraud, money laundering or terrorist financing) and / or against a valid law, a court order or a requirement for supervisory or any other institution, whose jurisdiction and governmental authority, is, or when we we are subject to such a move deem necessary to protect our own interests.
We are using the western (partially or completely) from a Union-onlinedienstes above have refused to, you will be in line with reasons and inform our action, unless, that is for us for legal reasons not allowed.
3.6. we are entitled to the operation of the western or western partially or completely Union-website Union-onlinedienstes, if we so stop because of circumstances which our influence withdraw at their own discretion consider appropriate (" events outside our hegemony.
Western Union-website or if the by for some reason was provided services Union-onlinedienst western should be (whether by us, a or otherwise), are Drittanbieter we implement the appropriate measures to the length of interruption as short as possible.
3.7. communication with them is usually via the internet and e-mail.
However, it has no effect on their right, under certain circumstances in any other way to enter into contact with us (see point 1.2 above).
Us opponent's your responsibility.
4.1. they declare their willingness to our fees (see above) for each point 2.8 closer to pay in transfers of western cause. Union-onlinedienstes
4.2. you must for a transfer of funds as well as our basic amount fees incurred a bank card or from your bank account pay (if a on a bank account of authorised). based transfers WUIB
They agree that her for the basic amount and the transfer of funds Kartenaussteller our fees for the transaction or that this sum of corresponding pays your bank account is transferred to us before we the transfer of funds or other transaction carried out.
It before the final authorization of the transaction on the exact amount shall we be and you exercise your Kartenaussteller bank account.
4.3. you agree and confirm:
A. Online-geldtransfers information provided as part of a true, are accurate, up-to-date and complete;
As do the transaction data (its name, its amount of money, country, name of consignee and) exclusively to the beneficiaries to put forward MTCN.
You have an obligation to ensure that this information is not by third parties may be. ausgespäht
We recommend that you money just you personally known recipient to transfer;
C. do the western for purposes not prohibited use; Union-onlinedienst
D. do under the western no transfers of funds for banned. purposes make Union-onlinedienstes
E. it under the western against these transfers ask no Union-onlinedienstes general terms and conditions or conditions, or other usage restrictions contrary on the website of western union specified; and
F. them for the safety of your username and password in the following paragraph 6 responsible.
4.4. in the case of loss, theft, a reproduction or abusive or use of transaction data (see above) (unauthorized) or if they consider 4.3.b that we carried out a transaction on the making us not authorised, or if you are of the view that we have not carried out correctly or not transaction are obliged to us this telephone under number 0800 on the matter immediately after in 181 Kenntniserlangung reported.
We shall then initiate an investigation.
4.5. you agree and confirm that we, the data on their person and to the services, which we will provide supervisory or, where applicable, or whose institutions may, if government pass
A. we are obliged by law or
As we consider that such disclosure preventing fraud, money laundering and other criminal activities can help.
Customer service.
When bugs or problems on the western or the western notice Union-website Union-onlinedienst please sit down by e-mail or telephone contact details specified in point 1.2 (with us in association with or write us in german language at the following address:
Western union germany
Lithuania uab
J. Balcikonio str 3,
Vilnius, lithuania Lt-08247
Password and security.
Geldtransferauftrages during the first to us you must a password and a valid email address as username).
The username and password may only by yourself to be used.
Responsibility for the and your username and password keep their using their for all transactions are carried out your username or password entirely up to you.
Share your password and take note of this with anyone nowhere!
You agree, we immediately of any unauthorised use of or your username or password on every other sort of a security breach under the number by 0800 181 to notify in 1797.
After us on the unauthorised use of their password or, we will have your username informed immediately take all necessary steps in order to prevent any further use of this data.
We will immediately after the initiation of the relevant steps on this measure and inform you of our reasons for, except that we do this for legal reasons is not possible.
By opening these steps is no liability for us from its losses or damages their obligation under this paragraph arise failure at the latest.
You may have, however, with their right to reimbursement or credit Kartenaussteller of a specific amount, if your bank card or their bank account on fraudulent manner.
Disclosure of information to third.
7.1 western union used and processed their personal data in accordance with our privacy policy, they expressly agree. this
Click here to reach our privacy policy.
We are always entitled to changes in our privacy policy.
7.2. this declaration is an explicit with regard to the waiver pursuant to § 38 of the austrian law on banking, banking secrecy.
Permission they can always by letter to the specified in point 1.1 or by e-mail to the paragraph Wuib-adresse 1.2 e-mail address specified revoked.
7.3. we reserve the right to verify the information provided to them.
Kreditwürdigkeitsauskünfte based on methods of the western union is mathematisch-statistischer Deltavista gmbh, diefenbachgasse 35, 1150 wien, or other for us to service providers operating to review with the exception of loan information customer information.
Permission, you can revoked at any time.
Liability.
A. unauthorised transactions
8.1. sometimes we have for you, if we are to carry out a transaction for the execution of us not authorised.
Except where it in accordance with point
8.2 and 8.3 not accept responsibility for not authorised, we will have the transactions is immediately, but no later than the end of Transaktionsbetrag) above, the date of the business day following that on which we have been informed that the relevant transaction was not authorised, or otherwise aware of the unauthorized transaction have become.
We have no claims for reimbursement of costs against them.
If we suspect that you have made a fraudulent act is our commitment to refund, as long as are pending further investigation be initiated immediately.
Sometimes assume 8.2. up to a maximum of eur 50 for losses, where:
A. loss from unauthorized due to the use of transactions stems lost, stolen or otherwise transaction data have been carried out (see above) (abhandengekommenen)) or 4.3.b
As loss due to a misuse of transaction data by it began.
8.3. we don't make claims referred to in point 8.2 against them, if you do that was not possible, the loss, theft or misuse of noted or if the loss of the transaction data by an employee or agents, the transaction data for us or our branches, or by one of us worked for external service provider was caused.
8.4 liability for losses from a. their unauthorised transactions are not in accordance with paragraph 8.2 at a maximum of eur 50 limited if they acted or malicious of misuse of transaction data deliberately or recklessly.
In such cases, they shall be responsible for the total damage by the unauthorised transaction is.
Gross negligence is especially, without being limited to, if you are not immediately of the loss of the transaction data inform the transaction data or not safe or those vis-à-vis third parties reveal.
8.5. with the exception of cases where before us not liable for its part, schemes:
A. for losses caused by an unauthorised use of transaction data after we referred to in point 4.4 are being informed;
B. unless we have ensured that our contact points at their disposal, to give us in accordance with point 4.4 can inform.
B. incorrect carried out transactions and not carried out transactions
8.6 sometimes liable. we would if we for them a transaction for which they authorize us, incorrect or not at all, as far as they carry out no fault is attributable.
This means that we have not carried out or in the event of incorrect carried out the transaction (the extent Transaktionsbetrag to which the transaction is not or not) has been correctly implemented.
They are entitled to reimbursement of all fees and interest, insofar as those associated with not carried out or not correctly carried out, or arose. transaction on
8.7 zwischengestaltete. as far as we or a body for an incorrect carried out or fees and charges levied transaction carried out have been deducted from the amount of the transaction to the recipient under condition, we will immediately, the beneficiary the amounts him with regard to these age be refunding fees were on.
8.8 liability, which we will. any further referred to in point 8.6 shall be excluded, where debt:
(A) we can demonstrate that the timely by the payment service provider of the Transaktionsbetrag beneficiary accepted, or
(B) for the purposes of point 8.6, a transaction as carried out correctly applies if we manage to a demonstration that the transaction was carried out in accordance with the transaction data which you are made available.
If we were to carry out the transaction false data made available, you can ask us them with their restoration of such funds to help.
We can not guarantee for the success of these efforts.
We reserve the right to them to charge a fee for our reasonable cost burden in this respect.
C. damages
8.9. without prejudice to any entitlement in accordance with point 8.1 and 8.2 of (i) not implemented or not correctly carried out transactions or (ii) authorised unauthorised transactions they have a right to compensation from us to demand.
This is not the case, if we are not responsible, because no error by stands.
We liable for by us reprehensible act intermediary entrusted, as far as the fault not by an intermediate body shall take them was commissioned.
When because of an action with which to developing damage schuldhaften have contributed, the issue is how to balance the damage suffered between us and them will be divided according to the principle of Mitverschuldenshaftung decided.
8.10 our liability for damage referred to in point 8.6. (a) is at a maximum of eur 12,500 per transaction limited.
The rapporteur does not:
• for unauthorised transactions
• intent or gross negligence, in
• Zinsverlusten and in
• with respect to risks from a transaction, on the us informed.
D. disclaimer
8.11. any further, which we are in accordance with point 8.1 liability or debt can is excluded, as far as 8.6 us not within 13 months following completion of the transaction on the unauthorised or incorrect operation carried out information.
8.12. we'll take them, no liability, where the unauthorised or incorrect operation carried out by a third party or under third was carried out by them were commissioned, before their payment for the transfer or any other transaction been submitted to us.
You immediately with the relevant third to contact him and about the circumstances of unauthorised or incorrect operation carried out to inform.
8.13 liable. we continue not to point 8 is not carried out correctly or not, if the reason for this carried out transactions events which are beyond our hegemony is located or legal obligations us together.
8.14. we are not liable for damage caused to unusual and unforeseen events are based on the western union has no influence and its consequences in spite of due diligence not could have been avoided (for example, by the events which are beyond our hegemony default of war, internal disturbances, or other Telekommunikationsleitungen events such as strike or caused that we do not affect lock-outs, may).
This also applies to cases in which different community, national, western union by judicial or administrative orders.
8.15. we close our liability to them, and they do not limit if this would be in breach of the law.
Includes liability for damage to life and limb, which caused by serious negligence for fraud or our deception or for a breach of our use is made of legal rights when it is forbidden by law, the corresponding legal rights with regard to the western exclude or limit. Union-onlinedienst
Intellectual property.
Union-website western and western, their content and the entire Union-onlinedienst related or contained in intellectual property (including copyright, patents, trademarks and Servicemarken) are, Datenbankrechten property of western union, with the western union related companies or by third parties.
All rights in the western and the western Union-website and / or the Union-onlinedienst remain our property owned by third parties.
Union-website western and western may only be used for those purposes and Union-onlinedienst caused by these general conditions of sale be allowed or on the website are described.
They shall be restricted to view and save a copy of the part of the western Union-website for their personal use justified.
Without our express written approval, they are not entitled to western, or parts of the western Union-website Union-onlinedienst to publish or to duplicate, to change, to create, to modify a work of their transfer or their sale to take part in the world wide web to publish or for a public or commercial use elsewhere to use.
You do not have: (a) a robot, spider, or another programme for the scraper automated access to the western or, to use the western Union-website Union-onlinedienst and / or (b) reference to copyright and trademarks and other information or to change, to remove eigentumsbezogene on the western (or printed pages of the website) Union-website are displayed.
Refer western union and all the other names as well as of products and / or services of Eigentumsbezeichnungen western union, on the western appear are exclusive brands of Union-website western union or exclusive brands of third parties.
Other goods, services, or the corporate name on the website are mentioned, may be marks of their respective owners.
Links to other websites.
Union-website western left and to other references may and the world wide web have Internetsites sources (the " following " websites.
Left linked to any site do not constitute an endorsement by us or our association with any third party resources or their contents.
Left do not imply that western union is affiliated or associated with third parties or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or icon displayed in accessible through a copyright or link, or that any sites are authorised to use any trademark linked, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of western union.
Any concerns regarding any direct you should linked to such site's site linked site or administrator webmaster.
Western union does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of, and expressly, any advice, opinion, disclaims statement, or other information displayed or distributed through any linked site.
Hereby reliance upon you acknowledge that any opinion, advice, or information displayed on or otherwise available through any linked site shall be at your sole risk.
. With regard to a transfer of funds or existing right of withdrawal
The right of withdrawal
11.1. you have the right, one on the western Union-website issued within 14 days resign. Geldtransferauftrag
The resignation is to expressly and in writing by e-mail or by post to explain.
They can not resign if the amount of money we already more before you have paid to the beneficiary with us. resignation eingelangt
If you carry out the amount of money before we right of withdrawal to the beneficiary, we will have paid them and shall not charge fees to Transferbetrag rückerstatten.
11.2 Geldtransferauftrag. you can a by e-mail or letter to us in writing, as long as we withdraw the amount of money before we are not in receipt of your withdrawal to the beneficiary paid.
In this case, we will have the amount of the transfers of funds to the at the time of reimbursement for western union, but at least the nominal value of the exchange rate valid to, if Transferbetrages within 45 days of the payment to the beneficiary has not been implemented.
The Transfergebühren they receive in this case not refunded.
Geldtransferbetrag within three business days if we do not for the recipient available to them, we in the event of withdrawal and the legitimate all paid (subject to Transfergebühren Transferbetrag legal or regulatory restrictions).
Full agreement.
These general terms and conditions, together with all other bodies by reference in the general terms and conditions involved the full agreement between them and us Vertragspunkten and will replace all possibly between them and us earlier existing agreements.
Severability.
Where one or more of the provisions of the general terms and conditions for some reason, he is invalid or unenforceable should be, the remaining provisions in force. nevertheless valid and
14 complaints, applicable law, jurisdiction
14.1. when they should not be content with our performance, you can appeal to us written decision.
Use these to the contact details please. published www.westernunion.com
We will do our best to their complaints as soon as possible, and within 15 days when you investigate after receiving a definitive answer send their complaints.
In exceptional cases provide them within 15 days when a from which the period shows, Zwischenstandsmitteilung in them with our final answer can count; this period is in any case exceed 35 business days, starting from the date of their original complaint.
No definitive answer if you from us or our final answer does not satisfy, you can appeal to the austrian banking industry, the common body of main street 63, vienna wenden. 1045
Consumer habitually resident in germany can also in certain complaints body federal financial supervisory authority, unit 3, road 108, zr Graurheindorfer, or the deutsche bundesbank body D-53117 bonn, postfach 11 12 32, frankfurt am main, judge. 60047
You have also the possibility of their rights before the competent civil courts to assert.
Alternatively, they may on online dispute resolution (odr-" Online-streitschlichtung ") use.
Odr out-of-court solutions to disputes the offers from: online transactions http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
14.2. this is on the general terms and conditions except his austrian law applicable conflict-of-law rules.
Means is vienna.
Consumers if they are located in germany and you may feel to the mandatory rules of the german cabinet. Verbraucherschutzgesetzgebung
14.3. in contracts not concluded with consumers, are the austrian courts.
Consumers if they are, they can practice with regard to disputes or claims (including rights or) from, or in disputes außervertraglicher context of the present either in the courts in their general terms and conditions before the courts in austria or habitual residence effort.
Consumers if they are rich we charges against them in the courts of their normal place of residence, residence or their. Beschäftigungsort
