Europaverkaufsbedingungen
Last updated: 1 january 2022
Grown-ups and they must be that they hereby confirm a / r / and adults the legal age of in their country and country of residence have reached came of age.
Underage if they are to their parents or guardians agree with this agreement.
Read all of this and terms of sale (" ") the conditions of sale carefully and understand how these the purchase of digital content, including any rules on purchases or the blizzard ® ® are made, such battle.net shop b. games, or not, and either herunterladbar herunterladbar other types of software which are not in material form provided, digital or funds Spielabonnements In-game-gegenstände as upload (together " digital content Battle.net-guthaben " and / or " services ").
Physical products are currently on this platform not offered for sale.
Blizzard-plattform using the, as generally defined, including all of Blizzard-endnutzerlizenzvereinbarung blizzard digital goods or services purchased is subject to the provisions of the blizzard in conjunction with the conditions of sale Endnutzerlizenzvereinbarung should be read.
Conditions do not apply to purchases in this store (the " blizzard gear gear ") under here, blizzard store by separate directives and use be regulated, directly on the blizzard Store-website can be consulted. "
Your order.
With the task of an order that she explain without. users of used payment method
When in europe, the middle east or africa are located, give because other digital content services or a binding offer to purchase the related digital content and services of activision blizzard uk limited from whose registered office is in the building, 178 Wardour street, london ampersand,, united kingdom (he 8fy W1f referred to as " blizzard ', " " or " us ' we is.
Your order is accepted and is a contract as soon as we sent to her Battle.net-account deposited Bestätigungs-e-mail. e-mail sent
The use of digital content or service is also the other Battle.net-endbenutzer-lizenzvereinbarung and / or other Endbenutzer-lizenzvereinbarungen licensor and / or conditions of use to them during the Bestellvorgangs Service-bedingungen.
Hereby explicitly that the vote supply of digital content and / or the provision of our services immediately after the release of access to digital content and / or services begins, either directly or after the purchase in the case of pre-orders and / or as soon as these Vorkäufen digital content and / or services to be provided (" performance of the contract.
Subscriptions.
Spiele-abonnements depends on the duration of one of your chosen Abonnementlaufzeit.
To interruption of the use of the digital content to avoid your subscription automatically, for the same chosen by Abonnementzeitraum extended.
Subscription denounce you can you by before the end of the current on the first page of Account-management-seite Abonnementzeitraums in their on the button " account " terminate Battle.net-account button.
Digital content they may, however, until end of the current Abonnementzeitraums used.
Please note that there are no refunds are, if you prematurely, since the subscription digital content until the end of available. for them Abonnementzeitraums
Blizzard reserves the right to the level of Abonnementgebühren at their own discretion to change.
Blizzard sends them in such a case at least thirty (30) days before the price change a message indicator.
Upon this notification, we would remind it that she and her continued use after expiry of the current accept. the new Abonnementzeitraums Abonnementgebühren
The new price is, however, only from the date of automatic Abonnementverlängerung.
Price disagree with these if you, will you unsubscribe from list by on the first page of its in their on the button " Account-management-seite Battle.net-account " button, before the account terminate with the amended begins. price Abonnementzeitraum
Their cancellation must be before the price changes, the amendments as otherwise accepted.
Prices and payment.
Depending on their country of residence and the articles they buy you may be able to choose from several different currencies of blizzard were to buy.
Prices include each valid vat.
Digital content and services are sold them on. Vorkasse-basis
Payment is immediately with the appointment and in case of automatic renewal at the beginning of a new subscriptions due. Abonnementzeitraums
Them may be available during the different payment methods Bestellvorgangs indicate how credit card, debit entry or Battle.net-guthaben.
Abrechnungs-drittanbietern payment and for the use of such as paypal, additional conditions and costs can this supplier.
You agree, all fees and costs to pay taxes for them, and any person who their account used is used.
If it is for a game, you recognize decide Dauerabonnement that payments are processed (e.g. from their automatically), or their credit card Blizzard-guthaben until they subscription or the account quit.
Blizzard can prices for the products and services offered on the platform at any time change. appropriate notice
Termination of the contract.
You have the right of this treaty, within fourteen (14) calendar days after the purchase without giving any reason to.
Consumer ceases to 14 calendar days after the closing of the sale.
To have to take us to the right of withdrawal its decision on the resignation by a clear statement tell by the procedures described follow https: / / / / en / article / support eu.battle.net. this declaration must be your name, 186491 her address, the name of the, the, the date of Blizzard-accounts order number and the date of appointment (s contain a template for a can be found at the end of these conditions. Rücktrittsformular
To safeguard the consumer, they must submit before the resignation consumer.
Consequences of the resignation.
If successfully by the treaty, we shall pay them all payments to resign which we have received from you, within a reasonable time, at the latest within fourteen (14) days from the day on which we have been informed about their Rücktrittsentscheidung.
Unless expressly agreed otherwise among them is the reimbursement using the same means you have used for the initial transaction, and in any case, free of charge.
If during the consumer the provision of services under a contract have requested, you pay us an amount in proportion to the benefits which is in full cover these services as part of the purchase contract until their Rücktrittsmitteilung has been provided.
Important:
Notwithstanding the above you recognize this explicitly that her right of withdrawal in respect of the purchase of digital content after start of implementation (see section 1 above) and before the inc. access to content a previous calls as soon as they lose download on the content of access.
Recognize this explicitly that her on any services lose if the termination of the contract with their implementation explicit consent (see above paragraphs 1) has begun and the treaty of us has been fully complied with.
Erstattungspraktiken blizzard's detailed information on can be found in our Erstattungsrichtlinie.
Erstattungspraktiken check our before you a purchase operating.
Changes to the conditions of sale.
They conditions of sale, from time to time amend or modify date.
The revised shall apply to all subsequent purchases. conditions of sale
You agree, the conditions of sale before each to read and to purchase accept.
Haftungsfreistellung and limitation of liability.
6.1
Nothing 6.1.1. in these conditions, the limited liability of (a) for blizzard of death or injury to our negligence or our staff or agents are due; (b) the wilful misconduct, (c) fraud or fraudulent before; (d) for gross negligence or (e) for any other liability under existing law not excluded or limited. |
6.1.2 6.1.1. subject to long-term damage, for not liable blizzard sequelae, or for, or unforeseen damage, loss of revenue for Strafschäden lost revenue or Geschäftsverluste transactions or the expected savings, loss of data loss whatever emerge.
Blizzard shall not be liable for damage resulting from generation, in accordance with these purchases were made, and on a sales conditions fault or negligence on its part or on an event are due, the outside our control is appropriate (see section " force majeure " below).
6.1.3 blizzard. exclusively for negligence, in the light is an essential, for example when injured blizzard Vertragspflicht products or services not provide we paid and the liability of blizzard is to a limited, with damage and predictable in any case long-term damage, and / or excluded Strafschadenersatz sequelae.
6.1.4. for all other liabilities is the liability of blizzard per claim or claims to the typical and related series from the foreseeable damage limited the right is, and is on a violation is founded the fees is limited amount in the 30 days immediately prior to their right to blizzard have paid.
6.2 blizzard of all liabilities, they are free, the claims and costs as a direct or indirect consequence of the blizzard, provision of services, in conjunction with our products and the provision of products for they arise.
Except Endnutzerlizenzvereinbarung or, as in the other agreements between them and blizzard takes them, no liability for blizzard blizzard products which the patent, copyright, trademarks, registered design, or other Datenbankrecht rights subject to third.
Please refer to the conditions of Produktherstellers or holder.
Force majeure.
Blizzard forgave them not liable on loss or harm, nor of the vertragsbrüchig directly or indirectly from a belated output or impossibility of performance by blizzard circumstances outside the control of blizzard is.
Can blizzard in such a case your order and cancel payments) above.
Shortcomings.
In case of a deficiency, the law.
Service.
Contact information for the customer service can be found at http: / / eu.support.blizzard.com / de-de.
Talk with concern, coupled with their purchase of digital content and / or services please first at our service.
Settlement for residents of the european union and the united kingdom.
For cases in which the solution its intention through our not satisfied and you in the european service union is established, the european commission a platform to ready to online dispute resolution at the following address is achievable: http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
Solution if it its intention through our customer service does not satisfy them in the uk and is established, the uk government information on consumer rights available at the following address: https: / / www.gov.uk / consumer-protection-rights.
Total agreement.
Blizzard Endnutzerlizenzvereinbarung and the terms of sale shall have priority over other agreements between the parties or implicitly through trade, or manner Üblichkeit.
Different terms and conditions, including against third parties, are legally excluded. where allowed
Applicable law.
When blizzard entertainment sas has abandoned the conditions of sale an order are subject to the law of france and are in line with these; designed.
When international, a blizzard entertainment trade names of activision blizzard international bv or activision blizzard international bv, an order shall be subject to the conditions of sale have abandoned the laws of will be interpreted, to the exclusion of the netherlands and his, excluding the Un-kaufrechts Kollisionsrechtsnormen.
Jurisdiction.
As under the applicable law allowed votes that the exclusive jurisdiction to explicitly for all of them or complaints arising from or in connection with this result, the courts of the netherlands and terms of sale or france are, depending on who you in section 1 have a contract.
Annex Rücktrittsformular: presentation
:
Activision blizzard uk limited
I'll give you this day that i by the treaty on the purchase of the following digital content / the provision of the following: [provide the name of the service zurücktrete digital content service / reference]
Ordered on [insert date] please:
Bestellnummer: [reference] please order number
Name: [please enter name]
Address: [please confirm your address]
Blizzard-konto: please enter the email of your Blizzard-accounts []
Please date: [insert date and signature] -
