Conditions
Last updated on 27 november 2012.
These general terms and conditions (the " conditions ') organise their access to and use of websites and mobile applications on Yelps refer or refer to these conditions (" website.
By access to the website or their use vote these conditions and go to a legally binding treaty with friend ireland ltd, a company law, a (" friend " irländischen).
Aren't you going to the website or to make use of this not, if you are not to comply with the conditions or not in a position to commit to.
Definitions
Parties
" You " and " you ' refers to their lives as a user of website. "
Users " means all persons on the website, according to access this search or otherwise exploit browse. "
" We, " us " and " our " refers to friend.
Content
" Content " are equivalent, images, photos, audio and video files, and all other forms of information or Standortinformationen communication. "
Their content " are content that they have the or in conjunction with the website set, for example, assessments or transferred, recommendations, invitations, contributions, news and information to the public Check-ins or in their are displayed. Kontoprofil
With Benutzerinhalten " " are to users on the content or in conjunction with the website set or transferred. "
Yelp-inhalte are factors that we in conjunction with the website or provide. " create
Content third " are content that by other parties (except) or their users come and the Yelp in conjunction with the website will be made available. "
Website-inhalte ' means any content that in conjunction with the website will be made available, including their contents, the content and the third, Benutzerinhalte Yelp-inhalte.
Amending the conditions
We have the conditions uncommon amended accordingly.
The current version of the conditions can be found here.
You know they give their consent and that their access or the use of the website, subject to the conditions at the time of access or use the website are effective.
If we changes to these conditions, tell you this before to date of entry into force of amendments by e-mail or by published a message on the website.
Reference is also made the top of this page on the date of last changes there.
They should side with conditions as they regularly visit to compliance with the revised versions.
Any changes of this type are after the publication of new conditions valid.
You know, and they agree that they, in their continued access to the side or their use after publication of the amended conditions its agreement with the amendment explained.
Translation
We shall have the power, these conditions for you to translate into other languages.
Her relationship with Yelp is directed to the english text.
In the case of contradictions between the different versions had the english version shall prevail.
Use of website
Rating
They must at least 18 years old and have the necessary powers and the conditions for the adoption of these conditions.
Competitors as well as persons that we excluded or we have reached is the account of the access to the site and its use not allowed.
Permission to use the website
We allow them to use the website within the limits of these conditions.
Using website is at its own risk, including the risks on insulting,,, or other reprehensible defective offensive content. inappropriate due
Availability of.
Website may at any time without notice, or guarantee, updated and amended, temporarily or permanently discontinued.
Accounts
You must create an account and certain personal data indicate, with some of the functions of that website offered be able to use.
They are for confidentiality password responsible. your account
Also carry the responsibility for all acts in relation to its account are exported.
You are in agreement, we immediately of any unauthorised use of their account to teach.
We reserve the right to your account at any time, with or without justification to close.
Your account is an account, the only their personal, not commercial exploitation is.
Build your account they are complete and correct information indicating their lives to asked about its credibility as a member of the website to confirm.
Identities do not other persons (such as the identity of a famous or her neighbour to personality, no accounts for others or create this use no other except your email indicate or several accounts.
If you use a pseudonym, you should be aware that you still can identify other for example if you in your speeches to indicate the information they point the same on other websites using or agree to Kontoinformationen that other information about them to pass on. friend websites
For more information see in our data protection directive.
Notifications of friend and other users
By create your account vote some exchange of information in connection with the website.
Freundschaftsanfragen recommendations or you can for example by other users.
Receive also our weekly over to you in your news E-mail-newsletter neighborhood on the informed.
Notifications here. you can not essential abbestellen
Content
Liability for its contents
You alone are responsible for their content already published content can not always be withdrawn.
Bear all risks associated with their content, including the risks of their use in reliance on its accuracy, completeness and reliability resulting from the disclosure or out of personal data in their content and their identity to arise.
Confirm to you that you own the conditions as defined in this content, or have the necessary rights to use them and their use to authorize.
Do not give the impression that their content in any way from promoted or supported. friend
They can be held liable, for example, if their content, deliberately misleading or incorrect material in rights of third parties, violate verleumderisches including copyright, patents, trademarks, violations of business secrets, or other property, moral rights, personal rights music publishing rights or intellectual property rights, illegal material in hate speech or pornography, including illegal or otherwise damaged in minors are being exploited, or against any legislation or is such an infringement or directives support.
Our rights to use its content
We have the right of their content in various ways to use.
Includes among other things, they indicate to, in public and in other works advertisements reformatieren to integrate resulting works to create, to promote, to distribute them and others to approve, on their own websites and other media ") (" media platforms to do the same.
Give us in this respect, permanent, not exclusive, irrevocable worldwide, free, and rights of use for their transferable unterlizenzierbare zweckungebundene content.
Also give the users of the website and other media, in the use of the right irrevocably website and other media access to their content.
Finally abandon them irrevocably on all the legal rights and recovery to and its users or Urheberpersönlichkeitsrechten Yelp in terms of substance. rights Urheberbezeichnung
Under " use " we mean copying, public and display, market replicate play change translate, analyse and draw up this remove derived works of its content commercialise.
Property rights
Under relationship between you and friend are you the owner of its content.
Yelp-inhalte owner of, in particular the we are interfaces, functions, visual interactive graphics design, compilation of our and further, the, Benutzerinhalte website content of the products, the software, computer codes of all evaluations of and all other elements and components of Benutzerbeiträgen website, its content, and the only content. third Benutzerinhalte
Global copyright, we have also, trademarks and service marks, trademarks of intellectual property rights and other property rights (" "), which with the Ip-rechte and the service by copyright and related Yelp-inhalten, presentations, patents, and all other applicable property rights and Markengesetze intellectual property rights are protected.
So they're not entitled to the whole or in part to change to Yelp-inhalte reproduce,, to spread resulting works or to create, to show them publicly adaptations or in any other way to use, provided that we do not expressly authorised.
If this is not explicitly and clearly defined, and we grant you no explicit or implicit rights.
We own all rights to the website and Yelp-inhalten.
Advertising
Yelp licensee and his place as well as other information in advertisements may be public or in their content.
You're no remuneration for such advertisements justified.
We reserve to ourselves the way and the scope of such advertisements without prior notice should be amended.
Inhalt-feeds
Seiteninhalte part of the (" ") is from us on real Feed-inhalte simple (" ") feeds and Syndication Atom-feeds provided.
Feeds they have the access and use to on your pc, or its website Feed-inhalte in her blog (their side "), provided that (i) show their use of feeds exclusively personal, non-commercial purposes; (ii) the display its with the relevant part of the websites of Feed-inhalte friend is linked and as a source of Yelp is given, (iii) their Feed-inhalte use or display of not suggests that Feed-inhalte friend, ideas, websites, any concerns products or services, including their third side, promotes or supporting (iv) the not further distributed and (v) Feed-inhalte through their use of the systems of Yelp feeds are not overburdened.
Yelp reserves all rights to the feeds and is entitled to the feeds at any time before to an end.
Select on our " to advance partnerships " contact page on further opportunities for use of feeds with information.
Other
Benutzerinhalte (including those which may of users by creation employed under contract are) or Yelp does not necessarily give the opinion of reflect. friend
We reserve the right, from time to time in our sole discretion and without notice Benutzerinhalte to remove, to check to edit and restore.
, For example, we have the authority to remove a contribution if we consider that this our injured. Inhaltsrichtlinien
We are not obliged to copies of their content or store them such to provide, nor will guarantee the confidentiality of its content.
Restrictions
We are not obliged to conditions on their behalf against another user.
If you believe that another user against the conditions has not, can you like to say this.
We shall, however, the right in our own due diligence and the corresponding sole discretion to take action.
You agree, the website for the following not to use or other here to help them, or to encourage them to allow this.
Inhaltsrichtlinien violation of our, for example by creating a false or contribution, the action with contributions with verleumderischen other transactions or the or to help pay be paid to write or removed;
Violation of the rights of third parties, including the trust, the infringements of copyright, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, individual rights, or by other, Urheberpersönlichkeitsrechten Verwertungsrechten ownership or intellectual property rights;
Stalking threat, to inflict suffering or other harassment and incitement to religious intolerance and discrimination;
Advertising business or any other commercial project or event and alternative use of the website for commercial purposes except in connection with a Geschäftskonto and with the express permission of friend.
Sending spam, surveys or other, whether commercial or other administrative, Massennachrichten participation in or other attempts to search results of Keyword-spamming service or a website third to manipulate;
Request personal data of minors or cease or upload pornographic elements; or
Breach of applicable law.
They also agree, do not to do this or other to help them, encourage them to make this possible, or
Violation of the conditions;
Change adjust to acquire,, distribution, translate creating replicate derivative works or, public show sell adaptations act or other use of the website or (with the exception of its content), Website-inhalts where Yelp not has been authorised;
Use Webcrawler, any robots, or other devices, processes or automatic Web-suchmaschinen funds with a view to the website or any access to search, and search, content on websites or index;
Regression all parts of the website;
Remove or change of note to copyright, trademarks or other property rights in parts of the website or on any under this website or copied printed material;
Storing, processing or use of information on other users;
Access access or index of part of the website for the construction or a searchable database of; filling Geschäftsbeiträgen
Reformatieren Neugestalten or any parts of the website;
Carrying out actions that, in our sole discretion, a inappropriate or disproportionate burden for the technical infrastructure of Yelp mean or otherwise excessive to cause; website Zugriffsnachfrage
Attempts unauthorised access to the website, accounts, computer systems or in connection with the website by hacking networks, or otherwise, to obtain Passwort-mining
Use website or on the transfer of computer worms Site-inhalte defective, trojans or other harmful content ("); " any viruses
Use of a unit, a software or a routine, the proper functioning of the website and other tests, the proper functioning is the website in any way to upset.
Benefits of the website to the safety of a to circumvent passwords or to Computernetzwerks crack, the safety of the website Sicherheitsverschlüsselungscodes or to disrupt or to affect this or Site-inhalte in any other way to damage or
Remove deal disable damage or otherwise of the website, impede functions that the functions of use or copying function which prevent or limit and Website-inhalten limit the use of the website.
The above criteria apply only in legally permitted scale.
Vote, this is not going against (yet even in the us, without legally permitted amount) 30 days in advance in writing to inform us about and to provide all the information that we need to offer them adequate alternatives or according to our own discretion to elsewhere.
Directives
Inhaltsrichtlinien
They confirm that they have read and understood our. Inhaltsrichtlinien
Data protection
They confirm that our data protection directive. read and understood
Please note that we information about them to third parties, if we can in good faith that such disclosure is necessary in order to (i) measures relating to alleged illegal activities; (ii) to take our conditions and our data protection directive applies; (iii) or enforce the legal system or other official comply with questions about a warrant, a subpoena, a law, a judicial procedure or other, which we are obliged (or Rechtswegen iv) rights and property of our users, call us, or the public to protect our subsidiary.
Website if they are outside the united states use, do you agree that their data to the united states transferred and processed.
Disputes concerning copyright and trademarks
Directive find copyright infringement in our information on disputes concerning copyright and trademarks.
Events
For further information on on the website, or following events can be found in our Veranstaltungsbedingungen.
They confirm that they conditions read and understood.
YELP and YELP advertising actions
Yelp-aktionsprodukt Geschenkgutschein or if they buy it is. and Yelp-aktionsprodukt- Geschenkgutscheinrichtlinien
Please read it through before the article may be amended, as it occasionally buy.
If Yelp-aktionsprodukt- and a conflict between the, the, and these conditions is Geschenkgutscheinrichtlinien Yelp-aktionsprodukt- and Geschenkgutscheinrichtlinien.
As Yelp-werbungsvereinbarung is the one if you on the side of advertisements or open Geschäftskonto Yelp buy.
If a conflict between the and these conditions, is directly the Yelp-werbungsvereinbarung. Yelp-werbungsvereinbarung
Ideas and suggestions for improvement
By us ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals (" ") send feedback, do you agree that (i) their feedback contains no confidential or proprietary information third (ii) as regards the feedback we no explicit or tacit secrecy are subject to (iii) is a feedback comparable content may already take into account or develop and (iv) we have, not exclusive, irrevocable, free of charge, to the permanent worldwide gültige lizenz feedback to use to change to publish, to distribute and to award and irrevocably to Unterlizenzen friend and his users to claims and claims in such moral rights and not make do without feedback.
DRITTANBIETER
Website can the links to other websites or applications one third " (" website).
Websites third we neither controlled nor recommended.
You will agree that we for the availability or content are not responsible. such websites
The use of websites of third parties shall be at its own risk.
Some available on available services shall be subject to additional information or third party and licensing conditions, where appropriate, including those who set here, Open-source-anbietern and a part of this. by reference conditions
Claims
They agree agreed to parent companies, branches, and his friend subsidiaries and associated companies, suppliers, as well as the senior executives, partners and licensors managers, employees, mediator and their representatives (together " the ") against any assets or claims Yelp-organisationen third, including costs, debt and keep and protect the value, Anwaltskosten them from or to (i) the beziehend access to the site or of their use, (ii) the violation of the terms, (iii) the purchase of products or services which they associated with this side have received or (iv) the of them or third in the use of their account indebted any intellectual property rights violation or other rights of any natural or legal persons is expected.
Yelp reserves the right, at their expense the sole matters of defence and management of all they are subject to take, to claim for compensation and they have agreed to us in our defence against similar demands to support.
They agreed, in any case, without the prior written approval by an agreement on a matter to bring about. friend
Yelp shall take all reasonable efforts they of any claims measures or to notify us that steps as soon as become known.
Disclaimer and -beschränkung
Please read this section carefully, because it is the responsibility of them to recharge. Yelp-organisationen
Following each of these subsections applies only in legally permitted under the applicable law.
Nothing that is any rights-not by the set are restricted in turn mission.
Should ambiguity in this respect, or to another section of this do conditions remain contact with a lawyer before they use website.
Access or by using this website give to understand that they have read and understood these conditions and to agree to them, including this section.
In approving these conditions give substantial legal rights.
Website are available as ", " " with all possible shortcomings and where available, with the express reference " provided that the organisations YELP shall monitor, control or check can not BENUTZERINHALTE.
In terms of the use of the page is at their own discretion and at its own risk.
The Yelp-organisationen not demanding and make no promises about quality, accuracy or reliability of this site, their security or its content.
Yelp-organisationen is therefore not responsible for any loss or damage from, for example the erroneous functioning, or from the website or UNVERFÜGBARKEIT that
From their confidence in the quality, accuracy or reliability of referring to her of evaluations, (including its criticisms, GESCHÄFTSAUFLISTUNGEN content, order and presentation), or the criteria which are to be found on the website and used or on them to be made available, arose.
Yelp-organisationen take no responsibility or guarantee the respect of the behaviour, and for the third on the side of the page. traders or listed advertisers
Yelp-organisationen consequently, they do not fall liable for losses or damages resulting from the acts or omissions by third parties arising, for example, if another user their content or their identity abused or if you have experience with a negative, the trader or have made it on the advertisers side have found.
Their purchase and their use of these products or services proposed by third parties shall be at their discretion, and at its own risk.
The Yelp-organisationen no guarantee, not explicitly or implicitly assume, including guarantees for products or services on the side of traders, and guarantees regarding the tacit listed for a particular purpose or marketability, suitability of rights. NICHTVERLETZUNG
No oral or written information or advice that you a representative of one of the available, are a guarantee is Yelp-organisationen.
If them with the side, or related services are dissatisfied, or any other complaints is their only and justice in the termination and termination of their AUSSCHLIESSLICHES access to the side or use it.
The maximum liability to them for the loss of them Yelp-organisationen and damage in connection with the side or their conditions shall be limited to (i) the amount of them within the last 12 months before the HAFTUNGSANSPRUCH in connection with the side of the Yelp-organisationen was paid (if applicable) or (ii) 100 €, whichever amount is higher.
Yelp-organisationen conclude the liability for (i) indirect damage, and additional, special, or punitive damages, VERTRAUENSSCHÄDEN SCHADENSANSPRUCH NEBENSCHÄDEN, (ii) harmful effects, (iii) business disruption, GEWINNVERLUSTE (iv) (v) information or data loss of reputational damage.
Choice of law and jurisdiction
These conditions shall be subject to right. irish
This also applies to any legal rights, or any dispute arising between them Klageansprüche and may result (" action " a friend), without regard to conflicts between legislation.
You agree that any action by one of the parties is submitted exclusively jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of dublin, ireland's.
Termination
They conditions can denounce.
This you have to do your account, close the use of the page here and set a given. friend Kündigungsmitteilung
Please read our to know what data your account after termination is.
We have the right, your account, with or without giving reasons and without notice or guarantee, to close the use of certain parts of the page to block and / or you exclude from the website.
This could have the effect that they no longer on their account, and the website, their content, and the other related information or website content can access.
In case of termination by them or us remain sections 1, 5, 6 and 10 to 14 of this fully valid, including conditions of use of our right of their content within the meaning of section 5 to use.
General conditions
We reserve the right to the side by our sole discretion, with or without justification and at any time without notice and guarantee to change to update or terminated.
We are entitled to them and they have to send notifications by e-mail, post or changes in the conditions on the side to notify through publications.
Provided for in the above section 10 provides otherwise transferred these conditions any rights or appeal to third parties.
The conditions, the total agreement between them and us concerning the use of page and to replace all previous agreements between them and us have been taken.
The parties recognise that no reference to is not expressly assurances are included in these conditions.
Should friend Miss, right or the determination of the conditions to enforce, this is not as or waiving of such rights or provisions economics.
The failure of a party, a right of these conditions to can not be an absence of further rights this interpretation.
Should provision in these conditions an or considered ineffective if this provision is only as strictly necessary amount, amended that he the intention of the parties or to minimise carried out so that the other conditions of use it does not affect and fully effective forever.
Without our prior written consent, they are not entitled to the conditions and the resulting rights and obligations to leave to transfer or unterzulizenzieren.
We have the right, this without restriction and cede).
Each Abtretungsversuch is a violation of these conditions and, in turn, is dead.
The titles of sections are purely for clarity and have no legal or contractual effect.
United kingdom
Yelp ireland ltd.,
70 sir john rogerson's quay dublin 2, ireland, dublin; ag nr: vat no: cro 484943;
Iu 9753764m;: l. wilson; feedback @ yelp.ie Vertretungsberechtigt tel: + 353 (0;.) 1.4863212
