Conditions
What is this usage conditions?
This overview will they provided a guide through our conditions of use. "
We hope that we are making a good overview could.
Nevertheless, you should complete. the terms of use read
Welcome to youtube
In this section is our relationship with them).
There is a description of the service and contain a definition of our agreement and the indication of their. Dienstanbieters
Who can use the service?
In this section are certain requirements for the use of the service and the categories of users below.
The use of the service
In this section are their rights to use the service and the applicable conditions).
It is also stated that, when we need changes to the service.
Their content and their behaviour
This section applies to users within the framework of the service content;
Here is the extent of the rights defined them through the upload their contents.
Section also includes their consent to the rights of other upload content not hurt.
Blocking and termination of accounts
This section explains how she and youtube loophole. this relationship
Software in our service
This section contains information on the software for the service.
Other legal provisions
This section includes our for you. Leistungsversprechen
Here is also explained that we for some things, not take responsibility.
This agreement
This section contains a number of other important information on our treaty.
Explains how, for example, changes in the conditions of use, or have the laws they are subject.
Conditions
Date: january 2022.
Conditions
Welcome to youtube
Introduction
Thank you very much, that you and the products, services and functions Youtube-plattform that we use them under the platform (in this document as " service ') together provide.
Our services
Service offers the possibility, videos and other content to seek out, to view and parts; a forum for people to interact, worldwide information and inspire each other to, and a to authors and creative content, advertisers Distributionsplattform large and small.
Further information on our products and their use are provided in the Youtube-hilfe.
Including you can on youtube, the kids there and purchases on youtube and payment Youtube-partnerprogramm memberships information.
To read more on the use of content on other devices such as televisions, or even its console her home google
Service providers
Society to service in the european economic area and switzerland provides is google ireland limited, a registered right in ireland and operated company (registration number), based in house, gordon 368047 barrow street, dublin, ireland (4 as ", " " we youtube, " " us " or " our ") / e.
References in this conditions of use determine " related companies " shall refer to the company of the group youtube under § § 15. alphabet,
Aktiengesetz.
Applicable conditions
Their use of the service shall be subject to the conditions of use, this, the general and the youtube Community-richtlinien directives on safety and copyright Youtube-richtlinien (" agreement ') together as.
Our agreement involves also the information on when they or advertising for advertisers Anzeigenrichtlinien sponsorship on the service or in paid advertising in their content.
Please read this agreement carefully and take familiar with the arrangements.
The use of the service requires them to the agreement agree.
Who can use the service?
Minimum age
You can use the service if you at least 16 years old.
Children of all ages can service and youtube (if available), where kids use either or guardians of such use agrees.
Permission from parents or guardians
If you are under 18 years old, you need her parents ' permission or guardians to service to use.
Ask read this agreement together with you.
Erziehungsberechtigter parent or if you are an the use of the service by your child agree, governed by the terms of this agreement and shall be responsible for the activities her child in this service.
Information and resources for parents (incl. information as a child under 16 years the service and youtube kids can use) can be found in the family link and in google. Youtube-hilfe
Companies
Service if you on behalf of a company or an organisation use confirm to us that they have the power to act on behalf of the legal personality and explain for this with the application of this legally binding agreement.
The use of the service
Content in service
Content service include video, audio (e.g. music and other recordings), graphics, text, photos (e.g. comments and), mark (including scripts names, trademarks or commercial), interactive functions, software, logos and other materials together " (readings. content
Users can content under the service set and access.
Youtube Hosting-diensten for this a provider of content.
The contents are subject to the responsibility of the person or legal entities, which within the framework of the service ceases and accessible.
Content when they see this agreement, in your opinion, as, for example, do not comply with against the broken the law may or Community-richtlinien us this report.
Google-konten and channels during
Without Google-konto parts of the service may be available.
For certain functions they need, however, a Google-konto.
Google-konto videos with " can you with a i like " assess its own youtube channel create channels to subscribe to and much more.
Guidance Google-kontos to create a can be found here.
Create when they-they have a youtube channel additional functions would like to use, for instance, to comment on or own Playlists videos to create.
Learn, as your own. youtube channel
Treat them confidential, for your password, please protect. Google-konto
Password for you you should not in uses plugins. Google-konto reuse
You can find more information on how you protected. Google-konto
, Inter alia, learn how it's done should, when the unauthorised use of their password or know. Google-kontos
Your data
Privacy statements in our explains how we on their personal data deal and if they protect their data service benefits.
Youtube-kids-datenschutzerklärung are in the further information on our dealings with the data protection in relation to youtube kids.
We are in the processing in uploaded audio or audiovisual content to the Youtube-auftragsdatenverarbeitungsbedingungen.
Except content, which they must personal or family purposes have uploaded.
Further information.
Ratings and restrictions
In accordance with this agreement and the laws they can on the service in the form made available to them access and use it.
Content you can for their own personal, non-commercial use reputation or hear.
You can also on the show. youtube videos integrierbaren Youtube-player
The use of the service but subject to certain restrictions.
The following shall not be admissible:
Any parts of the service or access to replicate, as well as the content, disseminate, shall be sent to download, to transfer to indicate to sell, and receive, should be amended to adapt or otherwise to use, except for (a) in the way, as defined in the service was approved; or (b) after the prior approval of youtube in writing and, where relevant, by the respective right-holders or (c) in so far as applicable law allowed.
Service or the safety of the service functions to circumvent to disable fraudulent to use or otherwise affect (this also applies in this regard attempts).
It is also not allowed to other functions of the service to circumvent to disable fraudulent to use or otherwise affect (this also applies in this regard attempts), the (a) the copy or alternative use of content or (b) prevent or restrict the use of the service or the content thereof.
With automated processes (e.g. robots, or to the service access) Botnets Scrapern, excluding (a) above in accordance with the public from youtube, (Robots.txt-datei search engines (b) after the prior approval of youtube textual or (c) in so far as applicable law allowed.
Information cover or use, a person could identify (e.g. collecting faces), provided that that person username and does not allow this or that in accordance with section 3 above shall be allowed.
Service use or commercial or other undesirable content unverlangte advertising or unreasonable to spread (spam harassment.
Defective readings of actual with the service to or to Nutzer-interaktionen encourage.
For example, persons or other incentives to pay to the calls, " i like " or " i don't like " assessments of assessments to increase the number of subscribers videos of a canal to increase or otherwise readings to manipulate.
, Complaints, the declaration or, for example by abusing procedures armed groundless, or information. malicious frivolous
Under or using the service, to carry out the events from youtube. do not comply with Wettbewerbsrichtlinien
Service use outside the home, non-commercial use content (for example, a view or consult public screening of video streaming of music) or.
Service to use to (a) to sell it in advertising or sponsorship to or to the service or its content is placed around, unless it complies with the guidelines on advertising on youtube (for example the directives be applied); (b) or Produktplatzierungen advertising or sponsorship on any side of a website or use to sell exclusively from duty, or their content of service content, contains the primary basis for such sales forms (for example, sales of show on a website, in the youtube videos, the only with added value are content).
Reservation
Every right that you in this agreement does not explicitly is granted shall be kept by each right-holders. youtube and
This means, for example, through the use of the service or industrial property rights to any copyright content to which they acquire access.
This also applies in the service used or marks be displayed.
Development, improvement and updating of the service
Youtube changes and improved the service continuously.
Under continuous development of our digital content and services may take adjustments or changes (the whole or part of the service service).
We include, for example, new features or remove, which offer new digital content or services or content or service are obsolete.
Service we can also from the following reasons: change to adjust to new technologies, to adapt to higher or lower Nutzerzahlen, for a given product or service or a specific function and to adapt to major changes in respect of licences or partnerships with third parties; to prevent abuse or damage; to implement legal or administrative requirements, or safety aspects.
Uncommon legally required in particular take (), i.e. updates updates changes that our digital content, services and goods. keep gesetzeskonform
We take these updates to our digital content and services for security reasons before and to ensure that it expected quality standards, such as the under the heading " legal " have standards, with. ensure
Updates serious safety risks, we can address automatically install.
For other updates you can decide for themselves whether they want to build.
Before making a part of the service change or cease, if we carefully the amendments reasonableness their interests as users, their legitimate expectations and the potential impact on them and others.
Parts of the service, we are only, on justified grounds are amended or terminated.
If amend negatively their use of the service or their access impact on you will be within a reasonable time in advance by e-mail to inform.
This e-mail provides a description of changes, the date its implementation as well as an indication that you to end of their contract with us are entitled, if the amendments are more than only slightly negative effects.
Except for urgent cases where the amendments are intended to prevent abuse, or damage to legal requirements to respond or the safety and functioning of the services to ensure.
We give them a further possibility, in accordance with the applicable laws and directives of their content by google to export. Datenexport
Their content and their behaviour
Set content
Youtube channel, they can have if they are in our service upload videos where appropriate.
Do use this content for the company or an artistic activities to promote.
Upload content if you, you must select a service on the content not against this agreement or the law.
For example, of the transmitted by content no intellectual property third (such as copyrighted material) included, unless they have the right to do this by this party received or are otherwise authorised by law to.
They are legally responsible for the content that they transmit on the service (including all available exceptions or barriers of copyright and related rights in the law of the european union provides for).
In automated systems for use, may come to analyse its content violations and abuses as spam, and illegal content to see help. malware
You rights granted
They keep their rights as authors and all existing industrial property rights to their content.
In short, what is theirs, also remains of.
However necessary, youtube and other users of the service described below, certain rights.
Licence to youtube
By set of content at the service of clear youtube and its related companies (including youtube llc, google llc and limited) the worldwide, google commerce, right this content free non-exclusive use (including its hosting, making available, their public reproduction, distribution, modification, each in accordance with the communication, display and moral rights), solely for the purpose of the provision and improvement of the service (including through the use of services) and only to the extent necessary.
Licence to other users
They grant each other users of the service, the worldwide, right under the free non-exclusive service on their content and be able to use this access (including the reproduction, distribution, modification, each in accordance with the communication, display and moral rights), where necessary and by functions of the service is possible.
Duration of the licences
The duration of their takes away until the contents of licences granted as described below are removed.
After removing limits the period of the licences, unless they have the continued use of content according to the distance allowed or the law requires otherwise.
Content if you remove, is under no obligation to youtube, for example, (a), the content of other users under zurückzurufen a restricted used (or of the service Offlinewiedergabe (b) copies to cancel the on legal grounds we have to keep.
Right to monetization
You are the right to their content on youtube service. the monetarisieren
Monetization blend of displays in this, the or within the content or the charge of by the users include. Zugriffsgebühren
This agreement entitled them not to payments.
Payments it under any other agreement between them and youtube (e.g. via the, or super chat) by Youtube-partnerprogramm Kanalmitgliedschaften shall be applicable from 1 june youtube as royalties treated. 2021
Unless required by law, tax relating to those payments. keeps google
Remove its content
You can remove their content at any time.
And they also have the possibility, in removing a copy of its content to produce.
When it is not in those rights that they must necessary conditions content removed.
Removal of content by youtube
If objective and specific reasons to believe it is that their content (1) of this agreement or breach (2), users or third parties could damage our youtube, we reserve the right to such content, fully or partially removed.
We notify immediately on and explain the reason for the measure, and offer them the opportunity to address the breach, or the equivalent to behaviour, unless there are objective and specific reasons to believe that this (a) against laws or a orders or for youtube or our law enforcement authority are related companies would constitute a significant, (b) liability risks an investigation would jeopardise or the integrity or operation of the service would significantly harm or (c) other users, third, youtube and our related companies would significantly harm.
Further information on the report of content and to be found in the Youtube-hilfe on the Richtliniendurchsetzung side to the problem-solving.
There you will find also guidance as to how they appeal may, if they think that content has been removed. mistakenly
Complaint if you take into account their grounds for the complaint and we are looking at our decision again.
Official warnings for breach of the Community-richtlinien
Youtube uses a on against the content to Verwarnungssystem Youtube-community-richtlinien rejected.
Every warning, leading to different restrictions to the final distance their channel of youtube.
A description of the effects of on their channel may be found on the official warnings side for breach of the official warnings Community-richtlinien.
If you believe that a warning has been mentioned here, you may mistakenly complaint.
We consider your position on the complaint and then looking at our decision again.
Should channel for their due to restrictions do another warning, channel to use these restrictions to circumvent.
A breach of this prohibition is a serious breach of this agreement.
Google reserves the right, in this case you to terminate or their access to the Google-konto all or part of the service to block.
Protection of copyright,
Youtube-richtlinien copyright in the information we are available, with whose help have the possibility of their intellectual property rights holders to online.
If they believe that their copyright under the service injured, please contact us.
We respond to reports of suspected in accordance with the procedure in our Youtube-richtlinien for copyright infringement copyright.
There you will find information on a lift too. Urheberrechtsverwarnung
The Youtube-richtlinien see in appropriate cases the denunciation of the access to the service for users, which repeated infringements of copyright.
Blocking and termination of accounts
Termination by you
You can use the service at any time.
You can also delete from their service, leading to the closure of their Google-konto and the removal of their data leads. Youtube-kanals
Here there is the possibility that their data before copying and download.
Termination and blocking by youtube
Youtube reserves the right to you or your access to the entire Google-konto or part of the service to block or to terminate this agreement significantly (a), (b) or repeatedly violate we do have to comply with legal requirements or a judicial decision or (c) it objectively and practical reasons to believe that there is a behavior that is users, third, youtube and our related companies or for damages as a result. the liability claims
Notification of termination or blocking
We will be of the reason for termination or blocking and where this agreement by youtube tell behaviour of termination or blocking is reason verletzendes them opportunity to this violation and remedy, unless there are objective and specific reasons to believe that this (a) laws and orders a public prosecutor would be contrary, (b), (c) an investigation would jeopardise the integrity, operation or the safety of the service serious would affect or (d) other users, third, youtube and our related companies serious harm.
Effects of the closure or termination of an account
Google-konto if you or your access to the service was terminated is restricted, they can certain functions of the service (such as the video) even without account to take.
This agreement is for such use is still valid.
If you believe that the announced to a translation error, termination or blocking you can on this form complaint.
We consider your position on the complaint and then looking at our decision again.
Software in our service
Downloadable software
Where using the downloadable software (for example the service or is youtube studio app) requires granted you a personal, worldwide, youtube usable, non-transferable non-exclusive license and free of charge to use the software, the youtube under the service available to them, provided that such additional software not subject to the conditions grant a licence.
Licence received only with this permission to the service in the youtube to use and enjoy offered form the associated benefits in accordance with this agreement.
You do not have any part of the software to replicate, to change, to disseminate to sell or for rent.
In addition they shall neither this software (reverse engineering) or try to reconstruct its source code to extract.
Exemptions shall apply only if such limitations are inadmissible or they have legally the written consent of youtube,
Open source
Parts software in our service is used, may be as part of an open offered. Source-lizenz
A Source-lizenz may contain provisions which specifically open a number of regulations set aside. this conditions
In such cases, we have these available. open Source-lizenz
Other legal provisions
Legal guarantee
If a in the european economic area (eea) established and our consumers are agreed directly for it in accordance with conditions in the eea a legal guarantee for consumer rights applicable digital content or services we provide them.
Ensure liable under this we, you notice any failure subject to the following conditions:
Providing the deficiency within two years from the single supply of digital content or services (e.g. purchase of a film) party.
Providing the lack at any time during the ongoing " supply of digital content or services (e.g. a paid) stuck. abo
May write the laws of their country's an even longer guarantee.
Their claims from such legal means of are not restricted by other commercial guarantees which we offer.
A claim if you wish, you can contact [us].
Assurance
We operate the service with appropriate care and expertise.
Disclaimer
Legislation writes for certain rights to consumers not yet changed. contract excluded
No part of this agreement, these rights, you touched as consumers are entitled to.
Except this agreement clearly defined or statutory conditions (see section " guarantee ') makes no special legal assurances in relation to the youtube service.
Example there'll be no additional assurances in relation to the service provided on the content, in relation to the specific features of the service or its accuracy, reliability, availability and suitability for their purposes or in relation to this that the transmitted by content in service are accessible or stored.
Limitation of liability
In intent and gross negligence, including the legal representatives and agents, and youtube in accordance with the legal provisions be held liable.
Campaign damage caused the same with the from injury to life, body or health, on the damage caused by the lack of a guaranteed nature caused and in the case of fraud shortcomings. verschwiegener
In by them or their legal representatives or agents easily youtube, factual and liability is negligent caused limited to cases of Vermögensschäden infringement of an essential, but the level after limited to contract obligation in closing, predictable and harm. vertragstypischen
Substantial contractual obligations are those whose performance of a contract in the first place the proper implementation and compliance with the parties to regularly trusted.
Liability after the Produkthaftungsgesetz remain unaffected.
In addition, the liability of them and youtube excluded.
This scheme does not alter the burden of proof to the detriment of users of the service.
Links to third
Links to websites and online services of service may contain and are not from third owned or controlled by youtube are.
Youtube has no influence on such websites and is not responsible. and online access services
Careful please let if they leave service.
We recommend that the conditions of use and privacy statements from third to read all websites and online access services, to visit her.
This agreement
Amendments to this agreement
We reserve the right to make changes to this agreement for the following reasons: (1) for changes of our service or to take into account-for example, our business processes if we add new products or functions or old products or functions-remove; (2) for legal, regulatory or safety reasons; (3) to prevent abuse or damage.
Changes to this agreement when we carry out tell we at least 15 days before the entry into force of amendments in advance.
The information on the changes we put to you the new version of the agreement available and identify them in the major changes there.
If not before, is the revised agreement as contradict amendments accepted.
Widerspruchsprozess we explain in our notification.
The adoption of the amendments they can refuse-in this case the provisions in changes in the relationship with them not apply.
We shall, however, the right to our relationship with them to stop, provided that all the other conditions for termination are met.
Continued agreement
When using the service by it ends, the following conditions of use for them: " this agreement still valid other legal provisions " and " this agreement.
The granted rights in certain cases, the duration of the licences under " described are away.
Severability
If any of the conditions of use in this agreement is unenforceable, bleiben die übrigen usage conditions intact.
Transfer
Youtube can this agreement fully or partially to an affiliated undertaking to or, if sold to a third party youtube.
No surrender
If you are not to honour this agreement, but we do not take action immediately, this does not mean that we entirely to abandon our rights (e.g. on the right, in the future to take action.
Applicable law
If habitual residence in germany, are subject to this agreement and its relationship to youtube under this agreement, excluding the german law Un-kaufrechts.
Trial before their local courts can be made in accordance with the legal provisions are responsible.
This choice is no statement with regard to the law, which applies to the service itself.
Withdrawal in accordance with applicable law in the european economic area (eea)
Consumers if they are in the european economic area (eea) is established, they are according to the applicable consumer rights in the eea from 28 may 2022 entitled to this treaty as described below to revoke. Eu-muster-widerrufsformular
The right of withdrawal
You have the right, within 14 days without giving any reason to withdraw this treaty.
The withdrawal period is 14 days from the date of conclusion.
To the right of withdrawal to have to take us by means of a clear statement (e.g. by mail letter or e-mail) at your decision consigned this treaty to withdraw information.
It can be done by e-mail to @ google.com, by telephone, under the account-withdrawal point + 35 (below you will find a list of 31800832663 national telephone numbers), or by post to google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but is not required.
Muster-widerrufsformular you can or any other on our website also clear statement (/) electronic completion and submission g.co Eeawithdrawalform.
If you use this possibility, we send them for such a withdrawal on a durable medium without delay a receipt, e.g. via e-mail.
To meet the withdrawal, it is sufficient if the communication on the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the end of the Widerrufszeitraums address.
Effects of withdrawal
If this treaty, we must withdraw all payments them we have received from you repay.
It must immediately and at the latest within 14 days from the date on which the shall be notified of its cancellation of this treaty been submitted to us.
These payments shall include the delivery costs (except for the additional costs resulting from that they have a type of delivery other than those of us, have offered). best Standardlieferung selected
Reimbursement shall be made on the same means you have used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly by another method agreed.
In no case be them with such a refund fees calculated.
Model withdrawal form
(If you want the treaty, then please use withdraw in this form and send it back.
_ Google-ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin, ireland, [4]: account-withdrawal @ google.com _
- Hereby give notice that i my contract concluded for the provision of the following service _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Ordered on _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Name of consumer _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Address of the consumer _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Signature of consumer (only in the communication on paper) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
- Date _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Google-kontaktdaten for a withdrawal
Country number
Austria 0800-001-180
Belgium 0800-58-142
Bulgaria 0800-14-744
Czech republic 800-720-070
Cyprus 800-92-492
Croatia 0800-787-086
Denmark 80-400-111
Estonia 800-2643
Finland 0800-520-030
France 0805-98-03-38
Germany 0800-627-0502
Greece 00800-4920-00536
Hungary 06-80-200-148
Island 800-4177
Ireland 1-800-832-663
Italy 800-598-905
Latvia 802-05-391
Liechtenstein 800-566-814
Lithuania 8-800-00-163
Luxembourg 800-40005
Malta 800-62-257
Netherlands 0800-360-0010
Norway 800-620-68
Poland 0800-410-575
Portugal 808-203-430
Romania 0800-672-350
Slovakia 0800-500-932
Slovenia 080-688-882
Spain 0900-906-451
Sweden 020-012-5241
Valid from 5 january 2022 (see previous version)
