Electronic arts
NUTZERVEREINBARUNG
Last updated: 17 may 2018
Welcome in ea.
This agreement provides for access to and use of the software products, such as on a disk by existing or downloaded and its subsidiary Spiel-software ea (ea) offered " and related updates, and upgrades functions and of services offered, functions, content and ea websites to online and and / or by or in Mobilnutzung Live-events (together " connection with ea. Ea-services
This agreement exists between them and the section below. legal person of ea 13b
Click " (or similar) if i agree this conditions.
Should they not agree with conditions, install or use the not. Ea-services
Table of contents
Ea-konto
Licence
Content and ratings
Ea-services and availability of updates
Their (
Codes of conduct
Pc-produkte
Dismissal and other sanctions
Datenverwendung
Other software tools and utilities
Third
Ea's liability
Terms and conditions
Amendments to this agreement
Zusatzbedingungen for playstation ®
Ea-konto.
To access and use of, including by playing online Ea-services. you need a Ea-konto
Ea-konto compiled, is a must have a truthful and complete information and have e-mail.
You need to use the, in which they were registered, Ea-services and be entitled to reside in a country in which the use of the allowed. Ea-services
They must be at least 14 years of age (or the applicable in their home), is a minimum age Ea-konto page.
That each have achieved, but not yet minimum age 18 years of age (in their country of residence or the applicable have not yet reached) should Volljährigkeitsalter parent or the agreement together with you. go Erziehungsberechtigter
Parents and guardians are responsible for the supervision of the activities of children under 18 years in the use of Ea-services.
Ea recommends that parents and guardians to the equipment that you acquaint Kindersicherungsfunktionen left to their children.
They are responsible for all activities by your from is effected. Ea-konto
You Ea-konto can in accordance with section 8 or be terminated if it locked by another person for the purposes of acts is used, the this agreement:
Ea-konto you'll denounce.
Still they can denounce. for a given Ea-service subscription
Ea-konto allowing for their please contact with the customer service of ea at https: / / help.ea.com. / en /
For processing their question can, if allowed by law ea fees or charges and the repayment of third content or collect amounts due require providers
Licence.
Subject to compliance with the provisions of this arrangement granted ea you a personal, non-transferable, time-limited, and not exclusive license to use the widerrufliche to which they have access, Ea-services for their non-commercial use.
Unterlizenzierung access to or the, renting or otherwise award, dissemination of content or ratings as follows (Ea-services defined) is only with the express authorisation by ea or legally allowed. if allowed
The take copies of, or the attempt by the extraction or otherwise Zurückentwicklung or other use of the data is only Quellencodes Ea-services of express authorisation by ea allowed with or where under the law on copyright and related rights permitted.
Ea licensor or its ownership of all other rights have and keep this before, including all rights, property rights and to the and associated Nutzungsansprüche Ea-services intellectual property rights.
Content and ratings.
The Ea-services include content and ratings.
Include software to the content, technology, text,, profiles, widgets, Forumsbeiträge Chatbeiträge news, left, e-mails, music, sound, images, photos, videos, code and any products or other origin under audiovisual of appear on them are due. or Ea-services
Design and appearance is also to the content of our websites. Ea-services
To content are also content (" "). (benutzergenerierte
Ugc Ea-konto-personas, to include, and other content that Forumsbeiträge Profilinhalte contributed by users. the Ea-services
All content is either the property of ea or his, or have been referred to in section 5 below to licensors and their licensor licensed. "
Ratings are rights which you for access or use ea of online or of part. Offline-elemente Ea-services
Include permissions to access to digital content, or with additional or enhanced functions (freischaltbare including); subscriptions; property; virtual Multiplayer-dienste the of keys or codes or Freischaltung Seriencodes points; virtual; Online-authentifizierung In-game-leistungen coins or currencies.
These virtual points, coins or currencies are together as " virtual ' Ea-währung
With receipt of virtual of us or our partners are authorised Ea-währung personal, time-limited, non-transferable but not exclusive, licence to access and to select it consists of ratings, which they specifically to be made available. "
Ea-währung virtual has no cash value, and has no value outside the framework of our products and services.
Ea-währung virtual can't sold, transferred or acted in cash are exchanged; they may only for ratings available to be fulfilled. Ea-services
Virtual Ea-währung is in principle not eligible, and in particular is not used virtual not refunded. Ea-währung
Virtual Ea-währung into a rating as soon as you can not honoured that rating returned, or reimbursed for
For access to and the use of technology and internet connection fees are Ea-services required of them on their costs included.
Ea-services and availability of updates.
We won't guarantee that Ea-services, or on a particular content or ratings at any time, time available everywhere, or that we continue to certain content and ratings for a fixed period offer.
Ea does not guarantee that each device from over a Ea-services certain internet or in all geographical locations are accessible or Netzwerk-provider.
Ea Ea-service, may be content or ratings from time to time without prior notice update, amend or adapt.
Such updates and adjustments may be required further exploitation of Ea-services
Spielverlaufs to balance the and the use of updates or a certain parameters can Ea-services Zurücksetzung by be necessary. "
These updates or can within the relevant game detrimental to Zurücksetzungen you and can be based on figures, games, groups or other under their control ratings.
Their attitudes.
Ugc they are for their responsibility.
Ugc upload, which they do not copyright legislation, this agreement or of third parties or third hurt. starfleet or Öffentlichkeitsrechte
Ea ugc may in, regardless of the reason for discretion, remove, edit or disable, including provided in this agreement of ea reasonable ugc discretion hurt.
Ea assumes no liability or liability for, for its removal, for the ugc of distance or for other refrain from content.
Ugc are not in advance of review and to be available (ea of ea not approved Ea-services or approved.
Providing give and his and ugc ea a not exclusive, indefinite licensors licensees, transferable, worldwide license to use reception, storage, unterlizenzierbare, reproduction, adaptation, establishment of derivative works, public performance, public exhibition or other transmission and transfer of ugc or parts of it in any way, shape and in all already known or will developed medium or without notice, pay or benefit forum on it or of any kind to third parties.
They continue to grant on a all other users to access and use their Ea-service ugc can the right to their or via the respective on the ugc without notice, or to grant compensation Ea-service to use it to copy, to adapt, derived works to draw up and specify other transmission and to spread.
Codes of conduct.
With access to or use of Ea-services you will agree,
Not laws, rules and regulations to be.
Ea-services or to support or provision of servers used or not to disturb Ea-services networks to interrupt or, including picks or cracking of Ea-services.
No software or programmes to use by a computer or ownership or Ea-service another person, damage (e.g., interrupt or make spamming, picks or uploading Denial-of-service-angriffe computer, trojans, worms, spyware, files and damaged Cancelbots time bombs.
No other player in the use of to bother to interrupt or. Ea-services
Included is the interruption of normal, or within a chat Spielverlaufs dialogues for example by vulgar language, or harassing Ea-service abusive behaviour, excessive crying (in capital letters), everything, Flooding or pressing enter Spammen several times.
Another player to trouble to insult, to threaten embarrassed to bring him or elsewhere in way, e.g. him repeatedly adverse to send out spam messages or attack him personally rude to his origin, sexual orientation, religion, etc., to say something.
Hassbekundungen will not be tolerated.
No ugc or groups or activities, to contribute to organise or to such guilds to participate, which inappropriate, offensive,,,, disparaging do belästigend offensive, obscene, vulgar, dirty, or damaging or sexually explicit defamatory privacy other hurt or otherwise, for good reason should be rejected.
Ugc or not to publish content to post, or to spread, which are illegal upload or for the free distribution they are not authorised.
Content such as an issue, a name, a screen, a persona, or other materials or avatar information about which (in his ea sound and objective discretion) decides that this inappropriate offensive,,,,, disgusting belästigend people threatening me libellous, abusive, privacy, obscene, freely damaging, vulgar, offensive, obscene or damaging to publish, unlawful to announce, up to load or to spread.
Information only for the purposes of personal communications items.
Not allowed to include spam, advertising, communications, and other forms of Kettenbriefe Schneeballsysteme offered or commercial activities.
Not for others to or wrongly suggest that an employee or representatives of ea.
Kundendienst- Beschwerde-button or not in the game to use or inadequately reports to pass on. wrong Ea-mitarbeiter
Not trying to passwords, or other personal information of another Kontoinformationen used person to reach. Ea-services
Not robots, spider or other automatic means or to processes, equal for what purpose, access to that website or material the site copy.
Unauthorized software or not to use or distribute tools, such as " car ", " ", " -softwareprogramme macro -softwareprogramme utility cheat or applications, exploits, Cheats -softwareprogramme or other, amending or fraudulent software or Hacking- tools.
No files or other parts of the changing to the changes they Ea-service not expressly authorised. "
Exploits Cheats, jury, no functions, or problems in one to use Designfehler Ea-service.
No counterfeit or falsified, including software, virtual Ea-inhalte Ea-währung use or distribute.
Trying not to, or via a service to use on Ea-service, not controlled or authorised. "
You Ea-konto, any access to, or any related with their Ea-konto Ea-services, including Ea-inhalte and other allowances, without prejudice to whether virtual Ea-währung within one or on a website, or strangers Ea-services in connection with a transaction outside the framework of the game, not to sell, buy, exchange or otherwise, to transfer or to transfer, except that this offer has been expressly permitted. "
A Ea-service not in a country to use, the ea offering such services under current Ausfuhrkontrollgesetze is not allowed.
Not their own names to be used, provided that a drawing up a user name " or " Ea-service " persona, which requires a / r you in play and online and not occur or to use the already username personas of another person to be used or the ea as vulgar or insulting or considered covering the rights to another person hurt.
Not other, to operate the peaceful, fair and respectful of significantly bothers. Spielumgebung Ea-services
In Ea-services any (for example in) high scores for purposes not publicly available Nutzerinformationen which are not linked with the corresponding service, including the test, such users in the real world to identify.
The aforementioned acts do not to promote not prohibited them to encourage and not allowed to participate.
Should you or any other person whom you used to infringe these regulations, Ea-konto and this violation after receiving a warning also remedy is not entitled to ea to take action against them, inter alia, access rights to certain or all of the content, or revoke or ratings Ea-services you, as described in section 8 Ea-konto to resign.
For serious infringements is entitled to take those measures, ea also without prior warning.
Examples egregious violations include, but not in here; to promote, support or operate hacking without the consent of ea or to sell (including Ea-konten -berechtigungen virtual), and articles currencies or harassment, illegal activities extreme to make it.
Where possible, they have on the basis of ea violations of these rules or this agreement measures taken out.
Certain Ea-services, additional which they have to follow rules of conduct show.
Users if they notice, which is not to these rules, inform ea by submitting in the respective please functions " help " or " Ea-service abuse reported, if available, the use or in customer service / de / contact help.ea.com.
Remember that your news and you are in a public and ugc Ea-service other terms.
Their Ea-services is subject to the use of data protection and of ea (available at Cookie-richtlinie https: / / / / / us / tos.ea.com legalapp de / pc / WEBPRIVACY).
Pc-produkte.
This section applies to play on a personal computer for the Ea-services (" "). Ea-pc-produkte
To access and use of Ea-services in connection with a they must first of all with the Ea-pc-produkt register their Ea-pc-produkt accompanied by Seriencode.
Technological protection measures and Kopierschutzmechanismen
Ea used certain technical protection measures and protection against piracy and Kopierschutzmechanismen reproduction or unauthorised use of Ea-pc-produkten.
Ea-pc-produkte Origin-online-aktivierung and, where appropriate, the use of sony dadc austria ag Denuvo Kopierschutztechnologie.
Which Denuvo play is used, you can at https: / / / / legal realise. www.ea.com de-de
Internet connection, a, including the adoption of this agreement and Ea-konto of data protection and of ea (available at Cookie-richtlinie https: / / / / / us / tos.ea.com legalapp de / pc / WEBPRIVACY), the installation of the origin of (https: / / client application / about /), the www.origin.com de-de acceptance of the origin of this agreement, and eula review of the and the review of their minimum age of Seriencodes Ea-pc-produkts, the launch of the first on a single device for authentication of the Ea-pc-produkts Ea-pc-produkts and to review their licence (" " or " authentication. authenticated
A Seriencode can only for a you wish to authenticate, i.e. the Ea-konto Ea-pc-produkt shall not be transferable.
Ea is entitled to have their licence on a subsequent Online-authentifizierung shall be reverified.
The Ea-pc-produkt can in principle on a number of unlimited, authenticated devices within a period of 24 hours, the but no more than five individual equipment launched Ea-pc-produkt or from there use it.
Such technological protection measures when they are trying to circumvent to disable or otherwise to manipulate, does it work may no longer and it is a Ea-pc-produkt significant breach of this agreement.
Seriencode store your right it may be for the installation of the equipment needed. on other Ea-pc-service
This technology might in certain applications shall, for example, in conflict, who was to Debuggern circumvention of the access restrictions can be used.
Monitoring
Ea used certain technologies to identify and prevent the associated with the use of Cheatens Ea-pc-produkten.
These are described below.
Which technology for a is used, you can under Ea-pc-produkt https: / / / / legal reference. www.ea.com de-de
Punkbuster.
Ea used, where appropriate, by even balance, inc. Anti-cheat-technologie Punkbuster you have the opportunity, during the installation of a Ea-pc-produkts to install Punkbuster.
Punkbuster if you have installed and online with a link used reviewed the Gameserver Punkbuster your computer to simultaneously with the ram Punkbuster the unauthorised and on amendments to the current Ea-pc-produkt Drittprogramme files of enabling or facilitating the Cheatens Ea-pc-produkts.
Unauthorised Drittprogramme are or (e.g. " " Drittprogramme Drittdateien, ", " " addon mod, " " coach " or " hack "), of which cheat ea believes that it (i) Cheaten every kind allow or facilitate; (ii) allow users, playing field and / or in a not Spielumgebung gaming experience by society or picks ea approved; or (iii) information from or through the game, data mining or otherwise allow intercept collect information.
Uninstall Ea-pc-produkt if it is on your computer. Punkbuster
To Punkbuster to please uninstall executable at https: / / www.evenbalance.com / downloads /. / from pbsvc pbsvc.exe
Anti-cheat-technologien of ea.
Ea Anti-cheat-technologien used, where appropriate, its own.
When they are online with a link to these technologies and activated Gameserver check with the their game related and the ram Ea-pc-produkt. your computer Spieledateien
These technologies cover, along with the current Ea-pc-produkt Cheating and changes in the files of the unauthorised Drittprogramme to enable or facilitate on Cheatings Ea-pc-produkts.
Anti-cheat-technologie where one, we are entitled to some opens up to collect relevant information, including you, details of an account and amend the Ea-pc-produkts Unautorisiertes Drittprogramm detected and time and date of detection.
If we find that they have, we are also entitled to gecheatet your license and you referred to in section 8 to terminate. Ea-konto
If your connection to the end, the disabled. Gameserver Anti-cheat-technologien
Removal
Ea-pc-produkte may at any time in the game configuration. in Origin-client deinstalliert
After removal, certain local files stored on your computer remain.
Manually delete these files can be by in on your pc or on the folder documents on her mac after the games name are finder.
8 dismissal and other sanctions
This agreement shall remain in force until it by themselves or by ea is terminated.
Ea can their access to and their use of, or their terminate if ea Ea-services Ea-kontos finds that they have violated this agreement or that an illegitimate, or fraudulent use of otherwise unauthorised came in contact with their Ea-services Ea-konto.
Where possible, it shall inform ea on the early termination.
Termination of the loss of their user name and its can Ea-kontos persona follow.
You should have more than one is entitled to Ea-konto ea depending on the type of injury or of abuse, and all their associated ratings to terminate all Ea-konten.
Their Ea-kontos you in case of termination not access to your or ratings and can, new Ea-konto access to or from the further use of closed. Ea-services
Termination closes your license with the under this memorandum.
Termination instead of and prior to any denunciation may they, their access to reprimand ea a certain or suspend or adjust their Ea-service Ea-konto at the level of ratings or instrument, withdraw or revoke Ea-kontos content that against this agreement, or delete, or remove are your device or your system access to certain lock. Ea-services
Ea if the measures mentioned in this section, you have not entitled to a refund (legal) and are subject to them no ratings Rückerstattungsrechte or in cash, or other forms exchanged credited.
Ea may at any time of 30 days with a Ea-service Mitteilungsfrist by e-mail (if available), either within the relevant or on the website of the Ea-service Service-update-seite (ea https: / / / / service-updates) discontinued. www.ea.com de-de
After termination of a Online-service do not receive for our games, we can and software updates, not guarantee that our continued to download on (or Mobile-spiele icloud) available. other cloud services
All icloud by games are available after termination of a may without prior notice from the icloud Online-service away.
Adoption where they are that measures against its account or device mistakenly were made, please contact the customer service under / de / help.ea.com.
Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 this agreement shall apply, on the duration of this agreement.
Datenverwendung.
Ea-service if you have any use data from your computer or device ea can collect and store, including information on your computer or device you and you (e.g., operating system and information about your ip address Geräte-id use of, their game, and Ea-services and peripheral equipment (for example Nutzungsstatistiken Systeminteraktionen her to protect a randomly generated Spielstatistiken can ea identification number in their place. chain equipment
Zurücksetzung in their equipment, this identification number away.)
Offline Ea-service if you have any use these data on their device and when to ea store your device with an internet connection.
Ea shall use this information to software and services to improve services for them to provide and to communicate with them (also) for marketing purposes,, content and served to provide software support software updates Dynamically, to correct certain errors or otherwise improve their gaming experience.
Unless they take, can also ea online services statistical data on the results (including results and benefits the) collect, use, transfer and save publicly identify show or content of them creates and with other players to be divided.
Ea their data in the united states in accordance with the inc., data protection and of ea (available at Cookie-richtlinie https: / / / / / us / tos.ea.com legalapp de / pc / WEBPRIVACY) collected, used, stored and disseminated.
10 further software tools and utilities
Ea-services can ask you or allow them, software, or other tools and utilities, patches software updates of or their on your computer, ea licensors you or your device. download Entertainment-system
These technologies can distinguish between the different platforms and the performance of the can, depending on your computer and Ea-services their further technology are subject to fluctuations.
They know that certain of these technologies for the continued use of updates Ea-services may be required.
Updates may contain some of these functions or content for which they blocked an additional fee have to pay for access.
Updates installed, it may be available, including more Ea-pc-produkte Ea-services played.
Third.
Some Ea-services them the option of rooms, where appropriate, to play, not on servers owned by, or of ea control. "
These services are not of ea monitored and is not responsible for their use of ea on or about such services. Ea-services
Such services or derogations and third parties may further restrictions.
Ea-services hyperlinks may include third on websites.
It is possible that these websites data from them collected or personal information from them to find out like.
Ea controls such websites and is not for their content or not for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information by you responsible.
Ea's liability.
Iu liability of ea, alike what legal reason, whether from the violation of contractual obligations or of offence, shall be governed solely by the following: as far as the rules for which the ea Ea-services is available free of charge, Haftungsfall shall be liable only for intention and gross negligence. "
Paid Ea-services is in the liability of except in cases of violation of ea body with life or health of intention and gross negligence limited.
In such cases is unlimited. ea
Easier negligence liable in cases but only for its reprehensible ea violation of fundamental, such as contractual obligations or impossibility of performance delay liability in the event of injury is limited to an essential Vertragspflicht damage in the typical treaty in conclusion of this because of the facts ea was predictable. "
Essential contractual obligations ' referred to in this clause are those obligations, the fulfilment of essential for the performance of the contract and on the fulfilment of they can rely.
Ea shall not be liable for not indebted disorders ea network.
Ea liable in accordance with the above rules only to a loss of data, if such with appropriate precautionary measures on the part of the loss of data users could have been avoided.
Above liability limits do not apply in the case of the acquisition of a guarantee by, in the case of violation of ea body with life or health, as well as in the case divergent legal rules.
Terms and conditions.
Total contract
This agreement, together with all other, their use of Ea-services Ea-bedingungen rules constitutes the total agreement between them and ea.
An omission of ea, a right from this agreement to is not a renunciation of the right or any other law.
If part of this treaty unenforceable as unto him, then all the other parts of the contract remain fully in force and effect.
Applicable law
If you in the eea, in switzerland, in brazil, hong kong, mexico and russia (i) life, is this agreement between them and the swiss sarl, ea geneva under the number registered company registry Ch-660-2328005-8 place du 8 business address, geneva, switzerland; (Molard 1204 (ii) shall be subject to this agreement and its use of the laws of their country of residence; and (Ea-services (iii) shall be subject to all claims or legal proceedings from or in connection with this agreement or in accordance with the laws of their country of Ea-services competent courts.
The european commission is a platform for online dispute resolution (odr platform) ready.
They reach this at https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr. please note that ea / is not required, for a dispute settlement procedure before a, only in Verbraucherschlichtungsstelle decided.
If you live in the republic of korea (i) is this agreement between them and ea, one in the geneva sarl swiss under the number registered company registry Ch-660-2328005-8 8 place du Molard, 1204 business address; (ii) shall be subject to geneva, switzerland this agreement and its use of the laws of korea, excluding the Ea-services korean; and (iii) if they Kollisionsrechts explicitly to that for all claims or judicial proceedings of or in connection with this agreement or only the courts have jurisdiction. Ea-services korea
If them in the united states, canada or japan life, (i) there is this agreement between them and electronic arts, inc., 209 redwood shores parkway, redwood city, ca, usa; (ii) shall be subject to 94065 this agreement and its use of the laws of the state of california, excluding Ea-services the california; and (iii) if they Kollisionsrechts explicitly that for claims and disputes, which are not of the following, for all claims or legal proceedings shall be subject to arbitration agreement of or in connection with this agreement or Ea-services in san mateo county, california, only the federal, state or competent courts have jurisdiction and power over them explicitly personal case-law those dishes.
If you live in another country (i) is this agreement between them and ea, one in the geneva swiss sarl under the number registered company registry Ch-660-2328005-8 place du 8 business address, geneva, switzerland; (Molard 1204 (ii) this agreement and its use of Ea-services are subject to the laws of the state of california, excluding the california; and (iii) if they Kollisionsrechts explicitly that claims and disputes, which are not of the following, for all claims or legal proceedings shall be subject to arbitration agreement of or in connection with this agreement or Ea-services in san mateo county, california, only the federal, state or competent courts have jurisdiction and power over them explicitly personal case-law those dishes.
The un convention on contracts for the international (vienna, 1980) commodity purchase shall not apply to this agreement or to disputes arising from or in connection with this agreement.
Export
You agree that the united states and other countries relevant Ausfuhrkontrollgesetze follow and agree a not a foreigner or a foreign Ea-service country to transfer if this according to the relevant laws is prohibited.
They confirm that they do not continue to person, which may not do business in accordance with those ea Ausfuhrkontrollgesetzen.
14 amendments to this agreement
Ea can this agreement from time to time change, you see so please regularly.
Ea-spieler, a version of this agreement shall be adopted before making any changes at least 30 days before the planned entry into force of the new version by e-mail (if available) of any changes planned this agreement informed.
The revisions shall be also under / provided. de terms.ea.com
If it is not within 30 days after receipt of this object shall be considered as e-mail acceptance of the agreement.
Ea-services with the further use of the amendments to take.
If we ask you, significant changes to such agreement and adopt you object to this, it may be forced to this agreement with you ea to terminate, so that they can not. provided Ea-services weiterverwenden
E-mail in with the revised agreement they informed on the period, ea their right to 30-tägige rejection of the agreement and the consequences, if they are not to.
15 Zusatzbedingungen for playstation ®
Playstation store in north america for purchases during ™
Purchase and use of articles are subject to the conditions and Endbenutzervereinbarung of network.
Online-service for that they were by sony interactive entertainment america a granted. Unterlizenz
Playstation store in europe for purchases in ™
All content in acquired by sony bought In-game-shops interactive entertainment network europe limited (" ") and are subject to the conditions of use SIENE acquired and the playstation network operating on of Endbenutzervereinbarung ™ ™ can be consulted. playstation store
We recommend that the rights of use for each product to review, since they are acquired from case to case market.
Unless otherwise specified, shall apply to all content in available for the same as for In-game-shops the corresponding game.
