These conditions were published on 20 january 2016 and are effective for all new users of the data from below. under Armour-dienste
Other important clues about the provisions:
For users in the eea in terms and conditions are additional notes " are presented. " country
Users eea use one or more of the following sources, please was an oral question to delete your account, for the access to data and deletion of data similar. all data requests
Reading
Users from indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, singapore and thailand, please click here for and country-specific websites. Sprachoptionen
Reading
For users in turkey, our website http: / / a separate distribution partners www.underarmour.com.tr.
Reading
For users in japan is our japanese website http: / / distribution partners a separate www.underarmour.co.jp.
Reading
Conditions
Earlier versions under armour terms pdf download 2016
Date: 20 may 2018
Welcome to under armour.
We look forward, innovative products and services to draw up to people all over the world, and we are happy to support them in our team.
Rules-this, the conditions of use they serve to a positive, law-abiding community for our created. users
By Armours under products and services using all of the following conditions to vote.
Under armour, inc. and under armour and their subsidiaries and europe b. v. subsidiaries, including ua connected, llc (in the " fitness, " " we under armour " or " us "), offer different products and services, including websites and apps of the trade mark under armour for fitness and wellness (" " etc.), Wearables, Mapmyfitness devices and other hardware and content; our (" under armour and E-commerce-websites -apps ") and shopping all other current and future product and that we digital Serviceangebote provide including all and in cooperation with the content, Produktdienstleistungen our partners are provided (together " the services.
These conditions include a binding arbitration and waiving of collective redress in paragraph 15. this provision subject their rights to settle disputes with under armour and they should examine them carefully.
In its decision to establish a account, access and to use the services (regardless of whether they an account with us, you accept these conditions and our set up) which form part of these conditions is data protection directive.
If you are a part of this do not agree, do our conditions services benefits.
Please note that the access to or the use of our services their personal data (such as this term is defined in the data protection directive) and content (as defined below), nutzergenerierten in a part of the services enter, also within and his services under armour can be passed on.
Please refer to the summaries in grey box at the top of most the terms are easier to understand.
In case of conflict between a summary and a section of the conditions apply the conditions.
We can at any time, if you ask about our contact or suggesting Support-team.
1 use of services and to your account
1.1 who can under armour services?
Under armour's users of any age, but they must welcome for the use of most of the services of at least 13 years old and at least 18 in order to use under armour shopping.
They must be aged 18 to be under armour to use in the section " shopping (if international, " on certain conditions, otherwise stated) directly jurisdictions.
If between 13 and 18 years old, do our other services (except under armour) only under the supervision and with the shopping support one or guardians benefit.
No person in these, the services, under armour Mindestaltersgrenzen personal data provide or otherwise personal data on services enter (e.g. name, address, telephone number or e-mail address).
1.2 your account
Under-armour-konto establish you may need a to services access, and it is important that with your account information related are accurate and up-to-date (especially your email address-if you should forget your password is a functioning e-mail often the only way for us to verify their identity and to help them with their new notification).
They must be may for a to certain services access Under-armour-konto login or to use it.
Through your account received you may automatic access to new services and new services have the possibility to use.
If they account for one of our services set up all the information in the must establishing and during the registration procedure required of them are true, complete and is currently.
Otherwise all our services may not be fully and we can not send them important communications.
They are responsible for ensuring that all activities that take place, while your account use, and they must remain confidential any actual or suspected Support-team immediately our case of loss, theft or unauthorised use of their account or their reported. Kontopassworts
We are not responsible for any damage caused by an unauthorised use of their or password emerge. Nutzernamens
In residence in the european union: you have the right, its account with us by contacting the support team be deleted.
If they are to decide, the permanent deletion account of personal data, with your account behind closed-door connected also deleted.
1.3 Dienstleistungs-updates, amendments and restrictions
Our services developing themselves.
As we always new products, services and features, we must be flexible and introduce changes, impose restrictions on certain services and occasionally suspend or terminate.
Our services update, lead that you may not work properly, if they are not install updates.
Services change often and their form and can change without prior warning. functionality
Updates we can (including automatic updates) for certain services at their own discretion;
Includes upgrades, modifications, and other patches, bugfixes Bug-fixes and / or new features (together). " " updates
Certain sections of our services may not be fully functioning, if they do not all install updates.
They acknowledge and agree that the service may not function properly if such updates and not allow not explicitly with automatic updates agree.
They also state agreed that the conditions (and any other variations to the terms) for all the services apply. updates
We can some or all services, especially the availability of products, features, databases and special content, suspend or cancel at any time change.
We are also not be obliged to provide updates or certain features or functions of a service or to continue to enable.
We can also introduce restrictions for certain services or them access to all or part of the services without prior notice or liability.
1.4 monitor and suspension of services
We reserve the right to refuse the provision of the service, and can you account or access to services at any time monitor end or block.
We reserve the right, without, however, obliged to be accounts and / or activities, on the services to be carried out or in any way connected with the services (including in a community or a group of invitation Mitnutzers), as well as the use of or access to personal data and profiles of other users to monitor.
Your account or we can access to certain services in the following circumstances also disable lock or provisionally set at any time: (1) if we find that in our sole discretion to such conditions or the purpose of the same (as the show) or breach, breach Community-leitlinien (2) if we find that in our sole discretion taking a risk, or a possible legal consequence for under armour, the public, a third party or any other users have produced (3) of our service in response to questions of law enforcement authority or other public body, (4) after discontinuation or significant modification of a service, or (5) due to unexpected technical difficulties or problems.
We will try you in such a deactivation, termination or suspension by e-mail or next to your account to notify. Zugriffsversuch
1.5 security
Please come immediately, if you believe that its account was or is threatened. minced
We have the safety of our users important.
We try so, the safety of their personal data, the content and its account, can ensure nutzergenerierten but not guarantee that any person can not use our security.
Contact any actual or suspected infringement or in use on your account. our unauthorised Support-team
Account.
Ownership of the content and use of content.
2.1.
Content is what on your screen appears when our services.
User-generated content is content that you or other users are to be compiled and are any other content. Ua-inhalte
For the purposes of these conditions (i), the term " content ' means any information, data and all creative expressions and shall in particular include video, audio, photographs, paintings, provided illustrations, animation, tools, texts, ideas, communications, ", " comments, responses, likes software, scripts, executables, graphs, maps, routes, and biometric data, spatial information, Workouts and Workout-daten derived from data elements,,,,, nutritional information notes Trainingspläne Schlafaktivität recipes, copyright, designs, interactive features, trademark, logos and similar assets, Markenkonzepte service marks, patents, voice, apps and intellectual property to all on or on services generated provided or otherwise may be made available; (ii) the term " user-generated content ' stands for all content that a user to or through the use of services sent or otherwise transfers; and (iii) " available " ' includes any content that Ua-inhalte content. no nutzergenerierten
2.2 ownership
They include the content you create, and we are the content we produce.
All Ua-inhalte and all copyright, rights to mark, laws which patents and other intellectual property rights (or not) to the services whether registered and are under armour and / or their Ua-inhalten partners or the respective third.
Each user retains the ownership, the responsibility and / or other relevant rights to the content, but he has produced a licence for granted nutzergenerierten this content, as in nutzergenerierten under armour section 2.5 below).
Under armour and / or its partner or retain the property, the responsibility for third parties and / or other relevant rights at all. Ua-inhalten
Unless the conditions are not expressly provided otherwise, is not a right or them by a license to use of, including the content that Ua-inhalte our partners or other third parties are or controlled by them, shall be granted.
You agree that on the services offered material not to publish, to replicate, to spread to modify or derived works to create, unless explicitly in writing of under armour is authorised.
2.3 our license to you
You're welcome to our services and access and use them. Ua-inhalte
We urge, users of a particular experience to offer.
We therefore ask you, our intellectual property rights and to respect our services only to certain therefor and Ua-inhalte way to use.
This includes a that or services without our consent for not Ua-inhalte commercial purposes may be used.
Apis we have some and other tools which they can use to their own apps and products.
Contact us, to learn more about.
Subject compliance with these conditions it we extend them the limited, personal, non-transferable and widerrufliche exclusive right and licences for access to the services and the and their use for their own personal Ua-inhalte, non-commercial purposes, provided that they do not copy, or the services Ua-inhalte modify, derived works, they produce, sell dismissed, cutting, a third party over to grant a unterlizenzieren, they transferred or otherwise make commercial use.
2.4 allowed Nutzungsrichtlinien
2.4.1 Ua-inhalte.
Unless in accordance with applicable law does not expressly allows or authorised, under armour undertake to services, software services, or as part of the Ua-inhalte services are offered, (except user-generated content not total or in part, for rent, to modify, to give lease to sell, disseminate or hop to produce works.
Ua-inhalte download and they must not copy or save, but (i) as far as the functions of certain services (e.g. printed maps), as explicitly permit the specific guidelines and / or additional conditions to those services that are provided for, or (ii) exclusively for personal use or for their documents.
2.4.2 commercial use of the services.
Services, with the exception of certain products and services via the websites of the brand under armour and which we, as tools for certain widgets provide provided Website-eigentümer (together " the commercial ") for their personal, only tools non-commercial use.
Do services (with the exception of certain tools) to not use a commercial product or service to sell the number of visitors on their own website or the website of a third party for commercial purposes to increase, as for publicity purposes, or otherwise to revenue to achieve this.
For example, of the results of a search of the services and use them and show our new format or on its website reflect. or web Ergebnisseiten
Also, they may not " " with our services perform. Meta-suche
Services if they are to other species other than on the commercial tools would be before they make commercial use of an agreement with meet.
More information on the commercial tools can be found in our Entwickler-portal.
By commercial tools, recognise and accept the use conditions and any additional terms and conditions for the selected services.
2.4.3 link to the services.
If on their website or app in her a link to follow our services want to insert the following rules: (i) a link to the services should be added to the plain text clearly with the words " under armour " is marked (without the use of other trademark, logos, or other mental, Urheberrechtshinweise under armour or are Eigentumswerte under armour) or an alternative format has controlled by under armour is determined, (ii) the appearance, the position and other aspects of the left can not harm associated with our brands or weaknesses, (commercial value (iii) the link must be on the services and not to other sides Root-domainnamen within the services ' point (iv) the appearance, the position and other properties of the left must not wrong to pretend that their organisation or their companies or under armour sponsored with associated (v) under armour if he is selected, the link the service across the screen and not in a " framework '
2.5 your license to us
When pressing in relation to the services published, they're yours, nevertheless give us leave, the content in connection with our services benefits and other content to make available.
Its content we can at any time from every reason edit or remove from our services.
Publish no content that they do not belong or for their publication you no are justified.
Under armour if they provide services on the user-generated content give under armour and our users do not exclusive, irrevocable, freely transferable, exempted worldwide current legislation and the licence unterlizenzierbare, the content in relation to all services to nutzergenerierten use to, to save, to hosten multiplying, to publish zwischenzuspeichern (public or otherwise) display (public or otherwise) is present, to spread, to transmit to modify, adapt (in particular, to enable them to the requirements of any equipment, services or networks, on which the services to adapt media available), derived works to develop and commercialise them otherwise recovered.
They acknowledge and agree that: (a) we are entitled, the publication of content that we want to organise nutzergenerierten; (b) under armour is not required for the use of the name, but their content nutzergenerierten under armour for the attribution if decides to determine the size and placement of attribution by our sole discretion; and (c) they associated with the use of their content to any compensation or other nutzergenerierten payment of us are justified.
Rights in this licence to apply for the purpose of that armour alone services according to their activities and other users of the use of functionality services allow improve the service and new services can develop.
Notwithstanding the above, we will be their content is not in a way, use nutzergenerierten with which they set up within our services Datenschutzeinstellungen, are incompatible.
Datenschutzeinstellungen information to manage their for services get the data protection directive.
We reserve the right to user-generated content from any cause and to be monitored constantly, to remove or to modify, in particular, of which we approve user-generated content that it against these conditions, which our directives and / or expelled. Community-leitlinien
You agree, the intellectual property rights other to respect.
Saying and guarantee that they have rights to all necessary under armour licence for all of them the above in relation to the services submitted to grant and we are content nutzergenerierten for any breach of this assurance and ensure value.
2.6 friends tell
If the personal data to another person share with us, you must first their permission.
We hope that our services and are pleased when they enjoy their enthusiasm and their friends share.
If they are in our services to features a friend of a friend of our services to report /, you will be following the email address or the profile of your friend / her friend in social media issues.
These items are we may then be used to your friend / her friend on the services to contact.
We information they provide us, for a time, but we will save this information is not published.
Saying and guarantee that they have all that you have as a recommendation third contact information available, transfer, and that they us for any breach of this assurance and ensure value.
2.7 withholding content
Please remember that if you have any publish on the internet, it is practically impossible in the future all copies to be removed.
, Following the dissolution of their account or if you are from the user-generated content services, we can remove their content for a reasonable period for nutzergenerierten commercially, or how it or checking purposes Backup- Archivierungs- otherwise in accordance with the law or authorised to keep.
Can also under armour and our users content that otherwise nutzergenerierten stored or on services published keep continue to use, memories, show, publish modify derived, replicate, and create works show. "
Note, that the above licence for their content, even if it persists nutzergenerierten services no longer enjoy.
Publicly items if you do, others can comment on it and its contents to a part of a social make conversation.
For further information you in our data protection directive.
2.8 user-generated content and eligibility for certain sports organisations
Online what happens in the real world effects can.
Certain sports organisations have rules amateur athletes and for which they may be in breach, conditions for participation if they services user-generated content, even if these items in their view, not of a commercial nature.
It is their responsibility to decide whether the item of such content in the services affecting their eligibility in a sporting event in accordance with any rules applicable. a sports organization
2.9 their feedback
We appreciate your feedback and can freely use their proposals under armour and to support users worldwide.
Thank you.
Tell us their ideas to continue to.
Use our website for the submission of comments, ideas or ideas, for us, in that they are feedback sent to agree that we submitted by them ideas without restriction or compensation can use free.
Adopting its ideas does not mean that under armour of any rights to use of similar or related feedback, the revenue was already known, under armour our staff was developed or from other sources, apart from them is.
Assure you and confirm that the information or which the feedback us on services, any confidential or proprietary information order.
Community-leitlinien.
3.1 interactive areas
Our services include common. community features
If pressing on this item, they may be published features content.
Our Community-features monitor do so but not always, and ultimately they are for their interactions with other users responsible.
Do so a common sense and fair play.
Discussion reviews, some of our services can, or other areas or interactive, blogs Gesprächsseiten social features with which they contain and other users can interact user-generated content items and (" interactive "). areas
You alone are for the use of the interactive areas and for which they post responsible user-generated content, in particular for transmission, accuracy and completeness of nutzergenerierten content.
Interactive publicly, since the areas often are you aware that their content, to be published and publicly can remain nutzergenerierten.
They should therefore not personal data in an interactive field post.
We are entitled, but have no obligation to monitor our community features.
You alone are responsible for their interactions with other users, whether online or personally, in particular for comments, competitions and friendly matches.
We take no responsibility or liability for loss or damage caused by interactions with other users, the services, people you about our services, or persons whom they meet because of the content find them in the services, by or through the post.
Under armour shall not be obliged to disputes between its users to take part and is any liability with respect to disputes between its users from, and they exempt under armour of any responsibility and liability arising from or in connection with such disputes arise.
3.2 Community-leitlinien
Our services are you a safe environment provide help them their fitness and to achieve Wellness-ziele
Do our services to inappropriate material items people to address to send spam, intellectual property rights to hurt or other acts of paedophilia. misplaced
Be reasonable and act responsibly.
Our services are for all users with safe and create supportive community.
Favourable environment for the safe and to ensure we demand of all that you agree and follow certain rules (the " "), if they Community-leitlinien user-generated content items and the services.
Our Community-leitlinien based in many cases on the principles of the applicable law.
To violate our do may be punishable and Community-leitlinien civil liable.
By services, do you explain agree that their content and, in particular, the use of the interactive nutzergenerierten areas not opposed to the contrary. Community-leitlinien
Community-leitlinien contrary where they dispute the, we keep us from their access to the services to block.
No inappropriate content.
Publish no content that serve to other members of the community to pursue, threaten to be harassing and without insulting and embarrassed.
Derogatory remarks about sex are not allowed, gender, age, weight, build, disability, ethnic origin, religion or sexual orientation and the endorsement of violence against a person or group, even if it is packed humorous.
Includes what stereotypes about a group or community.
Items do not content that, obscene,, insulting libellous pornographic, or sexually. riot when explicitly
You can a message, a post or issue, but please, grab respectfully disagree with other users not by make fun of her or offend you.
If another users are attacked and in the same way, it can reply by saying the same consequences for them.
No Hijacking, Trolling. or Flame-baiting
Forums involved if they are in our stay in an actual thread on the subject of new threads and please post in the appropriate forum.
Thread wegleiten, if you, as is the Hijacking issue.
Including posts, or to provoke riots is to encourage.
- Promotion of unsafe or eating disorders. Gewichtsverlusttechniken
Using services to promote, glorification or achievement of dangerous is not allowed. less food
Accordingly please bear the following types of content and without prior warning can be removed, not in:
- Content, which may be unsafe or controversial procedures designed to promote, in particular or Gewichtsverlustprodukte over-the-counter supplements or MLM.
- Sections, groups, news, or the posts anorexia, bulimia nervosa or very Wall-kommentare diets intended support.
Includes positive comments to anaemia, or relaxing Selbstaushungerung.
Pictures that extreme. Dünnheit,
No injury of minors.
Use the services in a way that the minors (or anyone else) damages.
No interruptions, exploits or abuse.
Do not disturb the operation of services, in particular by unauthorised use or cause disruption, automated attacks, recovery or misuse of our resources.
Spam- Junkmail or dispatch of no.
Send Werbepost on posts, no adverse replies or news.
No illegal content.
Support promote or support, they do not (e.g. fraudulent or illegal activities, violence or.) Computermissbrauch identity fraud
No collection of personal data.
Items or do you not personal data in relation to third parties or from third parties, in particular, no pictures, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses and passwords in surnames, Hausanschriften the interactive areas.
No public item of privately.
Items do not e-mail or by another private message users or publicly. host administrator
No violation of a legal requirement.
Publish no content that against a contractual or other legal obligation with third parties.
No misleading or fraudulent left.
Items do not misleading or fraudulent left.
Includes misleading name from the left, the provision of a false source " in a post, " the establishment of misleading in images or the integration of the left Click-through-links in intermediate show or Pop-up-anzeigen.
No violation of intellectual property rights.
Respect intellectual property of others.
Protected works or other similar if you can not use (such as licence or within legal exceptions and limitations, as the appropriate use), item them please.
Especially if they have reason to believe that user-generated content in our services see their intellectual property rights or the other injured, please read the section intellectual property in our terms. / dmca
Give than under armour or any other person.
Items do not content, with which a person can be deceived or to which it as another person or spend their identity or relationship with any person, including under armour, wrong).
The establishment of an account to other users to deceive or a provisional, are not allowed and to avoid blocking has led to the exclusion of services.
No automated searches.
Send without our express written permission not of any kind to the systems and automated searches networks that we use in order to provide services.
Other.
Items do not contain content that something which, in the sole view is under or another offensive Armours person from making services to use or to take, or the under armour or in any way jeopardise our users or liable.
Item content with do not under armour or our goodwill or undermine. brands related damage
If we find that it against the contrary or the conditions otherwise Community-leitlinien have violated, we can take measures to remedy the problem, including their right to use the services stop their content, legal proceedings against you remove nutzergenerierten initiate (in this case do you explain that we agree on the reasonable cost, and can be made) and information on lawyers ' fees law enforcement candidate.
We reserve to ourselves this in our sole discretion or not enforce Community-leitlinien enforce without having an obligation by you or contractual obligation to a particular approach over.
3.3 reporting on offensive user-generated content
There are people, inadequate content on published. nutzergenerierten Inhaltsseiten
Best we are trying to ensure that the community is safe and protected (if the user the respect), but does that help Community-leitlinien anyway, you can evil face before we had the possibility of content, to remove them.
Anstößiges if you have any discover let us, please.
We demand that all our users that they are to keep and we reserve the Community-leitlinien right to monitor infringements, but we can not guarantee that ultimately the or those conditions at all times comply with Community-leitlinien.
If they believe that content to our services was sent, against the; or if you know or the Community-leitlinien suspect that someone their contents, please inform us please nutzergenerierten abused. the Support-team
We have the right, but not the obligation, the reported by them to review and remove or nutzergenerierten content to take action.
They understand and acknowledge that, if you're on the services or otherwise exploit, this access from a variety of sources nutzergenerierten content may be exposed, and that we are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, legality, adequacy or intellectual property rights this content. nutzergenerierten
We are not responsible and liable for injury or damage to them by offensive user-generated content or failure to comply with our by another user costs. Community-leitlinien
Intellectual property / dmca.
We respect the intellectual property right.
If there is a problem, please send us an email with all the details to Connectedfitnessip @ ua.com
If they believe that user-generated content or copyright or after the us law or Ua-inhalte to any other national law hurt us this report immediately under the specified in details.
It is our policy, to which we all allegations of injuries, nevertheless, to follow.
Please tell us in their notification of a suspected breach with the following information:
Indication of the material that is violated.
Indication of the material from which the injury, including its location, supposedly is sufficient details so that we find it and its existence can verify.
Contact details of the reporting (the " party "), including notifying party name, address, telephone number and email address.
A declaration in accordance with the reporting party believes this material did not, in good faith, owner or his representative by law is released.
A declaration under oath, in accordance with the information contained in the notification are correct and that party has the right message reporting on behalf of the owner.
Physically or electronic signature of a person who is entitled, on behalf of the owner of the material, but was injured for action.
Their message must () or electronically signed and physically addressed as follows:
Copyright agent
C / o under armour, inc.
" Hull street
Baltimore, md 21230
Connectedfitnessip @ ua.com
They confirm that report may, if they do not all is ineffective comply with requirements of this section.
Message violation of some of the information contained in the user can be passed on the supposedly content posted later.
In the united states is a person who knowingly and essentially wrong indicates that a copyright material or an action, in accordance with section 512 (f) hurt the digital millennium copyright act (dmca) be held liable.
Further information on the constitution and a response is available from the Dmca-benachrichtigung; more information on copyright, you will find www.copyright.gov under / trademark. www.uspto.gov
5 left and external services
Our services can links to services or products, such as external social media and external devices, contain these or to be made available to interact.
If such external services or products access, note that for the use of these services and other conditions apply. data protection directives
5.1 social networks and credentials
Services you can, for example online services through several external social media and social network services, such as facebook or twitter (" social "), or of network services for the services they enable customers.
Features opportunities at this, they must be able to use may be in on the websites of the respective supplier Netzwerkdiensten social register or authenticate, 1987.
Integration giving us in this social access to certain information that they Netzwerkdiensten made available, and we shall use this information in accordance with our data protection directive and reveal. save
Please remember that the use, storage and disclosure of their information from third parties (including social networking services) simply by the directives of this external services be regulated, and we have no responsibility for the liability or or other acts on websites or Datenschutzpraktiken external services which may be activated in the services, take over.
Also accepting any responsibility for the accuracy, availability and reliability of information, content, products, data, opinions, advice or statements that in connection with social available. Netzwerkdiensten
Therefore liable for damage or loss, we do not by or in connection with the use or the reliance on such social networking services caused or allegedly.
5.2 Drittanbieter-apps
Them may on our services on certain external links, apps, content, services, or other events or activities, special offers promotion actions (" ") access. Drittanbieter-apps
When deciding on these Drittanbieter-apps, you may be requested to access in these apps or their accounts with them to notify to synchronize.
They are not obliged to to use, and access to Drittanbieter-apps these apps and their use fully be at their peril, and we accept no liability for it.
Also accepting any responsibility for the accuracy, availability and reliability of information, content, products, data, opinions, advice or statements that are made available by Drittanbieter-apps.
Therefore liable for damage or loss, we do not by or in connection with the use or the confidence to such caused or caused. allegedly Drittanbieter-apps
5.3 Drittanbieterprodukte
You can on other products or equipment (" ") from third to our services and access Drittanbieterprodukte certain features of the services, they may need to be able to use (e.g. fitness tracker Drittanbieterprodukte buy.
Products certain partners we can recommend or market, but we do not support for the acquisition or the use of Drittanbieterprodukten do not guarantee that the responsible and we work with the services or be flawless Drittanbieterprodukte.
Stop we any liability for all, including by Drittanbieterprodukte Drittanbieterprodukten our partners.
5.4 external services, activities and events
With our services you may be certain services activities and events from third (" external activities) discover access or part of it.
For example, but not exclusively, they can. we will use to under armour information relating to external unpaid work and get for this record.
External activities by third parties and not provided under armour.
Your presence and participation in external activities shall be carried out at their peril.
Under armour shall not be liable for acts, errors or omissions third, in particular those resulting from the presence of a user or participation in external activities or their use by him surrender or in any way linked to when the first external activities on services have been contracted or discovered or on the user services for the notified, as well as external activities under armour not accept responsibility for the execution takes or in connection with the failure by a third party services.
Under armour represents no providers of external actions.
Mobile services.
We seek, our apps available on many platforms, but can not guarantee that our apps on your contraption compatible (tell the service, let's, if you have problems or questions; we want to help you.
Our when they use their usual charges apply apps data and, just as the news of the rules of the App-stores apps download.
6.1 requirements and mobile device
Apps our to use or access to, you need a compatible device.
We can not guarantee that the apps on your contraption will be compatible, or that they have access to the equipment from their apps.
Basis-apps for the use of some, we may not charge fees to fall for them; but to make certain fees or features benefit. Premium-apps
Also continue to apply the normal fees for messages, data and other charges of Mobilfunkanbieters.
6.2 Einwilligungen explicit on text and Mobilnachrichten
Apps download or by our use that they are expressly agree that we on transactions in the services have started, on services via sms, and other electronic means Mms-, text messages to your device addressed, communicate with them or to their questions, and answers to us that certain information on their use are automatically from their gear on us may be submitted.
We are sending you no direct messages with without the express written authorisation, their previous Marketingcharakter and they can at any time of receipt of by us logout. Marketing-nachrichten
6.3 mobile App-lizenz
Hereby grant allowed a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, not license to use our apps, unterlizenzierbare widerrufliche which they directly from a legitimate marketplace, and only for download exclusively in their own personal use for Objektcodeformat gesetzesgemäße purposes.
Concerning open source code or code of a third party may be included in the apps is the open source code, where appropriate, under the existing (end user license agreement Endbenutzervereinbarung /), which the eula Drittanbieterlizenz. to use code
6.4 App-stores
Our apps if you from one (the " " of a third app store), please confirm the following download by google and agree:
Conditions is a contract between us and not with the by google.
App-anbieter against the is only for his responsible under armour apps.
The App-anbieter shall not be obliged to provide under Armour-apps maintenance and Supportdienste.
Under Armour-apps should not consistent with a (i) they may be Gewährleistungspflicht the and you can tell by google by google (if applicable) the purchase price for the apps, (ii), the back in the widest extent allowed by law no other by google Gewährleistungspflicht in relation to the and (iii) shall under armour apps compared with the responsibility for all other claims, by google losses, liabilities, damage costs or expenses arising from the breach of an Gewährleistungspflicht operators.
The App-anbieter is not responsible for any rights which they in relation to the apps or possession and use of apps to edit.
If a third party claims that an app the intellectual property rights of another party injured is under armour compared with the responsibility for the inspection, by google defence, settlement and payment of such claims and to the extent possible under these conditions is necessary;
The App-anbieter and its subsidiaries shall apply in relation to those conditions as on their licence for the apps. Drittbegünstigte
Conditions if they accept is the entitles (and it is thought by google that he has adopted the right), these conditions as regards their licence for the apps to you than. Drittbegünstigter thereof
And
They must also comply with all applicable when considering the third Dienstleistungsbedingungen apps benefit.
7 services against payment
Our better services against payment if you apply for the following payment and to Abrechnungsbedingungen.
Services against payment and reckoning might extend, if you do not automatically quit.
You can always quit.
7.1 payment
Certain Premium-versionen of services we offer for a fee of (the " "). Premium-dienstleistungen
Premium-dienstleistungen if they are to make use of it, do you explain and express with our conditions and any additional agree here be envisaged. conditions
Premium-dienstleistungen allowed by law as soon as you in at you, do not amount to subscribe to, so that they directly affect the right of withdrawal 14-tägiges services can access.
Premium-dienstleistungen with you will have access to certain improved products, services, features and functions (e.g. and analyses, a werbefreie Browsing-erfahrung) Premium-diagramme.
If they are to make use of them, including the login and Premium-dienstleistungen notification to free the, do you explain to Probeversionen Premium-dienstleistungen agreed, all fees or other costs incurred to pay for the apply (as). Premium-dienstleistungen Abonnementsgebühren
Premium-dienstleistungen if they are for, you must indicate their preferred to payment and related information (basis ').
This information must be complete and accurate and they are responsible for them to keep up to date.
Empower us explicitly, by or on their respective the payment-Bankeinzug fees to recover and all other purchases which they Premium-dienstleistungen on services carry out will be calculated.
You can choose if you want to pay for the month, or year. Premium-dienstleistungen
Unless otherwise indicated, all is for the fees paid in advance. Premium-dienstleistungen
This automatically be at the beginning of monthly or annual period of the with the chosen payment debited. Premium-dienstleistungen
Unless otherwise specified, extend the automatically until your access to Premium-dienstleistungen the Premium-dienstleistungen quit.
Premium-dienstleistungen purchases of all shall be final and ineligible, except in our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules, for each Premium-dienstleistung.
7.2 suspension or termination of Premium-dienstleistungen
Fees or costs that if they are to use the process, we can not pay Premium-dienstleistungen appropriate efforts to inform and to solve the problem; we shall, however, the right to their access to the to disable or to block (and Premium-dienstleistungen can do this without notice.
Premium-dienstleistungen they may denounce.
Additional information on the given notice here.
Premium-dienstleistung if they have denounced and confirmation have received no changes can be made more in your account.
Premium-dienstleistung termination of a the end of this is effective and you have for the remaining period accounting period of the accounting period continue to the same access to the Premium-dienstleistung.
For example if you chose the monthly statement and in the course of a month, you will announce this month calculated and you have until the end of complete this month access to Premium-dienstleistung.
They receive no refund in the case of cessation or termination of their Premium-dienstleistung.
Premium-dienstleistung if you no longer want to, it is their responsibility to subscribe to their timely to terminate regardless of Premium-dienstleistung whether they actively use or not. Premium-dienstleistung
7.3 tariff change
Our Premium-dienstleistungen prices for, as far as in existing legislation, is allowed, at any time change.
They adequate advance notice about such through the publication of price changes in the new prices on the current and / or by the sending of a Premium-dienstleistung message indicator for you.
New prices if they wish, you can not pay the respective terminate, before the change in Premium-dienstleistung force.
7.4 Rabatt-, Gutschein- or Geschenkcodes
Rabatt- Gutschein- or, if they are to have received apply Premium-dienstleistung gift card code in addition to the terms and conditions of the respective codes includes the following terms and conditions.
Rabatt- Gutscheincode or for a report to the relevant to deliver services and enter the code for the relevant action.
Rabatt- Geschenk-, and can only be redeemed if Gutscheincodes, and apply only Premium-dienstleistungen subscribed to for accounts, for which have not subscribed to. Premium-dienstleistungen
Rabatt- Geschenk-, and can not with other, offered Gutscheincodes, actions or combined Preisermäßigungen exchanged and not reimbursed, vouchers; replaced or for cash or the deposit accounts to be fulfilled.
Rabatt- Gutscheincode or for a, is a necessary. on payment
It is their responsibility to, or to use Rabatt- Gutschein- before it expires, gift card code and codes can not reimbursed or be extended expired.
It is also the responsibility that before the end of free or Vorzugspreiszeitraums Premium-dienstleistung, if they are not to terminate at the usual price. continue to Premium-dienstleistung
Rabatt- Gutschein-, or of a specific business conditions may include as additional usage restrictions apply Geschenkcodes, inter alia, the nature of the tariff, the duration of the free, or of and / or ticket finder Vorzugspreis-premium-dienstleistung valid-from. Einkaufsmengen
Under armour reserves the right, and at any time to cease. Rabatt- Gutscheinaktionen
7.5 free Probeversionen
Uncommon Probeversionen we offer free our (one or other Premium-dienstleistungen Aktionsangebote " free. " Probeversion
By Probeversion they receive for a period a free access to the; in the conditions applying to them Premium-dienstleistungen informed if they are for the offer to customers.
In for free, they are perhaps its notify Probeversion preferred. to payment
Once their set, begins its free Probeversion payment information.
Until the end of free will do them no charged. Probeversion
Unless terminate before the free ends, or if not otherwise specified Probeversion, will you access to, and they will be automatically renewed Premium-dienstleistung corresponding fees for the on the you supplied in Premium-dienstleistung payment method.
All charges incurred shall be final and ineligible, except after our according to the rules, and that can only apply. for each Premium-dienstleistung
We can send them a reminder, shortly before their free ends, but we do not guarantee such Probeversion notifications.
Ultimately it is their responsibility to know when the free ends when it after the free Probeversion users want to be paid no Probezeitraum Premium-dienstleistungen.
Paid users of if they don't want to be, they have their subscription Premium-dienstleistungen before the end of free quit. Probezeitraums
Terminate as soon as you or at the end of free, you can, depending on the Probeversion access lose. Premium-dienstleistung
Free Probeversion if they have received confirmation quit, you can free not continue, even if they do not Probezeitraum have used. the whole Angebotsdauer
The features and content can change at any time and we can Premium-dienstleistungen not guarantee that a specific feature or a certain contents throughout the free Probezeitraums.
Prices which, if they are for the free, after the end of free Probeversion to be equal, unless Probeversion that we have something else about.
We reserve the right to a free, access to their Probeversionsangebot Premium-dienstleistungen during the free or any of these conditions in our Probezeitraums sole discretion without notification or liability to modify it.
Do not at the same time for several free one and we shall declare Probeversionen Premium-dienstleistung the right to their ability to mobilise more free to restrict. Probeversionen
Shopping and e-commerce.
May apply for under armour shopping. additional E-commerce-geschäftsbedingungen
You find these conditions [down] # (annex a).
We are also endeavouring, on or near the them information about our attendance, exchangeable, Einkaufsorts, tax, transit fraud and related Bestandsaufstockungs- directives must be reported.
Under armour if you ask to talk, shopping at our Support-team.
Please read these directives, before it reaches under armour shopping shopping.
9 physical activity and Ernährungsberatung
It is important to us that the user in achieving their Fitnessziele stay healthy.
Will you please act responsibly and let sound judgment and common sense to prevail.
We make our services for information purposes only and are not available, if they are hurt or things go wrong.
Especially most of the content that is in our community of other users posted, even if they are helpful, on the internet and therefore should never over foreign good judgment or received medical advice made.
9.1 safety first
Under armour their safety is important.
You should be to their (s) shall apply and the risks taken into account, healthcare providers before they combined with a physical activity our services, a fitness programme or or use or Wellness- Ernährungsprogrammen -beratungen.
By our services, that they are in agreement, and ensure that the agreement they assure your doctor to take part in and, exercises, Workouts Wellness- Fitnessprogrammen or one of the related activities to them in connection with the services to be made available, have obtained and that they are discussed with your doctor before you on the basis of available information services on the changes in their diet.
Not all have the same physical fitness, and the same skills and the participation in the activities in our services offered shall be at their peril.
If they are to take part in these activities, they do so voluntarily and decide in the mind of all risks associated with these activities are connected.
Activities in the services offered may be even for those, who are now in a good state of health, are dangers.
They understand and agree that we do not physical inspection, supervision, preparation, implementation or execution of activities to which on services or accessed on services are discovered (e.g., official or from the community to advertised competition; routes; or similar activities; single or friendly matches or other events or activities; external Gruppentrainingsaktivitäten activities that our services), carry out or are responsible for.
Cards Wegbeschreibungen, and other, including data on their or gps navigation data current position may not be available, false or incomplete.
You are, security is top priority, the corresponding to follow the settings on their traffic rules device not to change while they ride or in are and always draw attention to areas of insecurity and their surroundings always to bear in mind, while they train.
Saying explicitly agree that their sporting activities, which may have nutzergenerierten in or on the content services items or items to generate (e.g. jogging, running, cycling, hiking), and certain external activities certain major risks for damage to property, injury or death bring with it and that they all known and unknown dangers associated with these activities are connected, even if they voluntarily take over all or part of by an act, omission or negligence of an act or omission under armour or negligence are caused. other
Unless these conditions specified otherwise, and in the widest extent allowed by law we do not take responsibility or liability, whether directly or indirectly, for injury or property damage by their physical activities or use or impossibility of access to services or services features caused content or activities to which it in particular on our services access or of which they know about our services (e.g. an external activity, like a), even if this Yoga-kurs whole or in part by an act, omission or negligence of under armour or other causes.
Saying explicitly agree that we subject to the respective legal limits no responsibility for external activities or any other race, competitions, courses, or take the sporting activities events services that promote on services or on the on services is accessed.
9.2 disclaimer as regards accuracy and reliability of content
We give no insurance or as regards the accuracy, reliability, completeness guarantee on the timeliness of content or services are available, and we are committed not this content to date.
Advice user-generated content, in particular, are also or any other information, such statements on food, food, and sports activities and Ernährungsberatung Trainingsberatung to, not from under armour Datenbankeinträge Sportübungen drawn up and we must not be without an independent review trust.
For user-generated content, whether the public or private transmitted alone is posted users responsible, from which the material originates. nutzergenerierten
All information is the " state " without insurance, or ensure their accuracy or reliability provided on condition.
Not all users, which may as a professional manager or licensed show in all relevant jurisdictions nutritionists are allowed.
Under armour shall not be obliged to check whether users, as licensed or designate actually are licensed Diätassistenten coach.
Licensed coach or if they are not, explain and guarantee them spend nutritionists that you for the services it in the jurisdiction in which they provide their services, are actually licensed.
Users should also bear in mind that, even if a licensed users in a jurisdiction, it is not coach means that the jurisdiction is licensed in Trainer-nutzer from other people's advice coach benefits.
Accordingly is the use of discussions by other users at their peril.
Where according to the legal limits may be under armour is under no circumstances for any loss or damage or liability resulting from the responsible, that refer to information or advice from users our services rely.
9.3 a consultation
Helpful Allgemeininformationen we wish to demonstrate community and no professional medical advice provide.
The services are not medical equipment and the data provided by them are not intended to be used for medical purposes or a disease, a suffering or injury to diagnose, treat, to cure or prevent.
You explain, subject to the respective legal limits agree that we have the express services no consultation provide.
All aspects of services, whether by us or by other users or third parties (even if they claim to be a doctor.
Available are not for use instead (a) of the council of your doctor or other medical professionals, (b) a visit, a call or a with your doctor or other health professionals audience or information on or in a product packaging © or on a label only and should not be used in its place.
Where in accordance with the legal limits is allowed, we are not responsible for health problems resulting from,, consultations, products or Trainingsprogrammen Ernährungsberatungen events may result from which they know about the services.
Health issues, you should talk to your doctor immediately or other healthcare providers.
Call in an emergency doctor immediately, or their local emergency services.
Through the use of services is between them, and not under armour or other relationship with a Arzt-patient- Therapeut-patient- other health professionals.
9.4 atypical success stories
Success stories by users or under armour are published on our services may not typical or even, by a certain precise results achieved or consist diet.
Where according to the legal limits may be, is no obligation under armour or liability with respect to the accuracy, reliability and effectiveness of, or in the dietary recommendations fitness activities are included. success stories of users
9.5 accuracy
Services is intended to provide information in order to draw them and encourage. Wellness- fitness activities
Some services are intended to your body and to pursue ") (" Schlafaktivität Aktivitätsverfolgungsdienste.
This Aktivitätsverfolgungsdienste based on sensors and / or their movement or their sleep Gps-funktionen follow.
Aktivitätsverfolgungsdiensten by the information provided is intended to reflect their activity, it is probably not absolutely true, but particularly in relation to data on steps sleep, speed, removal or calories.
Using recognize that Aktivitätsverfolgungsdiensten under armour for such data uncertainty not responsible or liability.
If you in new jersey, or the netherlands are located:
Despite where otherwise provided in these conditions, our responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from fraud, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of carelessness, under armour caused by anything in these conditions limited or waived.
10 variations to the terms and conditions to
During grows and develops under armour, we may have to make changes to these conditions or add additional conditions apply to certain products.
10.1 updates of these conditions
Under armour reserves the right to amend these conditions by: (i) the amended conditions in and / or services on the posted and / or (ii) them prior notification of major changes to the conditions, as a rule, and as far as zugesendet practically possible, by e-mail and otherwise on services (such as a notification to the home page of websites of under armour or in our apps).
The amendments shall not apply retroactively, except that this is provided for by law.
They occasionally we can ask an amended version of the conditions to be assessed and explicitly accept or reject.
In such cases, are the amendments come into force when it amended the conditions agreed.
If you at this time, do not agree with the services benefits.
If we do not for your explicit consent to a modified conditions ask if the amended version of the conditions from the in the conditions provided for in force. date
In its decision to establish a account, access and to use the services (regardless of whether they an account with us configure) from that date, do you accept the amended conditions.
If you do not agree with the amendments, you should not use the services and should use.
10.2 to conditions
We they may also request additional conditions, rules, guidelines or other conditions (directives together " conditions ' that for certain agree to each product services (for example, the commercial tools).
In such cases, you may be to explicitly accept. product-specific conditions
For example, you may need tick one box or a button, i agree with the " click ".
Product-specific conditions of these conditions if the differ and supplement, amend or replace the product specific conditions, but only those conditions with regard to the subject matter of the product specific conditions.
Gewährleistungsausschluss.
Under armour closes, unless explicitly prohibited by law and in the widest extent allowed by law all oral or written, explicit,, legal or other means of tacit, insurance and guarantees of any kind, in particular, the means of the implicit marketability, for a specific purpose and Nicht-verletzung suitability.
Services and all content is in the state " and " according to their availability " without provided. MÄNGELGEWÄHR
Without restrict the above it is noted that you are aware that we within the legal limits does not guarantee concerning the quality, accuracy, timeliness, completeness, reliability of truth, availability or services or content take over.
Where according to the legal limits may be, we do not ensure that (i) the services meet their requirements or (ii) certain results, the operation of services, or sound or free from continuously viren- other harmful elements or (iii) will be fixed.
Oral or written advice from our representatives or on our part is unwarranted.
Where according to the legal limits is allowed, we do not provide insurance or in terms of content means of any kind, in particular by the respective users user-generated content are provided solely responsible for this.
Oral or written advice or information obtained from other users or on services be obtained, shall be made without guarantees, except that this is explicitly is adopted.
Therefore recognize explicitly and agree that the use of services to their own risk and that the overall risk is on the satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort lies with them.
Limitation of liability.
We make them the best possible services available, but we can not promise that they work.
We accept no liability for different things in the use of services could go wrong.
Under armour, its subsidiaries, partner or a mobile assume in the widest extent allowed by law (in particular because not) liability to negligence or a third party for them (a), indirect, incidental, special damage, or punitive damages of any kind sequelae Vertrauensschäden; (b) lost profits or revenues, loss of data, use, goodwill and other intangible damage; damage in respect of their access to the services ©, their use or the impossibility of access or use of services; (d) damage on behaviour or content of the services of a user or third uses, in particular, or illegal conduct or insulting verleumderisches content; and / or (e) any kind damage in respect of external content, products or external activities, on the external services on the access.
Where according to the legal limits may be directly this restriction for all of them, whether from ensure contract, or any other crime justification, regardless of whether under armour on the possibility of the damage has been informed or not, and also, if a remedy provided for in its essential purpose not met.
Where according to the legal limits may be, the liability of under armour for each eligible under these conditions, in particular for any guarantees to a thousand dollar (tacit) or the amount of usd 1.000,00 us in the last 12 months for the exploitation of the service (s) have paid limited, whichever amount is higher.
Where according to the legal limits may be liable for claims we particularly not (a) the use of the services (in particular, their participation in activities, for its part, in the services offered or to on services is accessed), (b) use, disclosure, publication or maintenance of the personal data of a user, © interactions with other users, the us or other services, even if we have the possibility of such damage being informed, or (d) other information content, services or products received or to be advertised on services or through in the left will receive services.
Where according to the legal limits is permitted, you recognise and agree that we offer services and the prices of services in reliance on the exemptions, in the conditions and limitations on liability Gewährleistungsausschlüsse decide that, exemptions and an adequate and Gewährleistungsausschlüsse liability limits just between you and us, and are a Gefahrenaufteilung essential business between them and us form.
Services we could you without this, exemptions and not in economically Gewährleistungsausschlüsse way provide. Haftungsbeschränkungen zumutbarer
If you live in california: you are abandoning their rights in accordance with section of the civil code of california and the 1542 provides as follows: " a general exemption does not apply to claims which are not known or that it not creditors in his favour if he suspected, when it agrees that the exemption would have known his agreement with the debtor would have significantly influenced. "
If you live in new jersey where otherwise provided in these conditions, notwithstanding, it is our responsibility for loss or damage resulting from fraud, silliness, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of ua caused by anything in these conditions limited or waived.
Compensation.
If in the usa or a country except france or germany are located, insofar as it is permitted in accordance with the legal limits, they shall undertake, under armour, its subsidiaries, subcontractors and other partners in respect of any claims or claims, including appropriate accounting and, to compensate in this respect and value to lawyers ' fees are, by a third party on the basis of the following be invoked: (a) the content to you on the nutzergenerierten services access or which are on the services share; (b) the use of the services, for their part, their sporting activities in connection with the © services (particularly sporting activities in connection with competitions, race, or other events, activities, external group activities which we may organize or in which we participate sponsor or or where the services are used); (d) of its association with the services; (s) of non-compliance with these conditions, for its part; (f) the use or misuse of the personal data of a user by them; (g) any violation of the rights to another person or an undertaking by them or (
We reserve the right, at their expense the exclusive control over defence and every matter to take over for the us, under the conditions, and they must undertake to compensate in defence of those rights to work with us.
If they are located in france and germany: despite the previous paragraph, they shall undertake, under armour, its subsidiaries, subcontractors and other partners in respect of any claims or claims, including appropriate accounting and, to compensate and value in this respect to lawyers ' fees are by a third party under the following be invoked: (a) the content to which it on the nutzergenerierten services, or which it on services access parts; (b) the use of the services, for its part the use or the abuse of; (c) personal data through them; (d) of a user of a violation of the rights to another person or an undertaking by them or (e) the use of services by it to another user or the location of a personal knowledge or to identify and Offline-orts Offline-veranstaltung to go there.
We reserve the right, at their expense the exclusive control over defence and every matter to take over for the us, under the conditions, and they must undertake to compensate in defence of those rights to work with us.
If you live in new jersey where otherwise provided in these conditions: despite can't be interpreted to mean that they are obliged to us of rights arising from fraud, negligence exempt, gross negligence or misconduct of vorsätzlichem operators. "
Law.
If in the usa or in a country outside the european union are established: such conditions are the law of the state or the applicable to the exclusion of maryland and under Us-bundesrecht rated. this right Kollisionsrechts
In residence in the european union, such conditions are and will be, behind the designed under dutch law applicable in Kollisionsrecht-prinzipien.
15 disputes and arbitration, jurisdiction and jurisdiction
Where in existing legislation, is allowed, they agree on and that all the procedures under armour for the settlement of disputes only on an individual basis and not as a complaint, consolidated or run began class action.
Unless outlawed, do you agree and we, we're in disputes with the general use of services by the personal and exclusive competence of an arbitration panel in accordance with the rules of the american arbitration association (american) to suggest Schiedsgerichtsverbands.
For more information, see www.adr.org. arbitration
Arbitration between them and us will, where necessary, in baltimore, maryland, carried out and what the Nichtzuständigkeit. any objections
Undertake, we are not in another jurisdiction to sue and no arbitration against us.
Arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in english.
A single independent and impartial referee in accordance with the rules of the american arbitration association appointed.
Both you and we commit ourselves to comply with the following rules that are intended to streamline the dispute resolution procedure and the costs and burdens for all concerned to reduce:
Arbitration proceedings shall be by telephone, online and / or exclusively on the basis of documents, with a specific type of led the party is chosen, the arbitration proceedings, respectively.
Arbitration does not require the physical presence of the parties or witnesses, unless the parties otherwise jointly agreed.
And
A ruling can be recognised by each competent court arbitrator.
Apart from exceptional circumstances take its decision within 120 days of the referee from the order.
The referee, this period may in the interests of justice by a further 30 days.
All arbitration will be in camera carried out and shall be confidential.
Remain sealed, except any such acts as far as the award is to be confirmed by a court.
The award shall be in writing and contains a declaration in which the reasons for the decision on an action be clarified.
Recognize remain regarding any disputes which of its decision to establish a account, access and to use the services arise:
To their right to a not Geschworenenverfahren
To your right, in a direct actions on such not dispute, or in any other agent as a representative to serve in a class action or Vertreterstellung to participate, and
All claims within one year from (1) of the right to claim formation entitlement. as if this is not
Schiedsgerichtsklausel invalid if this are found, then under all disputes related to between us from the conditions shown competence and Staatsgerichte in baltimore, maryland, and they Bundesgerichte and we assume the personal jurisdiction and responsibility are hereby those dishes.
This Schiedsvereinbarung from you or from under armour interim measures in support of the arbitration procedure in a competent court for orders about suspending a legal proceeding, forcing a arbitration or confirmation of a ruling.
Also prevents this from you or arbitration agreement under armour (i) in a competent court as required, an interim order or a judicial Verfügungsverbot other appropriations in the interim legal protection to request or (ii) in disputes concerning an infringement or a possible infringement of the intellectual property rights of under armour in a federal court heads of state or a disposition to request.
In case of legal proceedings or arbitration, which consists of or relating to these conditions, or the services provided shows the winning party has a claim against the losers in respect of all reasonable costs incurred the party, including costs, lawyers ' fees and any other personnel expenses related expenditure in the legal or arbitration proceedings incurred.
In resident in the european union: otherwise provided in these conditions, irrespective of any did you in a dispute, and they can not solve the right under armour, a complaint on http: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr.
We take, except as set out in these conditions, in any part of alternative dispute resolution procedure.
In addition, nothing in these conditions, a lawsuit against their right under armour in local courts to submit their place of residence.
All disputes between them and under armour from the conditions shown under the jurisdiction of the courts in his place of residence of nicht-ausschließlichen or in the netherlands of courts, and they and we assume personal responsibility and we hereby these courts that jurisdiction.
In residence in finland: otherwise provided in these conditions, irrespective of any did you in a dispute that you and can not solve the right under armour, a complaint with the locally competent or at a corresponding other organisation be submitted consumer association.
In domiciled in denmark, irrespective of any contrary provisions in these conditions, it in a dispute that you and under armour can not solve the right to a complaint to the danish authority for competition and consumer protection to judge (og forbrugerstyrelsen, center for Klageløsning Konkurrence-, carl, valby, 35 jacobsens vej 2500 e-mail: @). kfst.dk;
In residing in south korea: irrespective of any contrary provisions in these limits nothing in these conditions, the right conditions of use, a lawsuit against under armour in local courts to submit their place of residence.
International conditions.
If you don't live in the united states and outside the united states to our services, access, they shall undertake, certain information in their own countries on us to provide for them and all applicable laws must be followed.
We make our services to a worldwide ready. Nutzer-community
Our servers and activities are mainly in the united states and our policies and procedures shall be based mainly on the right of the united states.
Therefore apply in particular to users, who are outside the united states, are the following provisions: (i) they are with the transmission, storage and processing of information, in particular the content and personal data, to the nutzergenerierten and in the united states and / or other countries agree; (ii) if they are services from a country use the united states embargo against the, or which is on the list of " specially designated nationals list " (contains data of persons, groups and entities designated by various economic sanctions by the ministry of finance of the united states are concerned) the us treasury is, they are not entitled to access to the services or using it; and (iii) they undertake to all local laws, rules and regulations, in particular to comply with all laws, regulations and regulations that force in the country in which they live and which they have access to services.
Services are unable to transfer to another person or an undertaking, or for use by another person or an undertaking in a law or a country shall determine the transfer or use against the law or a regulation would be contrary or where this with under armour or a registration under armour related companies in this legal system or that country would require.
The names of the countries or regions in these conditions, the data protection directive and all related functions or be used are based on the documentation of terminology database united nations.
In residence in the european union, in hong kong, russia and south korea, new zealand: despite those conditions where otherwise provided note that in some jurisdictions the absence or the limitation of certain guarantees liabilities or is not allowed, i.e. compulsory damage that some of these exclusions and restrictions in these conditions do not apply to them.
Nothing those conditions can be interpreted as meaning that (1) the liability for deception by us, (2) use is made of death or injury in case of negligence or intent on our part or (3) for non-execution of contractual obligation is not essential.
In resident in new zealand: irrespective of any contrary provisions in these conditions is not in these conditions of a reduction or to the exclusion of our liability or their rights, provided that it is a consumer as defined in the consumer Guarantees act 1993 or the fair trading act of 1986.
In currently residing in germany, france, austria and finland: despite in these conditions, are provides otherwise, the term " as far as in existing legislation, is permitted " and related terms with similar importance wherever they occur as from these conditions and to consider them no effect is deleted.
In residing in japan: irrespective of any contrary provisions in these conditions is nothing in these conditions of a reduction or to the exclusion of our liability or their rights, provided that they are within the meaning of a consumer. Konsumentenvertragsgesetzes
In residence in south korea: there are, regardless of any otherwise provided in these conditions, all amendments to these conditions before entry into force on the website announced; unless they are within a reasonable period of the said notification the intention, such a modification or amendment, it is considered that they reject these modifications or amendments.
Survival.
If our relationship or those conditions, this does not end our other rights or remedies restricted, and a provision in these conditions, which must be maintained, so that the objective and with these conditions intention are effectively implemented, is after the termination, and notably section 2 (ownership of the content and use of contents (9), physical activity and), 11 (Ernährungsberatung), 12 (Gewährleistungsausschluss), 13 (compensation), limitation of liability (15 disputes and arbitration, jurisdiction and jurisdiction) and 17 (survival).
Miscellaneous.
They agree that the conditions or the use of services by between them and us no, social, labour or is Joint-venture- Vertretungsverhältnis.
Any product-specific conditions and conditions shall the whole agreement between them and us in relation to the use of services by you.
Right if we or with a provision from the conditions do not exercise or that does not mean that we impose on this right or waive this provision.
If any provision in the conditions of a competent court ineffective is deemed, the parties agree, nevertheless, that the court should try and the will of the parties, as agreed by the provision is presented, effectively implemented, and the other provisions remain fully in force.
Do your account or its obligations under these conditions without our prior written consent, delegate or otherwise not relinquish command.
We have our rights for these conditions in our sole discretion to transfer all or part of, and we are entitled to cede or our duties and obligations under those conditions and in conjunction with the services to third parties or third party suppliers to delegate to contractors these tasks and obligations to have.
A communication, which we are by e-mail or with normal post, or left, or send notifications in relation to the services indicated under these conditions, shall be considered as an acceptable communication to them.
We are not responsible for the communication does not receive because the email of your under strict quarantine (e.g. E-mail-sicherheitssystem " junk " or " spam " folder) or because their email address not update.
Communication directly forty-eight hours after the transhipment than when they sent by e-mail or with normal mail is sent.
If the communication on the left is associated with the services are displayed, it will apply twenty-four hours after it was shown, first as served.
Contact.
Feedback questions if you, or notes to services, please refer to our, via e-mail, telephone Support-team under or by post: 1-888-727-6687 under armour, 1020 street, baltimore, md hull (usa), and give 21230 " Attn: legal-terms and conditions of use " as a subject.
Please make sure that they all mail or mail her full name, your email address, postal address and specify a message.
Annex a: under armour shopping
By through under armour, vote shopping with us shopping. following conditions
These conditions apply to all tenders and agreements in relation to the online sales and the delivery of clothes, shoes and accessories of (" "), under armour Ua-kleidung but not for digital products and services, (e.g.) in section 8 of Premium-mitgliedschaften above conditions explicitly address.
Hereinafter accordingly, the terms of each exported ordering (i) on or Ua-kleidung, on any related underarmour.com Ua.com Länder-domains; (ii) for each connected directly to side; or (iii) Ua.com e-commerce or of any under armour (together " under Shopping-anwendung shopping "). "
(A) Kontoregistrierung
You need not to account under armour shopping shopping.
Online-shopping around the quicker and easier to make you can but an account with us at one of our websites and apps registered.
Please confirm your email address in preparing their account, since we use the e-mail address to contact.
Through your account you have the possibility, consignments to pursue earlier with a username and password to orders and quickly to their dispatch and billing information access.
Configure account if they don't, they can nonetheless as " guest " by under armour shopping shopping.
(B) online accessibility
In shopping can you as soon as you for an article have decided to see what the color / by size in the camp is the first color (1), and then select color size. select size).
When is the correct size in the selected color is present not available.
Under armour shopping is designed so that the level of stocks in real time be displayed so that only article are visible and to purchase vorrätige are available, but nevertheless it may be that an article about great popularity of a certain styles, a certain colour or size, and we can not guarantee is sold out, that the article actually available than in stock displayed
If the article you want to buy, currently is not available, we apologize for the inconvenience and recommend that you our call, so that we can help them Kundendienstnummer, a similar product to be found.
© Style-nummer find
Style-nummer if they find you a product in the interior of garment on a small white label.
To Fw081100200 or, for example in elderly. the first four styles Fw060375 signs relate to the season of (e.g. styles case / winter 2006) (= Fw06 although the depending on the region Style-nummer for some products, not the first four characters), and the last seven characters (for new styles) or four characters (in older styles) relate to the Style-nummer.
Style-nummer that they can in our services enter is precisely to find what you're looking for.
If no results, the appropriate style may no longer under armour of produced.
Please contact our that helps to Kundendienstteam to find a replacement.
(D) appoint and Bestelländerungen
If you give up, we are sending you a an order to their specified address. Bestätigungs-e-mail
Business e-mail if they use, please note that many companies use to exclude detailed automated e-mail spam filter.
Receipt Bestätigungs-e-mail in our that could lead to prevent them or her in the folder for undesirable anyway. email
Bestätigungsphase ' are the last in the details of their appointment.
Thereafter we send them a, in which their Eingangsbestätigungs-e-mail designated products etc.
Please note that no e-mail or by under armour. Bestellbestätigung Bestellannahme
The adoption of the order and the contract between us be when we give them the ordered unless products that we are informed thereof that we do not accept your order, or if you have cancelled the appointment.
Because of the tight schedule between order and it is difficult to dispatch changes after her appointment has been abandoned.
If they do, however, within an hour, we shall try to call up their appointment, the change.
(E) tax
Vat and similar taxes such as value added tax (" vat "), be based on the local and national rates depending on where they are calculated.
If vat., you will, the rate of the local charged and the included. Produktpreis
(F) payment
Under armour reserves the right to the list of acceptable under armour. methods shopping
We may require that credit cards and debit cards by an institution in the legal order in which they are issued, and those methods must be associated with a in the same law. Rechnungsadresse
In most jurisdictions, they must ensure that, at the bank is deposited Rechnungsadresse the credit or debit card is issued, the same is in its appointment Rechnungsadresse).
We accept no personal cheques, cash money orders or online.
Under armour as articles only with the consignment to invoice is can we apply to their products for the Vorabgenehmigungsverfahren dispatch origin.
Unnecessary Überziehungsgebühren to avoid is to banks often called " a method used to verify prior approval ' that the used credit / debit card valid and sufficient is covered.
Please note that as on your statement " under armour " Transaktionsbeschreibung indicated.
Most permits are within five to seven days, but the issuing bank the duration of the intended ultimately approval.
Ultimately, only the value of in it were sent out and from their taxes plus plus postage and credit or debit card debited.
For further information. talk to our Kundendienstteam
If you have problems with the payment, talk to this-a member of the teams will be Kundendienstteam like to help.
(G) the supply and dispatch
There are some places which we do not send, and we send not in accounts.
Therefore, you should make sure that we can supply to you to give up before accepting appointment.
Delivery publications, where the estimated each order the checkout).
We seek is best, were within the timeframe foreseen to deliver, but may occasionally be some delays.
Under armour shall not be liable for delays or of goods within the indicative timeframe. Nichtlieferungen
Under armour reserves the right to require the adoption of goods by the signature of an adult of at least 18 years of age is confirmed.
Customers in a legal system can not keep on shopping in other legal under armour shopping.
Please visit our website to local to know which were currently for they are available.
They generally receive a e-mail as soon as their package sent Sendungsverfolgungsnummer.
Their Sendungsverfolgungsnummer (s) you can also find, turning with their account and in your login order number to her package to pursue enter Bestellbestätigungs-e-mail.
Please wait for two to four business days prior to the appointment, its task from benefit. Sendungsverfolgung
If your appointment found on our website, and the message that their appointment is, it means " unterwegs " is that your order prepared for shipping, or that the carrier, were updated. not Sendungsverfolgungsdaten
Usually, the freight forwarder within two to four days when our Sendungsverfolgungsdaten.
We are trying to all articles together to send an order, but we reserve the right to their products separately to send, where one or more articles are not available. the first transmission
Your order in several consignments if we divide will receive no for each shipment separate charged. * * these
In addition, for each consignment sent. a confirmatory / Sendungsverfolgungs-e-mail
If we in the implementation of some of its appointment have a problem, that is no reason for the cancellation of the other articles in this order.
Ownership of all orders and extradited to you is for you on as soon as it received, provided that the full payment for the appointment under armour has received.
(H) cancellations, exchange and refunds
The rules and procedures for exchange and for cancellations, refunds shall depend on your order, from where they on under armour shopping access.
Further information on the directives that we are for a particular appointment apply, see the directives in the section on the after-sales service and additional on the website on which local E-commerce-bedingungen your order has abandoned are listed.
(I) conflict between conditions; law
Where these conditions for the conditions, under armour shopping contradict these conditions for under armour shopping and apply to their orders with priority under armour and the use of shopping under armour it shopping.
Where these conditions under armour for the terms of the local shopping website on which your appointment has abandoned, the conditions of the local website contradict priority and apply to their orders in under armour and the use of shopping under armour it shopping.
In residence in south korea: the contracting party of under armour for shopping is under korea, under armour amour ltd.
They must at least 14 years of age to under armour. to use shopping
If they are aged between 14 and 18, can you or your legal representative according to under the contract of sale, if you cancel amour shopping completed such a contract of sale did not legal representative.
In resident in turkey: some of the in this annex a listed: E-commerce-bedingungen ua shopping does not relate to turkish users from our turkish distributor (Ua-kleidung doğuş PERAKENDE ve tic. doğuş Perakende Satış Giyim Aksesuar
A.ş.) http: / / www.underarmour.com.tr to acquire them.
Turkish users who-for http: / / shopping, applies only to the conditions, www.underarmour.com.tr where users have agreed and under turkish law are valid.
- In case of conflict or inconsistency between the conditions laid down in annex a, ua shopping and conditions of the, the, or the Transaktionsleitfadens Distanzvereinbarung the conditions of the Vorinformationsformulars Transaktionsleitfadens or the (depending on the case Distanzvereinbarung Vorinformationsformulars) shall have priority over the contradictory or inconsistent conditions in annex a: ua shopping.
- We'll send you a confirmation in their appointed after the transaction is included Ua-kleidung
Another Rechnungsadresse-you can for the state than in the Ausgabebank credit card for orders at http: / / Rechnungsadresse www.underarmour.com.tr.
Ua-kleidung-if we are not in their send, so we will place of delivery by e-mail to inform you that a shipment is not possible. in their place of delivery
- Distanzvereinbarung is the supply of their products in accordance with within thirty (30) days.
- Transaktionsleitfaden, and they have under Distanzvereinbarung fourteen (14) Vorinformationsformular days, with a view to terminate and penalties to avoid. Distanzvereinbarung
- Advertised or as prices and data were offered special offer these products and other associated with special offers and / or purchases already incurred in the processing of transactions http: / / we are not changed. www.underarmour.com.tr
In resident in canada: otherwise, in the notwithstanding any conditions or the specific conditions of this annex a, shall apply to any dispute resulting from purchases of with a on the canadian under Ua-kleidung Visa-kreditkarte shows that this regardless of the conflict of laws rules Armour-website the under canadian law is.
In residing in indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, in singapore, or in thailand:, irrespective of any otherwise provided in the conditions or the specific conditions of this annex a shall apply to any dispute resulting from purchases of with a visa or on the Ua-kleidung Mastercard-kreditkarte under for malaysia, the philippines Armour-website, singapore, thailand and indonesia shows that this is regardless of the conflict of laws rules under canadian law.
(J) product descriptions and prices
Under armour shopping as closely as possible to be tried.
Yet we can not ensure that product descriptions, photographs, videos and other produktrelevante content on applicable, under armour shopping total full, reliable, up-to-date or sound.
When under armour product is his description is not the only remedy their is that it return to a refund to obtain ungebraucht.
Despite our efforts, in individual articles indicate a false price.
Right if the price of a higher than that of article under armour sold us, we will price indicated it in our judgment, either to contact to receive instructions from them before we make transit or their appointment and above the cancellation. cancel contact
Under armour on prices do in their shopping Ortswährung.
(K) changes
Please note that we are in accordance with applicable right through under armour or offered for sale, were shopping advertised prices or specifications of those goods and content that matches under armour or Aktionsangebote shopping are available, from time to time without prior notice or liability towards them or another person to change.
