Conditions
Welcome to facebook.
Summary facebook to products integrated in language and find you here, Messaging- Videoanrufdiensten further information, which here and a Vertragszusammenfassung in accordance with the european code of electronic communications are required.
Facebook technologies and services, with whose help people together, communities and businesses are connect you.
This conditions your use of facebook, rules and other products offered us by messenger, features, services, technologies and of us apps, put the software (or products), except if Facebook-produkte we explicitly declare that separate (not) are. these conditions
These products are you facebook provided ireland limited.
We calculate you nothing for the use of facebook or other products and services for which the conditions of use.
Instead pay us companies and organisations to ensure that we have advertisements for their products and services show.
By using our products do you agree that we may show you advertisements in our view for you and your with relevant interests.
We use your personal data, in order to determine which advertisements we show you.
We sell your personal data not advertisers information that you and we will immediately identify (for example, your name, your email address or other contact information), only with your express consent to advertisers on.
Against advertisers can indicate what their target group, for example, advertisements driver.
We show this show then those people who may be interested.
Advertisers we are reports on the performance of their advertisements to illustrate, available as users interact with their content.
For details you drop in section 2 below.
Our Datenrichtlinie explains how we use to collect your personal data and some of you and all other described below should be shown advertising to provide services.
In your settings you can always your in terms of our data. use your check Privatsphäre-einstellungen
1 we provide services
Our mission is to allow individuals, communities to form, and the world closer together.
Mission forward to this, we are described below you the products and services ready:
Personalisiertes experience: we are you a ready your experience on facebook differs from that of all other users: from the contributions, stories, events, and other content which you in advertisements news feed or on our somerset see up to the from you and may you used other pages subscribed functions, such as marketplace, and search. Topaktuell
To personalize your experience, to let us use the available to us-for example, on data from you, options and preferences, the compounds produced you choose, and what you on our products and outside these do.
We connect you with persons and entities which you are important: we'll help you in the process of individuals, groups, companies, organisations, etc., which you are important to you used to find and you with them to Facebook-produkten.
Using the data available to us to you and other proposals-for example, for entry into groups, participation in events, or by sending messages to the subscription pages, the reputation of shows and persons who you as a friend in may / add like.
By stronger links created better communities.
Therefore, we believe that our services are most if persons with persons, groups and entities linked to interest you.
We give you the way you express and you about things that you are important exchange: you have many ways for you on facebook with friends, family members and express and others about the things that you exchange are important-for example, by you, photos, videos and stories Status-updates on the square, you used a / s messages to Facebook-produkte friend / in person or persons, put events or groups or content to your profile hinzufügst erstellst.
We have also created new opportunities-and develop further new solutions, as people can use technologies, for example, to and augmented reality and 360º-video content on facebook to prepare ausdrucksstärkere ansprechendere and parts.
We'll help you, content, products and services to discover that interest you could show you advertisements, and other content to sponsored offers to help you, content, products and services to discover by many companies and organisations, the facebook and other benefits. Facebook-produkte
In section 2 below, this is specified.
We combat harmful conduct and protect and support our community: persons can only on facebook when they are communities feel safe.
We employ special teams and develop advanced technical systems throughout the world to abuse our products, harmful behavior toward others and situations in which we may uncover can contribute to our community to support and protect.
Such content when we know we will or behaviour, take appropriate measures, for example, when we provide assistance, content, remove the access to certain features suspend an account or contact with law enforcement authorities to ship. disable
We share data with other, if we abuse or Facebook-unternehmen harmful conduct labelled by a person uses one of our products.
We use and develop advanced technologies for safe and operational services for all: we provide benefits and develop advanced technologies, including systems for artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented reality-so that people our products or their geographical location, irrespective of their physical capacity will benefit.
Helps Sehbehinderung people with such technology, for example, to understand what or who in photos or videos can be seen on facebook or shared instagram.
We are also advanced network and communications technology, in order to allow more people in areas with restricted access can connect to the internet.
Also develop other automated systems to improve our way we and dangerous activities abusive our community and the integrity of our products could damage, to identify and remove.
We explore ways to improve our services: we are research in order to develop our products to test and improve.
Including that we analyse data that we have on our users and an understanding of how people use our products, for example by surveys, tests and we for new functions perform. Problembehebungen
Our Datenrichtlinie explains how we data for these research to our services should be developed and optimised.
Seamless experiences we are consistent and on all products of our products will help you in ready: Facebook-unternehmen you important individuals, groups, undertakings, organisations etc. to find and to connect you with them.
We are making our systems so that your experience on the various products used the from you, consistently and seamless. Facebook-unternehmen
For example, we use data on the persons with whom you on facebook to you all to facilitate interagierst you with them in the messenger to connect. or instagram
Also we provide you, via the messenger with a company to communicate that you have subscribed to on facebook.
We allow a global access to our services, so that we can conduct, we have our global service content and data in our computer centres and around the world save and distribute systems, including in countries outside of the country in which you live.
This infrastructure can of facebook, inc., facebook ireland limited or their associated companies operated or control.
2. financing of our services
Instead paying, facebook and the other of us products and services can be, do you by using the for which this usage conditions applicable, Facebook-produkte agree, that we may show you advertisements which highlight within and outside the products we are paid by enterprises and organisations Facebook-unternehmen.
We use your personal data, such as information about your activities and interests, for you to show the relevant for you advertisements.
The protection of privacy and data of persons was central in the way in which our Werbesystems.
That means that we can show you relevant ads and helpful without advertisers know who you are.
We sell your personal data.
Advertisers we give the possibility to us, for example, what you is and what sort of business objective (for example, to see their target group advertisements persons aged 18 to 35 years for cycling interest).
We show the people then advertisement could be interested in.
Advertisers moreover, we are reports on the performance of their advertisements available, so that they gain insight, as persons with their content in and outside of facebook interact.
Advertisers demographic and we are, for example, general information (for example, that a ready interessenbezogene advertisement of a woman aged between 25 and 34 years, which lives in madrid and in software development, was considered), interested in helping them to their target group understanding.
We share no information from which you can be directly identified (information such as your name or your e-mail address, taken in isolation, can be used to contact you directly to identify), and unless you are, the explicit consent to. erteilst
Here tell you more about the functioning of Facebook-werbeanzeigen.
We raise and benefits to your personal data described above provide services for you.
Datenrichtlinie our i let you know how we collect your data and benefits.
Thou have control for the types of advertisements and you can see, and on what advertisers types of information we use to determine which advertisements we show you.
More.
Your commitments to facebook and our community.
We see to it and other such services ready to our mission.
In return, it is necessary that you the following commitments horses:
Who can use facebook
When people behind their opinions and acts is our community is safer and more accountable.
Therefore you must do the following:
The same name you use in their everyday lives do.
Accurate and correct information about you provide.
Only one account (your own) provide for personal use and your chronicle.
Password required not to disclose any other access to your facebook account grant or your account to someone else not transferred (without our consent.
Facebook trying to fully and for all to make available.
Facebook, you must not use if following pattern:
You're under 13 years old.
You're a convicted sex offenders.
We got your account previously for infringement of our conditions or directives disabled.
You according to current legislation the reception our products, services, or software prohibited.
What you on facebook parts and can do
We want people to express itself and take advantage of facebook to share content they are important.
This must not be at the expense of safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community are carried out.
But therefore you you not described below to participate (or other practices in to encourage or support):
You must not use our products, to do something or to share, to the following pattern:
Infringes this, our community standards or other conditions of use conditions and directives that for your use of facebook.
It is illegal, fraudulent or misleading discriminatory.
It violates the rights of another person or is against, for example, their intellectual property rights.
You mustn't viruses or harmful or do something that code upload the proper operation of our products and i want to prevent overloading or could affect.
Do (without our prior consent) not by automated methods at our products, such data access data collected or try to access data for which you do not have. access authorisation
Content we can against these rules, removal or block.
We you shared content of an infringement of our community standards, we will remove you and inform you explain what you've got, a further review opportunities to request, unless you have significant or repeated infringements of this usage conditions or for us on our part may breach notification or other to lead our community legal liability damage, the integrity or the operation of our services, systems or products or disrupt, or we will affect due to technical constraints prevented from, or we are for legal reasons, be prohibited.
In support of our community we encourage you to report of content or practices for your view your rights, including intellectual property rights) hurt or against our conditions and directives rejected.
Your content, services or information we can also remove or restrict access to this when we see that this reasonable is required to legal or regulatory negative impact on facebook to avoid or reduce.
This erteilst you ratings
We need to provide our services ratings from you certain:
Rating concerning the use of you up and shared content: some content that you shared or facebook page, photographs or videos, are, for example, possibly by laws to protect the intellectual property protection.
You're the holder of the copyright or intellectual property rights (e.g. trademarks) any content that you and on facebook and the other of erstellst you used products. Facebook-unternehmen square
No part of this failed you on your own content conditions legal rights.
You can give your content up to with other parts, wherever you like.
Services so that we can provide, it is necessary to have some legal consents (as " licence ' means) to use this content. erteilst
This is carried out solely to provide and improve our products and services, as defined in point 1 above.
Especially if you content that are protected by intellectual property, or in conjunction with our products, square, or you'll clean us a facebook page, postest, transferable, and nicht-ausschließliche unterlizenzierbare, your license exempted global content (referred to in your settings), and Privatsphäre- App- to use to spread, hosten to modify, export, copying or to demonstrate publicly to translate and derived works of.
This means, for example, to have a photo on facebook, if you give it the right hand them to save, to copy, and to share with other (again in accordance with your settings); these may, inter alia, be our service or other service providers from you used support. Facebook-produkte
This licence ends when your content from our systems is deleted.
Content singly or you can all at the same time (by deletion of your account) delete.
More like your delete account can.
You can call a copy of your data before you download your account löschst.
A löschst, he is content if you to other users not anymore.
But it is possible that he elsewhere in our systems still exists if
Immediate cancellation due to technical limitations is not possible (in that case, your content within a maximum of 90 days after the deletion by you deleted);
Your content in accordance with this licence already covered by other was used and you don't have deleted (in this case this licence shall apply for as long, until the contents to be revoked); or
Immediate cancellation us in following measures would limit:
Investigation detection or illegal activities or violate our conditions and guidelines, such as for the detection or investigation of abuse of our products or systems);
Satisfy a legal requirement, such as retention of prove; or
Fulfil a requirement by a judicial or administrative a law enforcement authority or a public authority;
In such a case, the content is only as long as it is necessary for the purpose of maintaining underlying (the exact duration depends on the individual case ab).
In all cases above, this licence remain in place until the contents have been completely extinguished.
Consent to use your name, your and information about your acts with Profilbildes advertisements and sponsored content: you consent, your name and us erteilst your and information on actions that you profile picture on facebook have made, without any remuneration for you in addition to or in conjunction with advertisements, offered and other content to use, in which we sponsored show our products.
, For example, we can show you to your friends at a event or a page with interested are advertised " like " marked by a have established the brand pay us, that we show their advertisements on facebook.
Advertisements like this can only be seen by people, who have your permission from you on facebook acts performed to see.
Hear more of your settings and advertisements. your Werbepräferenzen
Rating updating the from you: if you used or downloaded software or using our software herunterlädst eligibility, where you erteilst available to download and install software updates.
Restrictions on the use of our intellectual property
Content if you do, by us of intellectual property rights are protected, and this in or on our products available do (for example, pictures, designs, provided us or sounds, you are of videos you on facebook), drawn up or shared content we retain all rights relating to hinzufügst this content (but not in your content).
Copyright do our (or similar) signs or marks if specifically through our only use is allowed or with our Markennutzungsrichtlinien prior written consent is.
Our written consent (or a you must under a free software license) to consent to source of us to change it to produce it to modify a work or any other kind of trying to dekompilieren him to extract.
Additional provisions.
Updating our conditions
We are continually working to improve our services and to the development of new functions to our products for you and for our community even better.
We these conditions, where appropriate, from time to time to update our services and practices and correctly reflect closely.
Changes we take only if the provisions is no longer applicable, or if you are incomplete, and only if the changes are reasonable for you and your interests dealt with appropriately.
We shall have you at least 30 days in advance of contact (e.g. by e-mail or on our products), before we changes to these years, unless the conditions of use changes are required by law.
You get it can verify the before they enter into force.
Updated conditions to enter into force as soon as, you're bound by it, if you continue to use our products.
We hope that you will continue to use our products.
But if you don't accept our conditions of use and no longer updated to include your account, can you want Facebook-gemeinschaft at any time delete.
Suspension or termination of accounts
Facebook we want is a place in which people welcome and about to be safe and to share their thoughts and ideas.
If we find that you obviously, serious or repeated infringements of our conditions or directives, including in particular against our standards drive away, can we have your account temporarily or permanently disable access to this lock.
We can also lock your account if you repeatedly or disable the intellectual property rights of other persons injured or for legal reasons, we are committed.
Should we take such action, inform you accordingly and explain what scope you have you for an assessment to request, unless the notification on our part may for us or others to lead our community legal liability damage, the integrity or operate any of our services, systems or products or disrupt or we will affect by technical restrictions or it is prevented from us for legal reasons, be prohibited.
You can hear more about them, what you can do if your account has been deactivated, and how you can contact us when we for your opinion your account mistakenly. disabled
If your account or we disable this end löschst as agreement between you and us conditions, but the following provisions remain exist: 3.3.1, 4.2 to 4.5.
Liability limits
None of that is our responsibility for our negligence by conditions caused / n death, personal injury or fraudulent or restrict or exclude before your legal rights.
In making our products and services for you and for the maintenance of a safe, secure, and let's go with the necessary care require sound environment.
Vocational meticulousness with if we are, we make no responsibility for losses, not by a breach of these conditions on our part or otherwise through our actions is due to losses of you and us at the time of this agreement under normal circumstances, could not have anticipated conditions of use, and for events outside our reasonable control.
Disputes
We try to provide clear rules, so that we disputes between you and us limit or possible avoided.
Should still dispute arise, it will from the outset to know where this can not be resolved and what laws apply.
Consumer are if you and your permanent residence in a member state of the european union have apply the laws of this member state for any claim or dispute you with us Klagegegenstand did and by these conditions or from or in connection with returns (" Facebook-produkten entitled ").
You could use your right before any court in this member state for the right to clarify is responsible.
In all other cases do you agree that the claim before a competent court in ireland is to clarify and that this right subject to conditions of use and any claim irish and irrespective of kollisionsrechtliche provisions.
Other
These conditions (formerly the " declaration of the rights and obligations ') shall be the whole agreement between you and on your facebook ireland limited use of our products.
They replace all previous agreements.
Some of us products are also subject to additional conditions.
Uses you get when you such products the possibility of supplementary, which will form part of our agreement to accept conditions with you.
If you, for example, for industrial or business purposes on our products, for example, for the uses and zugreifst advertisements to book to sell products, to develop a group or apps for your company to manage our side or to take advantage, you've got our terms Messungsdienste for commercial use agree.
Content postest or if you, the music, you must contain square law. our Musik-richtlinien
Where any supplementary in conflict with these conditions of use are conditions shall apply additional exploitation conditions in the scope of the opposition.
Should conditions for any part of this considered unenforceable so bleiben die übrigen bestimmungen fully effective and enter into force.
The provisions of this failure on our part, is not a. conditions of use impose Rechtsverzicht
Any amendment to the conditions or the loss of these must be in writing and of us be signed.
No under this do you legal rights or none of you's conditions duties without our consent to neuron.
You can designate a person (the so-called) which your account managed Nachlasskontakt if the Gedenkzustand is put.
Only Nachlasskontakt or a person you your in a valid or similar document that will clear your consent to the disclosure of your content on death or in calls called, is the inability of your account, after disclosure request in the transferred. Gedenkzustand
Third Begünstigungsrechte. not any grant these conditions
All rights and obligations under this that we have with us under conditions of a merger, acquisition, of a sale of assets or by operation of law or otherwise free abtretbar.
You should know that we might in certain circumstances the username for your account must change (for example, if someone else the username claims no relation to the name of this seems to have you in daily life do).
If so, tell you in advance about and explain the reasons.
We always look forward to your feedback as well as other proposals concerning our products and services.
You should know, however, that these / s without any restriction or commitment to a compensation for you can use and that we are not obliged to these / s confidential.
5 other may be for you and conditions applicable directives
Standards: these directives on the content, and the explain our standards you on facebook, as well as your activities on facebook postest and other Facebook-produkten.
Conditions for commercial use, those conditions apply when you our products also for commercial or business purposes, including advertising, running a app on our platform, use of our services for measurements, management of a group or side for a company or sale of goods or services, uses or for you. for this zugreifst
Werberichtlinien: these directives shall set out the types of partners on the Facebook-produkten Werbeinhalten of, are permitted. campaign
Self-serve ads: terms of use for this if you advertising or other usage conditions applicable commercial activities or by using the content or sponsored for user interface, or auslieferst. Self-serve-werbung erstellst einreichst
Directives pages, for groups and events: if you apply these directives, a facebook page group or or event, or if you erstellst verwaltest uses to a facebook to communicate and organize. Marketingmaßnahme
Facebook-plattform-richtlinien: these directives, which shall lay down the rules for the use of our platform (e.g. for developers or operator, or if you or a Plattform-app -website social plugins do).
Payment terms for the developers: those conditions apply to developers of applications, facebook payments benefit.
Community-zahlungsbedingungen: those conditions apply to payments on or on facebook are carried out.
Handelsrichtlinien: these directives, which shall determine the arrangements apply if you on facebook products and services for sale. anbietest
Facebook-markenressourcen: these directives, which shall lay down the rules for the use of logos, and storage, storage Facebook-marken screenshots.
Musik-richtlinien: these directives, which shall determine the arrangements apply if you content with music on facebook or square. postest
Live-richtlinien: these directives apply to all content, to facebook are transmitted live.
Messaging-dienste for users in terms of use for the eu, in the eea and the united kingdom are relevant: the terms of use for the Facebook-produkten, voice and contained apply are Messaging- Videoanruf-dienste here and here in accordance with the rules below.
Date of last revision: 20 december 2020
