Conditions
Effective as from 5 february 2020
This (the " agreement ') is conditions a legal agreement between them (" you ") and health, flo inc., a company resident in delaware (" company, " " we " or " us ") on the use of mobile route, the web site (fem flo Ⓡ and), the (flo.health reg.flo.health) (" courses " Kurs-internetseite courses.flo.health) server by the administration be used on these servers are stored computer files, and all the related services, functions and content that are offered by the company (as the " app "). in
That agreement was not with apple, inc., one of its subsidiaries, google, inc., one of its subsidiaries or any other company, if applicable, completed.
1. support for the conditions
Please read this agreement carefully.
By build an account or the app access or use, they will know that they accept and agree that they are linked to the terms of this agreement.
This if you do not agree with, you must not on conditions the app access or use.
We can change this agreement at their own discretion.
We will by e-mail or on the app contact or by giving them a new version of this agreement to when we will adopt changes, their rights to a significant change.
Through its continued use of app after the date of entry into force of an updated version of the agreement confirm that they accept the modified agreement.
Disclaimer to medical services.
Licensed MEDIZINDIENSTLEISTER and the company is not replaced no professional medical advice and is app not intended to any complaints to diagnose diseases or medical, to treat or to cure or as or to serve. contraceptive method of contraception
Please from a trained doctor or other qualified health workers before they take decisions or measures are taken that their health and safety or their families or their fetus could affect.
Disregard never medical advice and they waver medical advice, just because you never something in connection with the app have read.
Talk with your doctor if you are always questions or concerns for their health and their status, or your condition or their health situation changed.
If medical emergency, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room.
We accept no liability for errors or omissions or unintended technical or made available in the inaccuracies typo materials, as well as the ethical or moral standards that violation of any in their community for sexual education and related materials.
. Application and authorisation
App to to use it may be necessary, that they have ") account (account shall prepare or update and that are asked to indicate certain personal information, including their names, their gender, their date and their email address.
This information is in line with our privacy policy which they shall stored and used flo.health / de /? = en " (locale data protection rules ") can find. privacy statement
You agree that the companies provide correct and complete information and that this information immediately, if you change. update
To set up an account and on the access, they must at least app 13 years old in the eu (16 years old) and have must not, by law by the use of the app be excluded.
If you are under 18 years old, is a parent or a guardian of the terms of this agreement and agreed, and read them using the app, use confirm that a parent or guardian and you read this agreement has agreed.
We reserve the right, at their discretion, the availability of certain features of the app for users under 18 years of college.
They use the app.
Any content that they enter through the application by the privacy statements of the company / de /? locale = flo.health data protection rules set. de
Any discrepancy between this agreement and if it is, the company's the privacy statements conditions.
If you answer a question or's are you alone for their own communications, the consequences of the publication of these communications and their confidence in all communications in the public sector responsible.
Licensor the company and its are not for the consequences of any communications in the public areas responsible.
If you feel threatened or believe that another person is in danger, immediately contact your local law enforcement agencies.
If you think that you have a medical emergency, call your doctor immediately or. 911
App as a condition for the use of these and you agree, this app for purposes not by this agreement.
Are for all of their activities in connection with the responsible and shall refer to all local app, public, national and international laws and regulations and any directives applicable up.
They agree that this agreement if they significantly damage it one of the following acts carry out and agree that you do not do.
A. sell, rent, the app, a lease grant or otherwise divulge Unterlizenz the rights to the app transferred;
As amend, modify or disassemble dekompilieren app;
C. flipboard without the written authorization of the company, change, modify, adapt copy or derivatives; create translate
D. other persons using the app, including the joint use of a permit in accordance with the terms of this agreement, except network connection;
E. technological functions or activities of the app for protecting intellectual property or circumvent disable;
F. flipboard in conjunction with any device or service, or use the programme for developed technology activities to circumvent the access to or the rights to a data set or other work are there to control under the laws of any jurisdiction on copyright protection.
This also applies to such tests.
G. flipboard benefit or access them to collect data in a form from a competitor or service used; or
H. your account to commercial advertising indicate to market or to transfer including, or repeated messages to other Kettenbriefe Junk-e-mail persons;
I. your account to use illegal practices involved;
J. communications which the rights of a party or restrict to violate upload transferred;
K. upload, all media, abuse, abusive images or content message of hatred, obscenity, pornography, sexually or other material strong material under the laws and regulations on civil or criminal liability can lead or otherwise in this agreement or privacy statements of the company comes into conflict; or
L. upload, the material or other computer codes, files or programmes Software-viren contains developed around the functionality of software or this website to interrupt, to destroy or control.
Prohibited use has any such an immediate end their capacity to use the app led to.
Privacy of children and age limits.
We are committed to the privacy to protect children.
You should be aware that this app not for children under 13 years is intended or developed.
We collect no personal data of persons for whom we know that it is children under 13 years old.
If they are citizens of the european union, they must at least 16 years of age to the app to use.
In law, it is prohibited, we will allow citizens of the european union under the age of 16 years of age, not to use the app.
They must be aged 18 to command functions be able to use the app (e.g. some courses, content or in secret chats). topics
If you know someone who is not with any such restrictions is, please contact us in support and we take steps @ flo.health the account delete or to block.
Control the export and economic sanctions.
Software which is, where applicable, the app supported laws and regulations on the control of exports and Re-export, including the export administration (" ear), regulations administered by the united states, trade and ministry of commerce economic sanctions, administered by office of foreign assets control (OFAC " "), the ministry of finance and the international traffic in arms regulations (" "), managed by u.s. state department.
You explain and stress that they (1) not in a country or a region life / the american government, and is subject to an embargo (2) are not the forbidden in the categories listed above regulations are indicated.
You agree, all of us and foreign laws and regulations to export to meet in order to ensure that neither the app nor any related technical data or it directly or indirectly, in a direct product of such laws and regulations violation or using for such laws and regulations prohibited purposes. exported or re-exportiert
Limited licence for the app.
We give them a personal, non-transferable and, worldwide, it consists in the app non-exclusive license for personal and non-commercial purposes in accordance with the terms of this agreement and to use for accessing it.
All right, title and interests in the app, which in this agreement does not explicitly be granted are the companies only.
Software if they are, title, the hallmark brand name, logo, and the domain names, Dienstleistungsmarke / or other identification of the company with marked or other content that the company Markeneigenschaften belong to use, they must obtain a written authorisation of the company.
Berechtigungsanfragen can support @. flo.health sent
To any doubts to avoid owns all the texts, images, photos, videos, audio, and all other types of data and location data communications, which the company in connection with the app produced and made available to including visual interactive functions, interfaces, graphics, design, sets and preparing all evaluations of working with user content and all other elements and components of Nutzerbeiträgen app, excluding (as defined). standing down Nutzerinhalte
Unless explicitly and clearly here, we have allowed grant no explicit or tacit rights, and all rights within and on the app and the content of the company shall remain with us.
8 licence Nutzerinhalt
Flipboard allows you to personal notes is their stories to share content items or content to produce (including hochzuladem public areas such as the secret) and certain information in the chat (" app "), recorded Nutzerinhalt
They retain all rights in any that you in the app Nutzerinhalt items, parts or record.
By Nutzerinhalte, (a) provide the app give the company a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide license, their Nutzerinhalte unterlizensierbare exempted in connection with the provision or operation of the app and related services and for publicity purposes in accordance with the use of copying to privacy policy change publicly to show public is present, to produce them in derived works from other works, should be amended to integrate new format and disseminate (e.g. by the presentation on our website, within the app, on social media, on every platform on the internet website or that we see fit); and (b) they agree, the company and its sister company, directors and senior staff and employees value to hold and of any claim or expenditure, including by the media and Anwaltsgebüren / or your failure to observe the terms of this agreement exempt.
The company reserves the right to any prior to the submission to the app Nutzerinhalt to review and at their own discretion, at any time without prior notification and from any reason to media device.
9 use at their own risk
Our aim is that certain health information for you more accessible and useful.
The app can, however, no health improvements or results promises and does not do that.
They use the app and whatever information predicted or in the proposals to be made available, shall be made on app peril.
We offer no assurance or guarantee of any kind on the accuracy of the data, information, or predict that we on the assessments available, and they vote app to and understand that the app is not intended, medical or scientific advice to comply with the same purpose or to serve as a medical or scientific equipment.
Disclaimer for use by minors.
Information not to sexual behaviour or encourage the app sexual activity of any kind between minors and lead and encourage this not judge and the content of the communication to a specific person.
All the information available within the app are alone for general education thought.
We examine carefully any material that we people between 13 and 17 years of age on the app available to inadequate or harmful content to be avoided.
We understand that moral and ethical rules that define which information on sexuality for minors are accessible from country to country.
We have neither the intention nor publish content or clear content that we are in a different way, according to the applicable law can be harmful to minors.
We seek in an appropriate manner to ensure that all materials of us in the available only on app factual and scientifically correct.
Please note that individual ethical views about what is harmful, offensive or for minors can deviate from the requirements for the content defined according to the applicable law may be accessible to minors.
Subscriptions.
Flo Premium-abonnement.
The mobile app, which provides the Premium-abonnement them access to additional functions granted, as by scientific data from Periodenvorhersagen algorithms are improved, on their symptoms and personalised information tools to physical and based Zyklusphasen emotional pattern, and comprehensive, which your doctor given Gesundheitsberichte.
Subscriptions contain a free some of our, in which it the mobile application Probephase without costs could be used.
Subscriptions Probephase renew automatically with a free to a paid subscription, as soon as the Probephase expires.
While a paid subscription before we want to log out according to calculate costs, they must be the method of payment before the subscription end expires. Probephase
We provide monthly and annual. Abonnementoptionen
Their credit / debit card is on its google play with the is an undue burden or itunes-konto after they are for any of the subscriptions and purchase have confirmed their decided.
Not disabled, provided that the automatic renewal shall be automatically renewed unless they toll subscriptions this function in the section " manage " in their subscriptions. disable account options
We notify you, if the price of a subscription is increased contact and, if necessary, in their desire to continue.
The amount shall not be more than 24 hours prior to the start of the latest paid calculated. Abonnementlaufzeit
Courses.
We offer courses for 1 month, 3 months or as Abonnementoptionen 1 year.
Their credit / debit card is on a stripe of inc, with the stripe Zahlungsplattform is an undue burden after they are for one of the firm and its purchase. Abonnementoptionen confirmed
Understand them and say explicitly agree that all payments and financial transactions on stripe be phased out.
Do stripe on and / or your account no transactions with stolen or unauthorised credit cards carried out.
Payer subscriptions will be automatically renewed unless the automatic extension was disabled until the subscription is cancelled, by our support in contact. @ Supportteam flo.health
We notify you, if the price of a subscription is increased contact and, if necessary, in their desire to continue.
To reimbursement request or in other problems with the payment of the courses, please contact our support under Supportteam @ flo.health.
Flo Telehealth + premium subscription.
Mobile application, the premium + only his american. users Telehealth subscription
+ Telehealth is subject to separate the premium subscription conditions.
Please read it carefully before taking a subscription finish.
Secret chats.
Flo chat is a secret that specific function of app enables users, a number of different issues in the field with each other about women's health and their comfort to discuss.
Nutzerkommentare all in the secret are anonymous. chat posted
Delete account, if you remain your comments to the secret chats visible. Nutzerinnen
Secret chats if they do not use:
Harassing rude,,,,, intolerant, discriminatory insulting provocative, political, religious, racist or homophobic offensive comments and contributions published;
Insulting obscene, violent,,,, sexually abusing clear laws pornographic or any other material (including links to images such materials), the applicable law and regulations in item is prohibited or otherwise this agreement comes into conflict.
Medical advice or claim to be, a medical Fachperson
Any products or services apply.
Other prohibited acts as defined in the rules of conduct secret chats are defined.
We reserve the right, at their own discretion: any inappropriate or comments or materials to delete irrelevant comments; personal data as name, address or message, to remove or change; their access to the secret chats at any time and without notice to restrict or prohibit, if we find that content or the use of secret chats against this agreement is, discussions, comments and materials to be used, copying, modification, to postpone change public and disseminate; to show your comments from any reasons to block or to moderate, so we consider it appropriate, the secret at all times and without prior notice chat to block.
Information in the secret shall not be as chats posted advice, or to be considered. Medikamentenverschreibung Behandlungsvorschlag
If it concerns about its health contact qualified healthcare professional immediately.
Please note that our health workers, and their no Nutzerinnen advice not only wrong but also harmful to their health and their welfare may be.
Learn in our rules of more about the rules that secret chats for communication in the secret chats.
The rules are an integral part of the secret chat agreement.
By accept the agreement, will you accept the rules of the secret chats.
In widest by applicable law (including, but not limited to the communications decency act of 1996) allowed amount not accept responsibility for the company takes any direct or indirect consequences by information materials generation, of left and posted, any actions or users of the users, injuries and rights applicable NICHTHANDLUNGEN rules.
Passwords.
They are responsible for all reasonable steps to take to ensure that no unauthorised person and their access to their documents. App-passwörtern App-konto
Alone it is your responsibility, (1) the dissemination and exploitation of, user name and password to control Login-namens; (2) the access to and the use of the password to authorize, to monitor and App-konto and to control; (3) the company immediately contact if they believe that their account or your password, or another reason it has been compromised is from which they password must disable.
Send us an email to support @ flo.health.
They shall allow the companies and all other person or entity, the operational this involved, the right to app their information in connection with the operation of the app to transfer to monitor, store and to use. available
The company does not responsibility or liability for any information they indicate or for their use or their misuse of information or use or abuse of information by third parties, associated with the use of app transferred or received.
Disclaimer.
Monitored and the company operates the app of different locations from and does not provide assurance that the app for the use on all suitable sites available. or for
Flipboard or certain functions could on their premises are not available or vary depending on location.
The app, " as it is " and " how " available made available without any explicit or implicit representation or guarantees, including but not limited to the implicit,, the means of the title Nicht-verletzung for a specific purpose and marketability of the suitability and any guarantees by a business or implies, all of which are explicitly excluded commercial practice, except by the law in force necessary.
The company and its managers, employees, agent, representative, suppliers, partners and providers do not guarantee that: (a) the app at a given date or at a fixed location is safe or available; (b) any shortcomings or errors be corrected; (c) any content or software free of viruses or other harmful components; (d) the results of using the app meet their requirements.
They use the app exclusively at their peril; or (e) the accuracy, reliability or the content of the texts, of completeness, the software, the graphics and images by third parties in the notifications or on the app, including chats, be made available.,
Some states allow / countries no restrictions on, so that the above implied guarantees restrictions may not apply to them.
Limitation of liability.
Under any circumstances, the company, its directors, shall be liable, representatives, employees or subsidiaries, advertisers, special, accidental or for indirect DATENPROVIDER sequelae or (including, but not limited to compensation, or because of) loss NUTZUNGSAUSFALL GEWINNVERLUST, illicit activities (including, but VERTRAGSHANDLUNGEN not limited to), and others which BILLIGKEITSRECHT negligence by using the app created or in any way associated with.
Under no circumstances will the liability of the company, due to these conditions or the use or the impossibility of using the app is or in any way that is connected, the sum to the companies exceed to use the app have paid or 100 dollars ($ 100), if they exceed the company to have not, depending on the case. commitments ZUTREFFENDEM
Some systems allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability, not so that the above restrictions may not apply to them.
The company or any third party in the app are mentioned, accept no liability for personal injuries, including deaths, by the use or misuse of the app to emerge.
The use of mobile devices.
Please note that the prices and fees of normal operator, such as text messages and still be calculated if Datengebühren the app on a mobile device benefit.
Third services.
The app can you access to links to the websites, apps or other products and services (services) third give third.
The company controls the services in any way and is not therefore third liability in relation to the services of third parties.
Corresponding they must take steps to assess whether the access to services, and for their third appropriate personal information and their privacy in the use of services and support necessary to protect third agreements.
Their reaction.
We welcome their reaction to the app.
Unless differently apply any notifications given or publish than on base to App-stores nicht-vertraulicher.
You agree that we such content at their own discretion able to publish.
You agree to authorise such content to use, free of charge revisions, revisions and amendments contextual modifications or carry out other changes, to carry out we deem appropriate.
Vollzugsbefugnisse.
We are not obliged to access or use the app to monitor.
We reserve the right, however, for the purpose of this operation and maintenance of the app, to ensure that they comply with this agreement and to comply with applicable legal requirements.
We illicit activities and in law enforcement authorities may report with a valid legal procedures law enforcement authorities cooperate in order to users to matters which break the law.
We reserve the right, but are not obliged to), at its discretion without notice at any time and content that was posted in the app to remove or to disable access to app, at their own discretion when we find that their content or their use of the app is inadmissible or against this agreement).
The company is to users of the app or other persons or no liability or responsibility for the implementation of Rechtskörpern or the above activities. Nicht-durchführung
20 amendments to the app
From time to time and without prior warning we can change or improve. app extend
We may also at any time the holding or part of the whole set of specific functions or selective app app disabled.
They use the app no right to the continuous gives them provision and availability of the app.
Any modification or cancellation of the app is according to our own or certain functions and absolute and without further commitments or guarantees discretion to them have been performed.
Damages.
You agree, the company, its managers, directors, employees, representatives, and suppliers of claims against any and licensees, acts and entitlement to protect and to guarantees and compensation, including, but not value to keep limited to appropriate legal and consultancy costs, and from any breach of this agreement result or allegedly result.
Miscellaneous.
Any disputes from this agreement shall be subject to the law of the state of california without regard to its provisions. kollisionsrechtlichen
Sole and exclusive jurisdiction for steps or procedures which from this agreement or in connection with their emergence is a competent heads of state or based in san francisco in federal court state of california and the parties on their respective rights to waive unconditionally. SCHWURGERICHTSVERFAHREN
Itself with any claim they use the app linked, must within a year (1) are collected after entitlement occurred. or proper charges
If a competent court for some reason, any scheme or a part of this agreement as unenforceable, this scheme until the maximum is at the intention of this agreement and in accordance with the rest of the agreement be enforced, and retains its full validity.
A printed version of this agreement is in judicial or administrative operations be allowed.
A renunciation of the firm on any provision in this condition or agreement shall not be considered as a further or permanent absence of such a provision or condition or as giving to any other destination or condition, and the failure of the company, a law or a directive through, this agreement does not waiving that right or this directive.
When a directive of this agreement for some reason, by a competent court or other competent authority on jurisdiction as invalid is considered illegal or not enforceable, such a directive removed or to the minimum necessary limited so that the other directives this agreement fully effective forever.
Termination should in all provisions in this agreement, which, according to their nature, even after the termination remain, even after the termination remain, including but not limited to, and be covered by disclaimers Eigentumsvorbehalte. liability limits
All claims between the parties to this agreement related to be individually negotiated and the parties are not eligible for special treatment claim or request, unless in advance in writing by the participants.
Services we can always refuse accounts close and change. Berechtigungserfordernisse
23 procedures for notification and removal
If you think that any materials on the or on the app accessible, copyright, it can hurt you remove these from the materials or the removal of the app (access to you on the app) by the company request contact and provide:
А.
Identification copyright plant whose them as injured reputation. copyright
Describe the work and provide, if possible, a copy of a work or authorised version an indication for, where this is to be found in the app (e.g. side of the app).
B. identification of the material, the copyright them as at and injured an indication of where it is to be found.
Describe material and make us his url or other equivalent information available that will allow us to locate, the material.
C. their name, address, telephone number and e-mail address (if available).
D. a declaration that it in good faith belief that use of the disputed by the owner of the copyright material not, his representative or the authorised is set.
E. a statement that the information you have given us is correct, and that they be punished with the owner of the copyright or perjury authorised, on behalf of the owner of the copyright to act.
F. signature or electronic equivalent of the holder of the copyright or an authorised representative.
Urheberrechtsinhabern to protect the rights of the company has a directive to in similar circumstances subscribers and from the side, the repeated exclude Kontobesitzer the right hurt.
Questions and comments
If you have any comments or questions on any part of the app or this, need help or conditions of use claims, contact us please support under @ flo.health.
