Gpl is to clarify the buyer the service (as in the conditions of use described below) for the purchases of the buyer and seller for charitable donations to on Google-marktplätzen available where they are non-profit organisations.
A list of the service assisted Google-marktplätze can be found here.
Google can, if necessary, updated, but all have market squares settled transactions are below in accordance with the market squares conditions processed.
For information on whether a particular product in a marketplace or not, you will find in the conditions of use of the product.
Conditions
28 march 2018
This buyer (" arrangement ') for conditions of use are a legally binding treaty between google payment ltd.,
A registered in england with the company based in new street 5 commercial registry number 05903713 square, london, united kingdom (" gpl Ec4a 3tw "), and (you). " buyer
You can on assistance at https: / / / payments by e-mail to ask gpl support.google.com.
Gpl is in the british financial services authority (financial conduct authority-" fca ') as with the number approved and shall be subject to electronic money institution for the relevant provisions. 900008
Gpl is a subsidiary of google international, llc (" google).
This organise their access to and their conditions of use use google payments.
The services are provided. described below gpl
Please read this agreement carefully before they accept and with the application to continue.
Google Payments-konto stored on your tender under the brand you can be shown, however, still subject to google pay if you this agreement in conjunction with the services described below shall be used.
By assent to the agreement to ensure that they at least 18 years old and have a legally binding treaty itself.
Print their agreement for their documents from or save them before they continue.
You can this agreement as described in clause 3 accept.
The agreement applies from the date of consent (" date of ").
1 definitions
For terms used in this agreement the following definitions apply:
" Account " means the, which will bring them. for gpl e-money accounts
" Agreement " means the conditions of use for this buyer.
" AISP " stands for " account information service provider and " means a payment service providers (not a gpl). Kontoinformationsdienst offers
This service is a years they consolidated information on one or more payment accounts, including their (" ")-account of E-geld-kontos can provide.
" Working day ' means a day, in which there is not a saturday, sunday or public holiday in the united kingdom.
" Statement of the mobile " is the process by which a payment to the gpl, so that on the mobile sends buyer for the account of the reckoning with the mobile is settled.
" Mobile ' means a mobile, an account of gpl approved for the statement of the mobile offering.
" Account for the statement of the mobile ' means the account for the regular, e.g. monthly-that the settlement of the mobile service register, and on the funding for it runs for certain financial transactions.
' Contents ' advice, opinions, statements, tenders, proposals and other information, the data on the service appropriate distributed bought or be paid.
" Customer ' is the natural or legal person who under the service as a buyer or seller logs.
" Disputes ' means all conflicts, disputes, comparisons and / or other conflicts between customers or third parties that in connection with the use of the service occur, but no. " " Dienststreitfall
" Electronic money " means an electronic value the following receipt of a payment of them spends gpl.
E-money is in the computer system of managed and responds to a request for its part, to gpl, which they can maintain gpl.
E-money is no assets.
" Tender " is a credit or debit card, an account for the statement of the mobile or any other means with them for the use of the service record.
Gpl use this means of payment for the provision of funds for the issuance of electronic money through the service, with the payment transactions and the for other purposes shall be settled is used.
" Payment transaction ' means the transaction that the gpl (i) the transfer of their tender to be initiated gpl Kaufbetrags (ii) an equal to the in it spends E-geld-betrag Kaufbetrags and (iii) the transfer of them to a seller, E-geld-betrag where they buy a product.
Google refers to google, llc, as well as its international subsidiaries and associated companies.
" Gpl-website " refers to a website or or a gpl with gpl Gpl-tochtergesellschaft related company.
" Software " and " we " (with its grammatical forms) is google payment limited.
" Authentication data is the generic term for the combination of the gpl for them and password Nutzername access to your account gives.
" Payment order ' means, depending on the context, (i) the order of the seller to the execution of a gpl of them, at the same time as the notification to authorised payment transaction through its authorisation, the purchase is gpl a of the gpl to initiate E-geld-betrags corresponds to, or of the payment transaction Kaufbetrag (ii) the command of the seller in to carry out an gpl refund.
" Product ' means all digital or physical goods and services which they on the service of a seller to acquire them.
" Kaufbetrag ' means an amount equal to the including all applicable taxes, fees, where appropriate, Produktpreises publications,.
" Recovery ' means a transaction in the gpl, it accounts for transferring and e-money seller afterwards on the service of the transfer of an equivalent amount Rückerstattungsfunktion on their tender initiated.
" Vendor ' means any natural or legal person, the service on the sale of products and to obtain from payment transactions used Kaufbeträgen
" Service ' means the, which is made available. E-geld-zahlungsdienst gpl
" Services " means all services by gpl under this agreement offered, including the service.
" Dienststreitfälle ' means all disputes, complaints, litigation comparisons and / or other conflicts between customers and gpl in connection with a contract or alleged alone by and a related infringement gpl errors in the provision of the service costs.
" Subsidiaries and associated companies ' means all economically with google related companies in the world.
" Unregulated service ' means a service provided by gpl, where it is not an in accordance with clause 10.1 (c) are E-geld-zahlungsdienst.
" They " (with its) and " buyer " grammatical forms shall relate to a person responsible for the use of the service requesting or to use or logs, more than one payment service already uses a product to buy.
" Your email address ' means the of them with the registration specified email.
Her relationship with gpl.
2.1 the use of the service is subject to this agreement.
2.2 unless otherwise specified, acquire them in the use of electronic money of which is directly gpl service after the acquisition payments to be performed. seller
2.3 gpl can not regulated services provide pursuant to this agreement;
Approval of the agreement.
3.1 to services set out in this agreement, they must be able to use this agreement first agree.
Agreement if they do not agree with the services not benefits.
3.2 the agreement is a final treaty between them and with respect to their use of the services gpl.
Read so please make sure that the agreement carefully.
Approval they agreed by the services in accordance with the terms of the agreement to use.
3.3 they may the agreement in different ways, accept:
(A) by clicking on the button to accept the agreement, provided that such a button in the user interface gpl offers.
(B) by the use of the services.
Explain aware in this case, agree that they use the gpl from that date as services acceptance of the agreement is examined.
3.4 if any of the following conditions is fulfilled, they can neither benefit nor the services of the agreement agree:
(A) they have the statutory minimum age at the end of a legally binding treaty with to use the program you tender for the use of services registered, not yet reached.
(B) the use of the services is them according to the law of the united states or any other country prohibits, including the country in which you residence is the services or benefits.
4 provision and language of the agreement
4.1 at login will tell you the agreement in the form provided. ausdruckbarer
Since the agreement where necessary supplemented and amended can be, they find each calendar version of the agreement on the website of gpl.
4.2 during the lifetime of the agreement the agreement they can demand.
In this case, a link to the agreement of your email address free sent.
4.3 the agreement shall be in german language and is also provided to them in english.
4.4 in contradictions between the german and english version of the agreement, the german version shall prevail.
Application for the service.
5.1 services in order to be able to use, they must be on the websites for the all the necessary information available to google Payments-anmeldung.
5.2 they must correspond to a valid tender register for the purchase of the electronic money can be used by the service.
5.3 the currency in a country with a Rechnungsadresse must be linked to the service is available.
5.4 they must current, complete and accurate information indicate and during the use of services for the timeliness and accuracy of this information resources.
As a prerequisite for the continued use of services or the beginning of the use of a new service by them or for determining whether them to use the services to continue to is of additional information be required gpl.
You agree, such information as in this context requires gpl to provide information, including those for the review of its identity or to confirm the authenticity of means of payment are necessary for the use with gpl registered.
6. the service by gpl
6.1 in some cases, the provision of services, wholly or partially by subsidiaries and affiliated companies, in the name of gpl action.
You note and accept that subsidiaries and related companies are entitled to the services available to them.
6.2 gpl leads to continual advances its users the best offer to provide.
They note and accept that gpl them at irregular intervals without prior notice a new service can provide.
The revised agreement, which we are them by introducing a new service is required, by e-mail or during the application on a link to the updated agreement available.
The revised mou as they can clause 3 described accept.
6.3 you note and accept that the gpl in this agreement provision of the services described for them can adapt.
You can use of those services at all times.
Gpl you must not inform if you use of those services.
6.4 you note and accept that gpl without prior notice general procedures and restrictions on the use of the services, in particular individual or pooled can bring in terms of the value or the Transaktionsbeschränkungen number during one or more periods of payment transactions.
6.5 gpl, the execution of payment transactions, payment orders or any other use of services refuse gpl a reason to believe, understandable that fraud or an infringement by it or the seller against the existing agreement or a law.
It may also happen that transactions delay because his duties under law gpl for combating money laundering must meet.
Delays may also happen when from the suspicion that the gpl to the respective transaction is fraud.
Gpl if the executing a payment transaction, or any other use of the services of a payment order, this can be reported where refused such a communication not illegal act by gpl or adequate safety measures would jeopardise.
6.6 you note and accept that she was a deactivation of the access to your account from gpl deactivation its can be prevented from, on the authentication data service, their or any files or other content into account details their account access.
7. use of the service it
7.1 they agree that services exclusively to use as follows:
(A) in accordance with the agreement
(B) in accordance with directives and restrictions on the services as gpl or a related undertaking at irregular intervals published and updated
(C) in accordance with applicable laws, regulations or other generally accepted methods or directives in relevant jurisdictions, including any laws in relation to the export of data or software in the us or other relevant countries or from the usa or other relevant countries
7.2 you note and accept, regardless of the above conditions that it for the notification and settlement are responsible resulting from any taxes they use the service operators.
They hereby undertake to comply with all applicable tax laws, including notification of any taxes and settlement, in conjunction with payment.
7.3 they agree, with no other means than interface to access services provided gpl and no tests to companies, unless it was them in a special agreement expressly allowed gpl.
You note that this constraint for any automated use of, services.
This does not affect their rights, to use Aisp-dienste
7.4 you explain no activities enterprises, which the services or the services associated with these servers and networks or interrupted affected.
7.5 you explain the services for any purpose to reproduce,, to copy, sell, duplicate or resell unless they are in for a separate agreement with the right to do this received. gpl
7.6 accept it, that they alone the responsibility for any breaches of their obligations under this agreement and for the possible consequences of such non-compliance shall, including loss or damage the gpl, and that in this respect them or create gpl to third parties in no way responsible.
8 credentials and Kontosicherheit
8.1 you explain to your account credentials, comprise only in accordance with the conditions of use in this agreement shall be used.
8.2 you note and accept that they are responsible for the confidentiality of its account to preserve and login information for all reasonable steps to safeguard the confidentiality of such information at all.
8.3 provided that the services in the context of a commercial activity benefit, do you accept that all staff, authorised representatives and other persons, to which they have access to their grant, so that the power and proper authentication data be allowed, on behalf of their final operations company, their partnership or any other legal person.
8.4 their liability for the use of the service is described below 17 clause.
8.5 gpl they must immediately of the problems with the notification in " Käuferhilfe-seite " contact if you notice, Google-konto that they have lost or stolen or unlawfully authentication data were used.
Gpl you must also on the " unauthorised burdens report " tell Käuferhilfe-seite if you notice that your or your account was used improperly. credentials
You agree, and in the same way gpl immediately of any security breaches in terms of the service to notify which they are aware.
8.6 if you believe in unjustified effect on their account was used improperly or accessed this please read the section abuse report.
Further information on how it protects against fraud, you find gpl in frequently asked questions.
8.7 drawback to unauthorised or incorrectly executed payment transactions to be, they have on the gpl without undue delay and no later than Käuferhilfe thirteen (30) months from the notice if you unauthorised or incorrectly Abbuchungsdatum payment transactions processed (see also clause see 17).
The Abbuchungsdatum is the date on which their tender with the corresponding was burdened.
8.8 gpl is entitled to the use of their and your account if a suspend authentication data is suspected or unauthorised or fraudulent Sicherheitsgefährdung if activities detected.
8.9 gpl informed them from or, if this is not possible, immediately after the suspension of its or their account of the suspension and authentication data stating the reasons for the suspension, unless the provision of such information would affect or otherwise adequate safety measures against applicable law.
As soon as the reasons for the suspension no longer exist, gpl or their as soon as possible its account credentials reactivate them or new active or a new account authentication data to provide active.
Privacy and their personal data.
9.1 in the privacy statements of google is explained how we deal with personal data if you google products and services benefits.
In addition, the gpl at https: / / of Datenschutzhinweisen payments.google.com / files / describe how privacy.html in the use of services by the gpl with their personal data deals and their privacy.
Pdf-version you can on assistance: the Gpl-datenschutzhinweise request https: / / support.google.com / payments.
9.2 they have agreed that their data in accordance with the clause referred to and be used. -hinweise 9.1 privacy statement
9.3 Identitätsüberprüfung the buyer, provisions for combating money laundering
(A) the buyer takes note that the buyer gpl now and in future the services subject to the condition that the buyer offers all due diligence and satisfactorily completed and neither of gpl Identitätsüberprüfungen against the conditions of gpl and for combating money laundering provisions or against credit card).
Identitätsüberprüfungen Kreditauskünfte statutory controls on money laundering, can, by the credit card and other reviews. required required
Buyer cooperated in the the extent in carrying out these checks required gpl and for the review of compliance with the provisions for combating money laundering.
This includes the provision of additional reporting or to the extent, as a Identitätsüberprüfungsinformationen of gpl is required.
(B) the buyer agrees that gpl for the purpose of due diligence and information on the purchaser to third parties Identitätsüberprüfungen within and outside the european economic area and pass by third parties within and outside the european economic area should receive, where lawful be made.
Including personal data, as defined in the relevant legislation on data protection.
Also gives the purchaser the right to this third in such a way, data?
(C) violations of the conditions laid down in this clause, in particular against the 9.3 gpl demanded providing information or to verify compliance with the provisions Identitätsüberprüfung for combating money laundering, can for immediate suspension of the use of services by the purchaser and also to end this agreement.
Tender.
10.1 they agree that the gpl information required for their tender for the following purposes is:
(A) with an amount, the burden on their tender the level of dues, taxes or Kaufbetrags including any shipment costs (if applicable) is
(B) processing all payments necessary for any other fees charged to them from their use of the service is
(C) on request, for its part the transfer of means of payment to a third party, so that this third them the cost of goods delivered or services into account.
It is not a regulated service of them is made available. gpl
In such cases, after the disclosure of the details of the means of payment gpl to the third party no longer in their transaction with the third involved.
In this transaction is not about a payment.
In problems, especially in connection with reimbursement and Drittanbietertransaktionen disputes, they must be directly to the or the supplier of their means of payment (Drittanbieter such as suppliers of its credit or debit card).
10.2 authorize it, the issuing institution or the gpl, to examine whether their tender mobile sufficient balances, and under its own control.
This may, for example, by the requirement of a credit and / or the payment authorization and / or debiting of low amount for the / from the means of payment in accordance with the rules of the relevant done. Kreditkartenvereinigung
10.3 authorize it gpl, a and / or otherwise Bankauskunft obtain credit to put questions on request or other background information if deems it appropriate to their gpl application for the services or their further use shall be tested.
11 settlement of statement of the mobile, subscriptions, e-money payments / recurrent Transaktionskäufe
11.1 gpl agrees to them the service for the purpose of available to payment transactions.
11.2 they must have the execution of payment transactions by confirm authorize.
You agree that it through the use of the service for the purchase of products from a seller their consent to execute the payment transaction.
Also accept that the authorised payment transaction for their consent not more may be withdrawn.
Accept also that the processing of the seller of a product from any cause appointment may reject and gpl is not obliged to a payment to the seller as long as no in accordance with clause has sent to 11.4 gpl payment order.
11.3 gpl use the service of them because of their stores information made available as details of the means of payment and payment transactions processed and on the refunds and consignment information relevant credit and, the network of Mobilfunkanbieters or Debitkartennetzwerk the network of bank.
11.4 after the execution of a payment transaction, the seller may authorised in accordance with the gpl. the payment order in table Gpl-richtlinien
After receipt of the payment order from the transfer of the seller initiated by your tender gpl to gpl. Kaufbetrags
Gpl provides at the latest, when a corresponding amount from their tender valid gpl is a, which the equivalent. E-geld-betrag Kaufbetrag
Gpl then sends the amount to the seller in need immediately.
Gpl is not responsible for and has no control over the date on which the funds from their tender shall. gpl
They Transaktionsverlauf in your account informed as soon as the seller has been submitted. the payment order in gpl
11.5 transactions can, as in clause 6.5, be rejected or delayed.
11.6 authorize it here a gpl or gpl selected third explicitly to the following:
(A) to tender for the purchase of burden on their necessary for the processing of a payment transaction completed electronic money
(B) credit such amounts resulting from the tender on their cancellation of payment transactions, refunds or corrections of by the service result Kaufbeträgen
11.7 they understand and accept:
(A) the sale of products by the seller is a transaction between the seller and them, so no transaction with gpl, google or a related undertaking, unless gpl, google or a related company is explicitly as sellers or buyers of the transaction).
(B) of a payment transaction is not yet a related company or gpl google buyers, sellers or party, unless this is expressly in on or in the conditions of use of Produkteintrag Google-website).
(C) a gpl, on behalf of the seller and the seller, can a payment for a single or repeated again processing Produktkauf to the sent when a payment transaction, prior Zahlungsnetzwerk rejected or returned. Zahlungsnetzwerk
11.8 e-money and thus the service neither the financial services subject to compensation scheme or any public or private insurance scheme.
11.9 settlement on the mobile.
Certain vendors who accept payments may offer you google the possibility of their purchases account for the statement of the mobile account.
Account if they are on a mobile use, the following payments by google additional conditions:
(A) get their account for the statement of the mobile than can register their payments required google Zahlungsoption and the name and the mobile phone number (including postcode) of Rechnungsadresse account for the statement of the mobile, this number is assigned.
They acknowledge that you this information to google mobile payments sends.
You such information may in the application for the statement of the review and, if necessary correct mobile.
Google payments the information to be used to your account on the statement of the mobile as means of payment in their google and to set up service shall be performed. Payments-konto
Accept also that program you can exchange information on their mobile to your account for Abrechnungsaktivität the statement of the burden on mobile or around that account amounts and payments for purchases, otherwise credited to cancellations, corrections for refunds or payment transactions carried out to clarify and customer service and to provide disputes other activities related to the statement of the mobile system.
(B) if they are to pay for a transaction for the statement of the mobile decide they entitle seller and gpl, debiting and crediting on their mobile, and to send their mobile, debiting and crediting such entitle if necessary to its account for the statement of the mobile side, to the payment transaction, or the refund or cancellation, this correction shall be conducted. transaction
The Zahlungsforderung in such transactions is due as soon as they are for sale to.
(C) the statement of the mobile you can only use to certain dealers in google play applications, such as downloadable applications, wallpapers, ringtones, games or Netzwerkanwendungen (" "), for Produktivitätstools apps and about the compatible device to acquire.
The apps are not from their mobile, google, gpl or google play sold.
The seller is purchased the app).
(D) a statement of the mobile on purchases is governed by the terms of use of their account for the statement of the mobile.
Fees responsible for all they are in accordance with the conditions of use of them account for the statement of the mobile in connection with the use of the statement of the mobile emerge.
(S) in questions in connection with their charges account for the statement of the mobile talk to the customer service their Mobilfunkanbieters.
Google payments they may to questions on google. Payments-kundenservice contact
Questions products, for example, the purchase on the mobile settled Android-apps, are on the seller of the app to follow.
(F) for products, including by the mobile apps statement of purchased is neither the mobile or google or google play, gpl responsible.
This also applies to mistakes, or delay in or at the interruptions installation, use and download and for refunds, show transfer from third parties in product or in the app, changes in the functioning of their equipment by app (for example, changes to the tariff, the service or the settlement of impact) and for content or websites Mobilfunkanbieters to which they can access through the application.
11.10 Abonnementkäufe / recurrent Transaktionskäufe:
(A) if the service enables them to pay their subscription, subscriptions is as soon as you under the purchase of a subscriptions to " accept " or a similar button clicked & purchase.
This is a recurring and its account will be periodically Abrechnungstransaktion automatically.
Unless otherwise specified, are you and the associated subscription for so long, valid until she Abrechnungsautorisierung them terminated or be revoked.
(B) by clicking on " buy " button, or a similar & accept the seller, for each respective authorize indicated a payment of subscriptions billing period a payment order of their means of payment equal to the selected to issue. Kaufbetrags
Authorize it each, in addition, the alternative means of seller onto the seller if the Kaufbetrag for some reason, you are not declared them in their tender can and an alternative means of payment have selected. google Payments-konto
If conditions otherwise stated, your selected cash or alternative (if any) after the end of each tender as long again and again with the accounting period charged, until they you unsubscribe from list Kaufbetrag.
The Kaufbetrag during the seller can be changed. Abonnementlaufzeit
You tender (c), the date for each accounting period under Kaufbetrag Abonnementkaufs.
(D) to a subscription at any time as described here quit.
Withdrawal shall, however, only after the end of the current accounting period effectively.
Billing period for the current do not receive reimbursement.
That as long as they can use to the current subscription billing period has expired.
(E) we reserve the right to a refund or balances at their own discretion to be paid.
By payment of a refund or a balance we are committing ourselves not in future the same or a similar refund to be paid.
(F) under the following conditions they have a right to the reimbursement of authorised under a payment transaction: (i) they call for the subscriptions reimbursement within eight weeks after the (8) of the payment transaction; (ii) to Abbuchungsdatum at the time of authorisation of the payment transaction by she was in the not indicated; (iii Kaufauftrag Kaufbetrag) exceeds the amount you abgebuchte Kaufbetrag reasonably based on their previous structure, this agreement and the circumstances in this case, could take into account the.
Gpl may request additional information, you to investigate the appropriate necessary. Rückerstattungsantrags
Reimbursement or a justification for the rejection of a reimbursement shall be made within 10 working days of the Rückerstattungsantrag or, if additional information with them has requested, gpl within 10 working days of receipt of the information.
12 not applicable
Permitted transactions.
13.1 do this service exclusively to settle for products which they use of a payment transaction by a legitimate and credulous (bona fide) purchase of a seller, or for the settlement of donations purchase unless the seller its primary as " ' means and by non-profit product-type as registered and certified gpl is confirmed non-profit organization.
The service is not to settle a payment transaction or other transfer of money or to be used if the seller involves no connection with the purchase of a product.
The service must also not be used for non-profit donations to a seller, provided that its primary rather than the ' charitable ' means product-type or not registered and certified non-profit organization is confirmed as gpl.
13.2 service must not be used in order to maintain or to cash advances from sellers as, or present values to buy prepaid cards, money orders traveler's checks
The service must not be used for the following:
(A) settlement of payments in connection with the sale or exchange of goods or services, the sale or purchase in the country in which he is established or where the person to hold this service is unlawful
(B) settlement of payments in connection with the sale or exchange of goods or services, the sale or purchase in the country where the seller is established, from which he on the service member is unlawful
(C) use of the service, in conjunction with another underlying transaction that is unlawful
13.3 they agree that the service is not for the settlement of payment transactions in connection with products to be used against the agreement, other for service or rules that existing directives at irregular intervals may be updated or applicable law.
The current directive, in which the products and other transactions are set, which do not have paid for the service may be can be found here.
The Nichtbefolgen can lead to them those limits, the use of the service, temporarily or permanently is refused.
14 Servicegebühren, foreign currencies, interest
14.1 gpl is them any charges for the use of the service in bill.
But it is possible that you for the use of the service taxes or fees from third parties.
Take, for example, note and accept that the financial institution or which you mobile tender issuing them in connection with the burden on their tender or credit an amount on their because of the payment transaction fee a tender can make.
For more information, see the corresponding fees for their conditions of use means of payment.
14.2 gpl, within the scope of the service through. no currency exchange
14.3 gpl provides for the use of the service no interest is charged.
15 disputes and Dienststreitfälle
15.1 gpl, various possibilities for communication with sellers be available to resolve any disputes in connection with a transaction processed through the service may result.
Unless they are able to resolve a dispute may, in a dispute between them and a gpl seller act as a mediator, if one of the parties, appropriate appeal.
Gpl studied in this case, the dispute and shall propose any a non-binding solution.
Further information, see commonly asked questions, in our.
15.2 gpl can within the framework of a service that they offer feedback or other Rankingsystem when assessing the service support.
You know that such a feedback or only the opinion of other users of the service Rankingsystem reflection and not an opinion, in order to ensure by assurance or gpl other users of the service.
15.3 disputes or claims for all, including under the agreement-Dienststreitfällen or as a result of the provision of the service by gpl, they should in the first instance up on to the customer service of gpl ask. Käuferhilfe
Further information on the internal complaint handling procedures can be found here.
You can complain, not to your satisfaction, in english, to have been solved. financial ombudsman service
Postal that can be: financial service, exchange, london e14 ombudsman tower, the united kingdom; telephone: + 9sr 44 800 or + 44 123 023 300; 9123 4567: http: / / on the website and e-mail: @; www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk or in german: about complaint.info financial-ombudsman.org.uk http: / / / help / german / the _ www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk complaint _ and _ the _ Ombudsmann.htm.
Complaints if they have not to your satisfaction have been resolved, and with the financial ombudsman service wish, you can also contact the platform to the european commission used: online dispute resolution https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr / main /? event = main.adr.show.
15.4 alternative settlement of disputes for consumers
Gpl is not on its own initiative or otherwise the settlement of disputes before a body for alternative dispute resolution committed to.
An exception is the obligation of gpl, in accordance with clause 15.3, outside the financial service settle. ombudsman Dienststreitfälle
Reimbursement and redemption.
16.1 e-money as it on the service and immediately for the purchase of products acquire spend is no redemption this possible. e-money
In refunds by a seller or the gpl and the amount corresponding to their tender e-money zurückgetauscht credited.
16.2 if after termination of the agreement or to its account is, substitute electronic money the full amount of electronic money without delay gpl back and refers the amount to the bank account indicated them as soon as applicable test for combating money laundering, fraud and other illegal activities have been completed.
16.3 if the outstanding not in accordance with clause can be E-geld-betrag 16.2, have you after the zurückgetauscht termination of the agreement six (6) years, the full redemption of the outstanding amount requested.
After this period is any account in the property of electronic money in the gpl.
16.3 clause for the purpose of the agreement, if she is no longer to carry out of e-money can use some if its account payment transactions in accordance with the provisions of the agreement will be closed.
If you use of their right to electronic money within six (6), is restored, if the termination of the agreement.
Gpl can in their own discretion and any related to its account of the time limit redo. pass E-geld-beträge convenient
The redemption pursuant to this clause is subject to the reservation of completion equivalent tests 16.3 for combating money laundering, fraud and other illegal activities.
They agree that under the gpl to perform this test requested to provide information.
16.4 clause does not contain any provision which 16.3 the right of termination of the agreement in accordance with clause on gpl 19.4 and / or in any way restrict redemption in accordance with clause 16.2.
Their liability.
17.1 in case of an unauthorised or incorrect carried out only a claim to payment transaction did you if you gpl compensation referred to in clause 17 immediately after taking note of the relevant transaction and under no circumstances later than thirteen (13) months after the Abbuchungsdatum information. the amount
The Abbuchungsdatum is the date on which their tender with the corresponding was burdened.
This time limit shall not apply if the gpl as provided for by law has made available not relevant transaction data (e.g. in their). Transaktionsverlauf Onlinekontos
17.2 they should be entitled to compensation because of unauthorised payment transaction, the amount reimbursed gpl from unauthorised payment transactions as quickly as possible and in any case no later than at the end of on weekdays on which of such a gpl, and transferred to your account transaction become aware in the state in which, where appropriate, it would be if the unauthorised payment transaction would not have happened.
What this means in practice that its account with the value of the payment transaction is credited to identical E-geld-betrag.
Then this back to their tender and rückgetauscht
Gpl understandable if a reason to believe that it has for their in relation to a transaction, unauthorised fraud is an investigation by before a gpl first decision on the reimbursement is taken, and inform them of the outcome of the investigation as quickly as possible.
17.3 gpl faulty, if a payment to the amount of the gpl defective payment transaction immediately and to its account, where appropriate, in the state in which it would be if the payment transaction would not have happened that flawed.
Gpl followed immediately upon request, for their part and insists on flawed executed payment transaction in the result.
17.4 if you in connection with your account fraudulent or due to gross negligence or intentionally acted against the agreement did not comply, they shall be responsible for all losses for unauthorised transactions have arisen, and if in such a case already reimbursement has the right to its account with the gpl amount of the refund.
Gpl is before or after a reimbursement for unauthorised transaction set up an inquiry.
18 no endorsement of products
18.1 gpl is no statements and does not assume any responsibility on the following points: (a) security, quality, accuracy, reliability, integrity or legality of products and validity or accuracy of the description of products or of content through the service displayed, sold or expelled are paid; (b) its ability to buy products, or the ability of suppliers, products to you on it.
18.2 gpl reserves the right, however, is not responsible for content, fully or partially to deal with, to change to remove or their publication refuse the gpl as inadmissible, in sole discretion is incorrect, illegal, fraudulent or otherwise, when the agreement damaging considered.
19 end her relationship with gpl
19.1 the agreement applies until they or gpl as explained below this.
19.2 if your final agreement with gpl wish, you can end this at any time and without additional costs do as follows:
(A) notify in accordance with clause 23.5. below and gpl
(B) they are closing their account for the service.
Their right to stop the agreement under this clause also includes its legal right of withdrawal under applicable 19.2 law in accordance with directive 2002/65 / ec.
19.3 gpl has the right to his final agreement with you at any time to an end if any of the following notice situations occurs: (a) they have against essential rules or breach of the agreement through their action clearly shown that they do not plan or not capable of, the essential provisions of the agreement to comply with; (b) to take this step is legally obliged to gpl about if the provision of the service for them is unlawful or.
19.4 unless this agreement does not shorter deadline is given, is a lawful to the gpl notice of agreement at any time with two (2) months to an end.
19.5 at end of this memorandum are all rights, obligations and liability to for you and gpl or were during the period of validity of the agreement have been created or for the specified by an indefinite validity end unaffected.
For such rights, obligations and shall continue to apply the provisions of clause unlimited liability to 24.6.
Gewährleistungsausschluss.
20.1 gpl, its subsidiaries and associated companies and their licensor do not express or assurances with regard to the means of provision of services.
20.2 gpl, its subsidiaries and associated companies or their in particular shall not be licensor and assurances from means of:
(A) the use of the services is her requirements.
(B) it may services without interruption, timely, safe and sound use.
(C) the use of information resulting from its services are accurate and reliable.
20.3 conditions and provisions, including the implicitly agreed means of provisions relating to satisfactory quality for a specific purpose, suitability and conformity with the description, shall apply to the services only in the in the agreement expressly laid down framework.
20.4 no condition affects the legal rights of this agreement, the them as consumers and are in principle by a treaty not excluded nor can be restricted.
The limit of liability.
21.1 by no provision in the agreement, the mandatory Verlusthaftung by illegally excluded or gpl restricted.
In particular, with no provision in the agreement for the following excluded or limited liability of gpl:
(A) death or injury resulting from the negligence of one of them or their agents or employees, representative result
Underhand deception; (b), or
(C) breach of a condition as regards legal rights or tacit and / or peaceful by
(D) abuse of confidential information.
21.2 apart from the above under clause 21.1 and his subsidiaries and Verlusthaftung can gpl (and their related companies) from them for the following not licensor be liable:
(A) indirect losses and costs incurred by them.
This includes loss of revenue for (whether directly or indirectly created), the loss of goodwill and the loss of information or business reputation.
(B) them for the following reasons resulting losses or damages: (i) any of them in the completeness, accuracy or the presence of advertising, and trust that in a relationship for all confidence or transaction between you and one advertisers, whose advertising on the sponsor or is based is; (ii) modifications of Gpl-website gpl to the services and the permanent or temporary cessation of services or functions of services; (iii) malfunctions of services; (iv) delete damage, or failure to save Mitteilungsdaten associated with their use of the service maintained or were transferred; (v) failure to provide accurate account for by them; (vi) gpl fraudulent use of the services themselves.
21.3 gpl shall, however, any fee or interest them arise because a payment defective or not at all gpl has carried out.
22 amendments to the agreement
22.1 they grant the right to demand changes to gpl of the memorandum.
Gpl insists on such amendments two (2) months in advance, unless a shorter period is legally permissible in this agreement.
This is before the planned date changes sent an e-mail to your email address.
22.2 you note and agree that the changes than the ones you accepted, provided that they apply in accordance with clause not gpl before the planned date of entry into force of 23.5 changes on the opposite informed.
In this case, the agreement without delay and before the date of entry into force of amendments closed. free
Also they have the right, the agreement at any time prior to the date of entry into force of the amendments without immediately to terminate fees charged for them.
22.3 clause is not in any way a 22: (a) restriction of the right of gpl, if necessary, without prior notice its directives to update and revise or add new functions by using accept, while the choice of the method used, such as revisions or publications on a in Google-website E-mail-mitteilungen is discretion of gpl or; (b) of the right of the parties, the provisions of this clause 22 to change if the amendment is not against the law and both parties vote for the amendment.
22.4 for the notification of amendments in an unregulated service, the advance warning of fourteen (14) days.
Amendments may be announced by e-mail.
23 communications and other communications
23.1 all information shall be made available to them easily accessible way and are in a language with clear and intelligible language on begreiflicher german and / or english written.
23.2 notices, instructions and other information by post, by e-mail, within the framework of publications on the website of gpl or on any other appropriate way to communicate.
23.3 gpl can in relation to the services using electronic communications to communicate with, either (a) by e-mail to your email or (b) on the notifications or communications published. Gpl-website
They agree that gpl in connection with their use of electronic communications services received, which are matters such as the agreement and revision and adjustment of the agreement and to notifications or in relation to the services and Zahlungsautorisierungen notices enjoy.
Each communications are handled as follows:
The agreement will provide you with the declaration in a format provided. ausdruckbaren
Any subsequent changes to this agreement are sent your email address.
Unless this agreement provides otherwise, you will receive the notification of the denunciation of the agreement in the form of in your email address sent email.
Communications on and the refunds in payment of Onlinekontos available Google-zahlungscenter Transaktionsverlauf.
Communications on the suspension of the service in their available. Transaktionsverlauf Onlinekontos
Information rejecting of payment transactions and refunds are accorded in the Transaktionsverlauf their available. Onlinekontos
23.4 they are obliged to electronic communications by copies store a copy print or an electronic copy save.
The distribution of information in electronic form shall be made in the assumption that they are in a position, this print or save.
23.5 notifications to all under this agreement with the gpl consignee ' team by registered mail to google payments following address to send google payment limited, new street 5 square, london, united kingdom. Ec4a 3tw
The following exceptions apply:
Notification of loss, theft or unauthorised use or security breaches are promptly informed of the transmitting. Käuferhilfe
Notification of denunciation to this agreement shall on the technology to transmit. Käuferhilfe
Notifications in accordance with clause are to send. on the 22.2 Käuferhilfe
23.6 they can see their transactions by the free of charge in their call. Transaktionsverlauf online account
This is at least once a month updated.
They agree that they do not receive printed extracts.
From 13 july 2018 it from gpl by e-mail a link to their monthly and free of charge, unless they have Onlinetransaktionsverlauf gpl separately stated that they no monthly by e-mail and maintain their transactions only extracts in their access to. Transaktionsverlauf Onlinekontos
We can get them in their discretion on request additional to their transactions on paper or extracts otherwise available, but we have an adequate administrative fee charged to.
23.7 gpl if you in case of a suspected or actual fraud or in the case of security threats must send an email to contact gpl, their primary email address they are called to gpl contact.
Gpl may also an email to their secondary email address or a text message to send your telephone number, provided that they were made available.
24 general legal provisions
24.1 headings in this agreement are purely for simple reference, but are for interpretation or interpretation of agreement of any importance.
24.2 references to laws or legislation refer to the latest version, taking into account after the changes, additions or amendments.
24.3 unless this agreement does not otherwise specified, all figures quoted here as expressed in euro.
24.4 the agreement is the whole legal arrangement between them and their use of services and regulates gpl.
Includes no services you may be based on a separate gpl available written agreement.
Fully replaced the agreement all other agreements in connection with the services prior between them and gpl.
24.5 accept that a enforcement of rights or remedies, or non-exercise arising from this agreement or of the law applicable to result, not a formal renunciation of gpl these rights by directly, and that continue to have the gpl gpl rights and legal tools.
24.6 is of a competent court the invalidity a provision of this agreement found if this provision is without prejudice to other provisions of the agreement away.
The remaining clauses of the agreement shall remain valid and enforceable.
24.7 they may not, without the prior written approval by their rights and obligations under gpl benefits of the agreement within the framework of or otherwise, to a third party to Nebenvertrags).
Gpl is entitled to his achievements, rights and obligations under the agreement on a to transfer without them to notify Drittanbieter or consent to obtain unless this results in a change in its rights in respect of payment services under this agreement. and E-geld-bestimmungen
In this case notified in accordance with clause gpl.
24.8 you note and accept that each member of the gpl to the agreement is and that members of group Drittbegünstigter each of these undertakings any clause which him a benefit or rights, direct occurred and can claim.
Also is not another person nor any other company of the agreement. Drittbegünstigter
24.9 the agreement and its relationship with gpl under the agreement shall be subject to german law.
They gpl and recognise that for legal affairs with regard to the agreement, the courts have jurisdiction. germany
Regardless 24.9 do you agree that this clause gpl is entitled or equivalent remedies in other jurisdictions Unterlassungsansprüche to assert.
