Business and use of GRINDR
Mobilgeräte-softwareanwendung welcome to the (the " ") (" Grindr Grindr-software llc, " " we, " " Grindr us, " " our / e / he / it / en "), and its website all further, and applications, which are now Mobildiensten Web-diensten or in the future, owned or controlled by, or which it offered (Grindr together "). the " Grindr-dienste
Following each reference to the " " also refers to the " Grindr-dienste. " Grindr-software
Grindr-dienste user the use and / or download, acquire (together or singly " them " to subscribe to or / e / he / it " you " or " "), the following vote users (to this business and conditions of use " memorandum ').
This agreement is a legally binding instrument between them and GRINDR.
Ask read the agreement carefully before they benefit. Grindr-dienste
Download access through the use, obtain and / or to subscribe to the confirm that the Grindr-dienste provisions of this arrangement read, understood and recognized.
You should not accept this agreement, they are using the immediately. Grindr-dienste
Section 21 of this agreement contains provisions for the settlement of disputes between our users and us.
Particularly in that section specifies that conciliation protocol-with few exceptions-a final and binding dispute must be settled, provided that the conciliation protocol did not rebut.
Also: (1) can you individually based claim rights against us or collection is not allowed; also (2 REPRÄSENTATIVKLAGEN) do not demand for claims and to judicial on their claims. GESCHWORENENVERHANDLUNGEN
Additional information on the conciliation protocol, to the effect of this agreement and to reject conciliation protocol, please see section.
If you in the european union, the united kingdom or in some other countries outside the united states housing, please note the specific provisions for international users (" specific provisions ').
If you are in one of the jurisdictions referred to in the specific provisions, they may have additional rights, or certain parts of this agreement, such as the, there may be not for you. SCHIEDSGERICHTSVEREINBARUNG
Keep a copy of this agreement in your documents.
You can request a copy of this agreement by giving us an email at the following address: send help, subject:. @ grindr.com Nutzungsvereinbarung
ALTERBESCHRÄNKUNG and security
No use by minors.
People under 18 (eighteen) twenty-one years (or (21) years in places where the eighteen (18) years not VOLLJÄHRIGKEITSALTER) may not directly or indirectly, have look at Grindr-dienste or otherwise used.
So. you must
Hereby declare and ensure that at present the eighteen (18) or
Twenty-one (21) years (in places where the VOLLJÄHRIGKEITSALTER 18 (eighteen) years) not old and can do it, legally this agreement and all obligations. set out therein to lock up
Security GRINDR: does not responsible for the use of or for the actions of other users, Grindr-dienste with which they exchange information or contact.
GRINDR shall not review the history of the criminal or other users.
GRINDR examines the information provided by users on identity, health, physical condition, etc.
Not after.
GRINDR also assumes no responsibility for acts or legal consequences for the use on sites to or to reduce their personal interaction lead KRIMINALISIERUNGSVERSUCHEN.
Meeting themselves make informed decisions about the use of the application on their premises and they weigh possible negative consequences.
Important warning: legal notice to the are exclusively as a personal, location data Grindr-dienste STANDORTBASIERTE and should not use provided services for the INDIVUELLEN as tracking system in an emergency, while driving or
BEDIENENS of vehicles in a dangerous environment in which power is necessary, or in other AUSFALLSICHERE cases used in which the failure or the inaccuracy of the application or to death, injury or severe Grindr-dienste persons or property damage can lead.
GRINDR is not applicable to the finding for the family, or for other commercial or professional use FAHRZEUGORTUNG intended or appropriate.
For this purpose, the use of dedicated intended products recommended.
International users
Use outside the united states of america: the are in the united states controlled Grindr-dienste Grindr so their use of the services offered and residence regardless of the laws of the united states. california is
Grindr does not ensure that the Grindr-dienste for use in other locations are legally or in all systems today are allowed.
Grindr-dienste of access to other locations from is at your own risk, the user is responsible for compliance with the locally existing law.
Vote of transmission and processing of their data in the us and the world. any other legal system
Further information on the collection, use and exchange of their data can be found in our data protection directives.
Special provisions: persons resident in certain countries (including the countries of the european union and the united kingdom) have sometimes additional rights or, depending on existing case-law of certain parts of this agreement not affected.
Detailed information, see the special provisions for international users.
User-friendliness english: for reasons of international is to users of this agreement and, where applicable, versions of the translations Grindr Grindr-dienste in their languages ready.
This agreement was written in english and in the event of a conflict of these two texts is the english version.
Grindr reserves and the right and similar problems, which by the translation error versions of this agreement and the Grindr-dienste arise landessprachlichen, house.
KONTOREGISTRIERUNG KONTONUTZUNG;
Kontoregistrierung: if you an account with one of the (a) " account create Grindr-dienste and data indicate be sure to ensure that these data are correct.
Should change information, they must immediately update data.
Accounts are for use by them alone.
They never entitled to the account of another person to use.
The buying, selling, hiring or give the user name is without our written consent or Kontozugriffs not allowed.
It they are not permitted, your account or their transfer or otherwise transferred. credentials
Kontosicherheit Kennworts and keep their: for the fully account they are responsible.
Also carry full responsibility for any of its account to that activity.
Undertake Grindr immediately of any unauthorised use of their account and any other inform. a security breach
We are not liable for loss, damage, obligations, or as a result of expenditure Anwaltskosten use of their account or by a third person as Kennworts whether these with her or without their knowledge has taken place.
We shall not be obliged, records of their account to save.
Grindr is under no obligation, or data and information which they Kontoaufzeichnungen on your account or stored have? Grindr-dienste
The Grindr-dienste are not capable of data provided.
They solely responsible for ensuring their data (e.g. by the separate people they contact information of saving on the meet). Grindr-dienste
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIEN: the collection, use and dissemination of their personal and other information shall be subject to our data protection directives.
Vote the collection, storage, use and dissemination of that information in accordance with our data protection directives.
Changes to the services: we reserve the right, at their own discretion to all or part of any Grindr-dienste at any time and without reason to amend, supplement liability towards them or to stop with the exception of cases referred to in this section 6.
We reserve the right, however, such changes, additions or settings without such notification to carry out, where necessary for compliance with laws, to protect or to enforce legal rights or otherwise to manage or prevention of emergency is required.
We substantial changes to the chiefs who: (a) Premium-diensten them under such an Premium-dienstes available and (b) reduce functionality is mandatory (i.e. that they do not update to prevent these Grindr-software effect), you can you account within 10 days after such a modification resign (as defined in point 11.2) and received a proportionate reimbursement provided for all paid in advance, but not for such amounts used. premium rate services
We reserve the right at any time, fees for access to all or parts of the Grindr-dienste to collect and these prices at any time, change as long as the changes do not affect the fees for already paid effect. premium rate services
Property Grindr is owned and run by the property rights;. Grindr-dienste
The Grindr-dienste, content, visual, data, design, graphics and interfaces collections, products, software, services (computer codes including) and all other elements of the Mobilgeräteanwendungen (together " the materials ") Grindr-dienste are in the united states copyright, patent and trademark rights, through international, trading privileges laws and regulations and by any other applicable laws on the protection of intellectual property in accordance with and property rights protected.
All Grindr-dienste materials are owned by whose Grindr subsidiaries or affiliates and / or Drittlizenzgebern.
Grindr-diensten trademarks, above all in the trade are the property of and service marks, their subsidiaries and / or Grindr Drittlizenzgebern.
Unless specifically in this agreement, approved by Grindr undertake to the materials not to sell, and receive to drive to copy to change public or to show to demonstrate to publish, to deal with, to resulting works to produce or otherwise used. they
BENUTZUNGSRICHTLINIEN utilisation rules;; prohibited Verhaltens-und VERWENDUNGSWEISEN
PROFILRICHTLINIEN GRINDR, for the users of found on http: / / / / (the " directives www.grindr.com community-guidelines "), are hereby by reference in their valid version incorporated in this agreement.
Please read the guidelines carefully before they take. Grindr-dienste
We have the right to delete their data and their account to block.
Grindr may at any time for any reason, and for no apparent reason for extinguishing listed below to such content itself. delete or Benutzerinhalten
Any violations of directives or this agreement through their to your account and blocking can Benutzerinhalte their exclusion from Grindr-diensten.
Hereby confirm and declare agreed with the following provisions on codes of conduct and banned presented: VERWENDUNGSWEISEN
Grindr-dienste they use and all the information contained not to address, abuse, to defame and other users, to deceive threaten violations of privacy and other rights of users or to collection, attempted to capture, store or disclosure of the location or personal information of other users.
They do not perform offensive or harmful content in their personal, pornographic; Grindr-profilseite
Grindr-dienste they use for commercial purposes or not, for example, the sale or nicht-privaten the advertising of goods or services, and they use for private, non-commercial purposes and the Grindr-dienste exclusively in our particular way and for the purposes laid down;
Grindr-dienste they use to encourage illegal activities or not instruct or in violation of local, state, national or international legislation, including laws on criminal offences, excluded or controlled substances, intellectual property or other property rights, data protection and privacy protection and for import and export controls;
They do not perform materials in their personal profiles, videos or photographs or images of people under, Audioaufzeichnungen eighteen (18) years or persons over 18 (eighteen) years, without their explicit agreement;
Unsolicited tenders, they would not have, and advertisements or proposals did not send messages to other users of adverse Grindr-dienste.
Adverse Werbeunterlagen or advertising that includes,,,, from commercial e-mails Massenversand Kettenbriefe and, surveys or Informationsankündigungen Spendenaufrufe Unterschriftensammlungen to take part in surveys or studies; invitations
Give not than other natural or legal person, deceive belonging to such before and attack on the Grindr-benutzerkonten; other users
Give origin, nature and content of information not wrong again; transferred Grindr-dienste
Grindr-anwendung reveal the or not on displays on external trace or in public, monitors
They prevent the removal, deal disable or other damage of the functions of functions, impede, which use Grindr-dienste or copying of available content and prevent or restrict Grindr-dienste functions that the use of the limit; Grindr-dienste
They affect or hinder the operation of the did not either intentionally or use by other users, Grindr-dienste including by the spread of viruses, or other upload worms or harmful codes;
Publish save you send, transmitted and disseminated any information or material, which with reasonable approach as undesirable, defamatory,,,, offensive, obscene libellous offensive, do, shameful, pornographic belästigend embarrassing, vulgar, spiteful, racist, ethnic or otherwise non-compliant deliberately misleading, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate are considered, irrespective of whether such materials or their distribution unlawful or not;
Publish save you send, transmitted and disseminated any information or materials, where this would patents, brand business secrets or other rights, copyright violates a person;
Grindr-dienste not using the products, systems or applications, which in vehicles or connected with them or are installed or otherwise communicate are capable of vehicles to navigate, places, transporting, route in real time to carry out or be carried out; or similar Fahrzeugdisposition
Grindr-dienste using the not in a dangerous environment in which power is needed or in cases ausfallsichere, in which the failure or the inaccuracy of the application or to death, injury or severe Grindr-dienste persons or property damage can lead.
Attempting not by chopping, or other means unauthorised access to the Kennworterschleichen or parts thereof, and on other accounts Grindr-dienste, with the computer systems or networks are connected, to obtain and Grindr-diensten they also tried to degrade the impairment or refrain from smooth operation of the or the activities in the Grindr-diensten Grindr-dienste;
Scan you now, and not the review of the test or other systems or networks Sicherheitsanfälligkeit Grindr-dienste.
Not robots, they use, or other Webcrawler tool for automatic scraper without our expressly written authorisation granted for specific purposes to access Grindr-dienste.
They bypass our or other measures we to Robot-exclusion-header prevent or restrict access to Grindr-dienste used.
To amend it in any way. the Grindr-dienste
Without our written authorisation use or develop or other products which they do not applications with the access to the content or Grindr-diensten interact and information of other users possible.
Use also no modified versions of the unauthorised access to, for instance for Grindr-dienste Grindr-dienste;
They do not affect the ability of any other persons to use and support or promote any Grindr-dienste activities against this agreement rejected.
Premium rate services, purchases
Premium-dienste: certain services, such as, for example, or unlimited, only Grindr xtra, after the establishment of a Grindr account and payment of a fee available (" "). premium rate services
On these accounts for a certain period, you will automatically be renewed access to premium rate services.
Renewal price for each period and be on the or Premium-dienste-angebot Grindr-diensten, where the bodies listed are offered. premium rate services
Premium-dienste shall automatically be extended.
The Premium-dienste will in the end their automatic and extended, and it continually ABONNEMENTLAUFZEIT is depending on the automatically at the time payment method (plus current VERLÄNGERUNGSPREIS
Eventually taxes), without having even active in addition debited would have to be.
You confirm and explain that the proposal be automatically renewed unless they they premium rate services not terminate or suspend or terminate it in accordance with this agreement.
KÜNDIGUNGSRICHTLINIE: you can have your at any time in accordance with the provisions of this arrangement Premium-dienste quit.
Termination carried out in order to follow the instructions in the corresponding. Grindr-diensten
It KÜNDIGUNGSGEBÜHREN do not.
To instructions for termination of to obtain, please send a premium rate services to help E-mail-anfrage @ grindr.com.
Probeabonnements Premium-dienste for: the are uncommon for a limited time as Grindr-premium-dienste available (" " or " Probeabonnement Probeabonnement. Probe-premium-dienste
Please note that this agreement also for effective. Probeabonnements
They are, where appropriate, with the registration for a asked their credit or Probeabonnement Debitkarteninformationen indicated.
In this case, their credit or debit card only if you not available on the end of the ' notice. Probeabonnement Probezeitraums
If according to their credit or be asked and not before the end of Debitkarteninformationen of terminate your in a Probezeitraums Probeabonnement credit or debit card and their subscription kostenpflichtiges converted is at the time of the fee charged him. Abonnementbeginns
Probeabonnements are not available for former users of users who have already been initiated or Premium-diensten received and prior to the conversion to Probeabonnement paid subscription have denounced.
Purchases.
We reserve the right at any time and without notice to correct certain errors or data up to date.
The correction of errors made by the change of information in the report of the error, or by the Grindr-diensten and give them an opportunity to cancel your order.
It is entirely in our discretion as to whether we reject or. orders for individual Stornierungsanfragen
All sales are authentic.
Werbecodes Grindr:. and at their own discretion is uncommon for certain discounts. Werbecodes
Werbecodes shall not be transferable and can not for cash, credit or ahead of schedule. former purchases
A payment in cash is not possible.
Werbecodes additionally, not in conjunction with other offered or to be used and must rebates date indicated ahead of schedule.
Lost Werbecodes can not be replaced.
Werbecode there's only one per customer allowed.
Werbecodes there are invalid, where they are illegal.
All Werbeaktionen may at any time and after sole discretion terminated or Grindr change.
Payments are ineligible.
Provided in this treaty does not expressly provided otherwise (including section 24, if you in certain states of the united states are located, and the specific provisions in certain countries, when they are located), are all payments made and all fees not definitively Grindr eligible.
Redundancies are hereinafter accounting period in which the payment is due, effective, provided in this treaty does not expressly provided otherwise.
Taxes: unless otherwise specified, shall be understood at the acquisition date all payments to Grindr excluding taxes or duties of tax.
They are themselves responsible for the payment of such taxes, levies or customs duties.
Mikrotransaktionen.
From time to time you can a limited, personal, non-transferable, not, for certain features include benefits to licence unterlizenzierbare widerrufbare in the exclusive use (" ") acquire in Grindr-diensten Mikrotransaktionen.
Grindr reserves the right, at their own discretion charges for the right to access to or use of any additional features to raise and / or fee to distribute. with or without any additional features
Grindr Mikrotransaktionen may at any time and / or manage, regulate, control, modify any additional features or eliminate.
Account shown in their balance of does not balance, and reflects real Zusatzfunktionen no value, but is instead held against a measure of the extent of its licence.
Zusatzfunktionen fees for do not in; to them by Mikrotransaktionen non-use licence awarded in accordance with the conditions laid down, however, expires this agreement if we provide the setting or your account closed or otherwise Grindr-dienste is terminated.
Grindr shall not be liable them or to third parties, if such rights exercises. Grindr
Zusatzfunktionen providing for use in the service, is a Grindr-diensten immediately after the adoption of such Mikrotransaktionen begins.
All MIKROTRANSAKTIONEN via the are carried out shall be final and Grindr-dienste ineligible.
They recognize that is not required, for some reason GRINDR reimbursement to make, and that you in the production of an account or any other compensation for any money not used, irrespective of whether the receive any additional features production voluntarily or otherwise was.
Use
They note that the access to some only by the download on the Grindr-software Grindr-dienste is possible. a mobile device
Benutzerinhalte you can have your (including the), unless they are not looking at chat the download and an account. have registered Grindr-software
GRINDR reserves the right, but is not required to make the use of each user to monitor, including by Grindr-dienste registration and NACHRICHTENAUSTAUSCHS and the use of or access to the profiles and other users. STANDORTINFORMATIONEN
Reserves GRINDR according to the right (a) also for each user access to or use of Grindr-diensten, including and disable STANDORTINFORMATIONEN or (b) sections other users from any reason and without averaging or to them each block liability account.
Refunds shall only be granted if it is expressly provided for in this agreement.
You alone are responsible for their interaction with other users and for all content and materials they are made available. the Grindr-diensten
Grindr you confirm that for any losses or damages not resulting from such responsible. interactions
Grindr reserves the right, however, is not obliged to discrepancies between them and other users to monitor.
Grindr controlled the content of accounts and profiles.
Grindr has the right, but is not required to such content for any purpose to be checked.
They confirm that they have sole responsibility for all content in Grindr-diensten and material shall bear provided.
Refusal or blocking services
Your account at any time and from each you can withdraw by reason you follow the instructions in the Grindr-diensten followed.
After termination of this agreement with immediate effect account is finished with the exception of paragraph 25.4 rules set out.
Premium-dienste account for a if you, will you have with recurrent Zahlungsoption account at any time denounce.
You in the pay period in the remaining / (s) for which you Zahlungszeiträumen already paid for still access.
Grindr can account for you, their access to and their use Grindr-dienste the Grindr-dienste or part of it at their own discretion suspend or terminate when is of the opinion that their Grindr or their behaviour within the Profilinhalt against our; or they otherwise conditions Grindr-dienste against this agreement did not comply, or for other reasons, subject to the following sections 11.4 and 11.5. also has the right to each account and all Grindr Benutzerinhalte (as set out below) at any time to remove all or part of or deletion.
They agree that a blocking their access to the account or a part of it or its Grindr-diensten without prior announcement can be made (other than described in section below), and they provided 11.4 agree that you or to third parties for such Grindr closure is not only be liable and refunds if required by the present arrangement (including 11.5 section below) is expressly provided for.
We have, for example, the right to their account due to longer to disable inactivity.
Fully our other rights we reserve the right to any stopping or cancelling their complete your account from the delete. Benutzerinhalte Grindr-diensten
Any suspected cases of fraud or illegal activities, abusive, to end its use of guides to the appropriate law enforcement agencies can Grindr-dienste going forward.
These facilities apply in addition to all the other legal remedies according to the law or signatory. Grindr Billigkeitsrecht
Premium-dienst paid for a if they, their access to the Grindr or at a account only after Grindr-diensten serving a period at least 30 days, unless you lock or their behaviour within the Grindr-dienste Profilinhalt offend our or have otherwise against this usage conditions are agreement, in which case Grindr their access to an account immediately suspend or or Grindr-diensten lock.
Premium-dienst if you have paid for a and their access to or a Grindr account, shall put Grindr-diensten paid in advance, but the pro rata Grindr unused amounts for these back. premium rate services
If Grindr against their access to the account, because they lock or a Grindr-diensten against our out, is entitled to conditions of the amounts that they Grindr for the paid. keep Grindr-dienste
Where this is required by law (such as in the united kingdom), but only an amount reserves to cover all Grindr costs and other losses caused by the injury or the infringement, which are still arise, can mean that no refund is payable.
They acknowledge and agree that google, apple or other platforms (in accordance with the device Drittanbieter and operating system they use) for transactions in connection with the Zahlungsabwickler Grindr-diensten.
Materially reimbursement, therefore, they must to which you referred to in this agreement are entitled, on the app store on google play or another (depending on the case) demand. Drittanbieter-plattform
If you feel that your user login, temporarily or permanently closed Grindr mistakenly, they may at any time by e-mail to help @ ask. grindr.com
BENUTZERINHALTE
Grindr-dienste allow the publishing content and materials (such as images, ideas, concepts or notes, by you and other creative proposals) (" ") and the Grindr-benutzer Benutzerinhalte, publish and / or parts of such hosten and other users. with Benutzerinhalte Grindr
They solely responsible for their own and for the effects caused by Benutzerinhalte or publish emerge. the announce
Benutzerinhalte relating to explain and ensure: (i) to take the necessary licences, rights, and have to use consents and Nutzungsberechtigungen Grindr all intellectual property or other rights to ownership of and for all, to the use and incorporation Benutzerinhalte authorized by the planned and covered by this arrangement way Grindr-diensten to allow; and (ii) the written consent, release and / or permit each person in the identifiable have the name or the image Benutzerinhalten each of these persons should be used to use appropriate and involvement of this agreement and to the Benutzerinhalte provided for to enable way Grindr.
You are keeping all property rights to their. Benutzerinhalten
They recognize that you in the use of a variety of sources of Grindr-diensten Benutzerinhalten are exposed and that not for the correctness and usefulness Grindr security or the intellectual property rights on or in connection with such Benutzerinhalten is responsible.
Taking also note that this number, inaccurate, insulting or undesirable content., was
Grindr shall not be liable for or in connection with Benutzerinhalten.
Grindr is also not accept responsibility for the active review of to inappropriate content. Benutzerinhalten
If Grindr at any time and after sole discretion, to review is still not Benutzerinhalte Grindr responsibility for the content, no obligation to change or removal inappropriate and no responsibility for the conduct of the Benutzerinhalte user, the respective content added.
Also approves the content of other users and has not Grindr no control over the.
Grindr does not explicit or implicit on the means of and their accuracy and reliability. Benutzerinhalte
Nevertheless reserves the right, you add on Grindr of to prevent and from each Benutzerinhalte Benutzerinhalten reason and at any time, working to restrict or removed.
Benutzerinhalte shall be the property of the user, the it has added, and subject to licence in accordance with this agreement. Grindrs
They are not entitled to the third to share, represent or Benutzerinhalte duplicate, except in the in this agreement as specified.
Hereby grant you assure and confirm that you are entitled to issue-the irrevocable, non-exclusive, freephone and Grindr global their licence fully paid to reproduce, distribution, public portray Benutzerinhalte to resulting works to create, in other works and to use and exploit (involve otherwise by means of unlimited and strictly) levels of Unterlizenzen for the purpose of its involvement in the or where otherwise Benutzerinhalte Grindr-dienste by this agreement is allowed.
Irrevocably abandon them to all claims and demands in terms of their moral rights, and to the granting of its Benutzerinhalte.
Hereby give also the right under their Grindr a takeover of or Benutzerinhalte of assets to a third party to Grindr selling or transmit Grindrs.
Additional information on the collection and sharing of their use, and the information can be found in our data protection directives Benutzerinhalte.
In case that a feedback or proposals on the Grindr given (" feedback ") Grindr-diensten, transfer this a lasting, global irrevocable Grindr licence (with the right to) for use and all this feedback Unterlizenzierung related information in every way, the Grindr appropriate.
Grindr treated their feedback as non-confidential and not protected by copyright.
Grindr is under any circumstances, the obligation for feedback to compensate.
They agree that they take any information or provide the concepts Grindr it as confidential or protected by copyright or for which they consider compensation expected.
Websites, products and services of third parties, left
The Grindr-dienste can on advertising or otherwise links to foreign websites or services (" include "), which only the third websites advantage of users.
Grindr linking, these websites and on the available information, or older materials, products or services.
Also Grindr takes no explicit or tacit regarding the means of content, materials, products or services on websites containing or on the linking accessible.
Verlinkter access and use of all or any such websites and websites more accessible information, materials, products and services shall be carried out at their peril.
We control the websites and this agreement is not effective third not for companies is not held by or under the direction of, and for the acts of are Grindr persons not employed by or managed. Grindr
Always check the conditions on the websites of third parties.
Their correspondence or their dealings with or attending in advertisers of promotion actions or through the have found apply only Grindr-dienste between you and the advertisers.
Grindr agree that they agree or responsibility for loss or damage no liability of any kind takes as a result of such interactions or in the presence of such advertisers emerge. Grindr-diensten
Grindr-dienste on the may also parties other than services or products to sell. Grindr
We are not responsible for the examination and evaluation of these tenders and accept no liability for tenders or the content of the product and the professionals services.
Grindr accepts no responsibility or liability for the actions, products and content of these or other professionals of third parties.
Read the data protection rules, and the broader conditions of third carefully.
Using applications by third parties with the (" third ") uses connect Grindr-diensten, do you explain agree that developed and maintained by third parties on Grindr Benutzerinhalte to the websites or third parties submitted applications api references.
Grindr is not responsible for the transmission of the on the websites or Benutzerinhalte Grindr-diensten or third for the use of applications or applications. third on websites Benutzerinhalte
Read the conditions and the websites or third. applications Datenschutzrichtlinien
Grindr is not responsible for the functions, or other materials to content or through the websites or applications available, and third, these too.
Grindr reviewed, controlled and approved websites or applications well.
Accordingly is access to websites or applications third at their peril.
You agree that the websites or applications available and no guarantee for parties such as the relevant websites or actions applications use and that this agreement does not for the use of websites and applications is third.
They agree that their and for in Grindr Benutzerinhalte sources and uses of Standortinformationen Grindr-benutzerkonten third, which involves offer. Grindr-dienste
Benutzerinhalte as far as their their personal data (as in the data protection directives) which is subject to any transfer of these defined personal data. the data protection directives
Advertising Grindr and their shall be entitled to public advertising and other licensees information in addition to its display. Benutzerinhalten
They have no right to compensation due to such advertising.
Way and the scope of such communication or liability towards them can without advertisements to be amended.
ENDBENUTZERLIZENZEN
Mobile device: for the use of you need a compatible with the Grindr-software Grindr-diensten mobile device.
Grindr does not guarantee that with your mobile device compatible. Grindr-dienste
Mobilfunkkosten, they're all wearing through the use of, including sms and roaming charges incurred Grindr-dienste and costs for the use of the data.
If you are not sure what charges incurred, contact your mobile before you use. the Grindr-dienste
Lizenzgewährung: subject to compliance with the provisions of this agreement providing them with a simple, non-transferable and hereby Grindr licence, (i) a copy of it consists of the code on your account with Grindr-software kompiliertem shall be used presenting a mobile device, and they own exclusive tenants or it device, not only for their private use professional use and (ii) the Grindr-dienste (unlike the) for their private, non-commercial Grindr-software use to the intended purposes Grindr from time to time of is made public, to use Grindr.
Restrictions: it is they are not allowed, (i) the or made available to the related Grindr-dienste technologies to amend or to be carried out to disassemble Reverse-engineering unless this restriction is explicitly ruled out, with a contractual not legally is not possible; (ii) the for rent, to give Grindr-dienste resell, or by other means, to expel unterzulizenzieren to transfer to a third party or their with other users to share or temporary Grindr-dienste them in a similar way to offer; (iii) to produce copies of the; (iv) the Grindr-dienste functions of to remove, to circumvent to Grindr-dienste disable to damage or otherwise to impede-the same goes for functions that the use or copying of available content and prevent or restrict Grindr-dienste functions that the use of the limit, or (v)-Grindr-dienste extensions or products to create with the related or interact with that Grindr-diensten unless this restriction is explicitly ruled out, with a contractual not legally is not possible; or (vi) Urheberrechtsvermerke
Updates: they note that updated versions of the issues and occasionally Grindr Grindr-dienste the version of the, which you on your mobile device Grindr-dienste or otherwise use automatically and is updated electronically.
Vote this automatic update on your mobile device and agreed that the explain this agreement with all apply updates Geschäftsbestimmungen.
They have also agree that they do not fall for those updates shall Grindr.
Grindr-dienste open source: as far as the open to the use or Source- Drittanbietercodes Grindr-dienste may be included are those open or, where appropriate, by the relevant valid Source- Drittanbietercodes eula) for open source (Endbenutzer-lizenzvereinbarung or covered, on the use of each Drittanbieter codes authorised.
This agreement reduces their rights under the provisions of a valid for open source and gives a not Endbenutzer-lizenzvereinbarung them no rights which such provisions would lift.
For further information contact @ (with the slogan " legal grindr.com open source " in the subject line).
Reserved rights: under this agreement granted above is not a sale of the licence or a copy thereof. Grindr-dienste
Grindr counterparty and their suppliers and retain all rights, title and shares (and the copies thereof). Grindr-dienste
Any attempts to rights, obligations and obligations under this agreement to transfer are not in the rules, where expressly provided, null and void.
Grindr reserves all rights not expressly laid down in this agreement.
Trademarks, and with the logo: service marks associated are owned by name and logo Grindr-diensten Grindr.
The use of these marks is only with the prior written authorisation and permission of permitted. Grindr
All rights reserved.
Use by government agencies: the are for use by individuals determined Grindr-dienste, not for state institutions.
Grindr should the united states government to use the institutes, or should the united states government Grindr-dienste the use, subject to use, without justification Grindr-dienste duplication, presentation, modification, reproduction, release, publication, distribution or disclosure of the restrictions laid down in this agreement and Grindr-dienste regulations (a) and DFARS 227.7202-1 (a) (1995), 227.7202-3 DFARS (c) (1) (252.227-7013 (ii) (oct., 1988), far (a) (1995), 12.212 far far (alt (iii) or 52.227-19 52.227-14, as appropriate.
This agreement gives users the smaller state than those of this agreement for permissions Grindr-dienste. set
Grindr-dienste exportkontrolle: the, in the usa developed and are subject to the rules and the u.s. Exportgesetze
The Grindr-dienste must not in certain countries or to the persons or groups or re exported Us-export excluded.
Additionally, the imports and the other countries are Grindr-dienste. Exportgesetzen
They have agreed, all in relation to the laws and foreign Us-gesetze using compliance with Grindr-diensten
App-stores: you confirm and agree that the availability of be explained by the third party is subject, Grindr-dienste on which they have obtained, such as Grindr-dienste android market or the apple app store (" "). App-stores
They confirm that this agreement between them and is incompatible with the app store. Grindr
Each App-store has its own, which they must agree to terms and conditions before you can download. Grindr-dienste
They confirm that they all of the terms and conditions, with their right to the App-stores comply with use of compliance with the conditions requires. Grindr-dienste
Disclaimer; guaranteeing them in
Legislation some states do not provinces and limitations of means of tacit to countries.
This should apply to them, are some or all of the above and restrictions and you may have not be covered by disclaimers additional rights.
At special provisions for international users " you will find certain exceptions for such users.
The Grindr-dienste and all on the or in conjunction with software, services or applications are available Grindr-diensten allowed by law in state in the broadest framework, as available and without explicit or implicit guarantee offered and without MÄNGELGEWÄHR.
GRINDR and their suppliers, and reject any express or implied KONZERNGESELLSCHAFTEN licensor guarantee, including tacit, the guarantees of the marketability, its suitability for RECHTSANSPRUCHS a specific purpose and of property rights. NICHTVERLETZUNG
GRINDR licensor and their suppliers and for the smooth implementation and do not guarantee in the Grindr-diensten contained FEHLERLOSE functions, for the regularisation or for freedom of viruses and other elements of the harmful and over which the server Grindr-dienste services.
GRINDR licensor and their suppliers and (including) and do not take any means of Mobilfunkanbieter-lizenzgeber assurances of safety accuracy, accuracy, reliability or other characteristics or use.
Results using STANDORTINFORMATIONEN or other Grindr-diensten.
GRINDR them or their providers or not, take the entire cost of the licensor or services.
Devices which to access the Grindr-dienste are required.
They note and undergo agreed to materials or data on at your own risk and at their own discretion Grindr-dienste download or otherwise.
SCHADLOSHALTUNG exemption, undertake Grindr (GRINDR and their staff representatives, contractors, member company) to all suppliers and licensor declared claims, complaints, losses of third parties, costs, of any kind (including compensation claims and liabilities) and to hold and com munity Anwaltskosten schad- to defend resulting from any of the following points arise or related to: (a) their use and abuse of Standortinformationen or other in general, (b) a Grindr-diensten violation of the rights of a natural or legal person by you, (c) a suspected breach of this agreement or (d) of the use of the personal meeting with a different user Grindr-dienste or to find and visit a place or an event.
Grindr reserves the right, at their expense the sole defence and arrangements for any matter that it is subject to assume a indemnification guarantee and they have agreed to us in our defence against such claims to support.
This Freistellungsverpflichtung defence and are on enlargement in the broadest framework allowed by law and also apply on the planned and the end of its use of Vereinbarungsende Grindr-dienste out.
Liability and ENTSCHÄDIGUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNG
Laws some states and countries do not. provinces of liability limits
If these laws apply to you, could some or all the below provisions do not apply to them.
Find certain derogations in the specific provisions for such users.
They acknowledge and agree that what the purpose of this (GRINDR section 18 and their staff representatives, contractors, group entities and providers) in its broadest legally DRITTLIZENZGEBER EINSCHLIESST permitted under under any circumstances, even in the negligence, to them for special damage, indirect damage,,, or penalty payments NEBENSCHÄDEN compensation with VERTRAUENSSCHÄDEN sequelae is liable, in conjunction with STRAFCHARAKTER or as a result of the following circumstances arise: (a) the use of through them; (b) the Grindr-dienste disclosure, display or caring for their by us; (c) their STANDORTINFORMATIONEN use or inability to use Grindr-dienste; (d) the generally (including Grindr-dienste) or the systems which the Grindr-software Grindr-dienste available or (e) any other interaction with or other users, including the GRINDR if or without GRINDR Grindr-dienste representatives of the possibility of such damage was made on GRINDR.
They agree that the agreement established in this subpart, even after the termination or liability limits
To termination of this agreement, and that you, as far as law was allowed also are valid if one of its essential purpose described this agreement not fulfilled. limited remedies
They acknowledge and agree that what the purpose of this (GRINDR section 18 and their staff representatives, contractors, group entities and providers) in its broadest legally DRITTLIZENZGEBER EINSCHLIESST permitted under under any circumstances, even in the negligence, to them for special damage, indirect damage,,, or penalty payments NEBENSCHÄDEN compensation with VERTRAUENSSCHÄDEN sequelae is liable, in conjunction with STRAFCHARAKTER or as a result of the following circumstances arise: (a) the use of through them; (b) the Grindr-dienste disclosure, display or caring for their by us; (c) their STANDORTINFORMATIONEN use or inability to use Grindr-dienste; (d) the generally (including Grindr-dienste) or the systems which the Grindr-software Grindr-dienste available or (e) any other interaction with or other users, including the GRINDR if or without GRINDR Grindr-dienste representatives of the possibility of such damage was made on GRINDR.
They agree that the agreement established in this subpart, even after the termination or liability limits
To termination of this agreement, and that you, as far as law was allowed also are valid if one of its essential purpose described this agreement not fulfilled. limited remedies
Under no circumstances exceed the total liability of (or their contractors,, GRINDR staff representatives, member company or suppliers) for damage licensor losses from and in conjunction with or KLAGEANSPRÜCHE this agreement or its use of (whether it is created Grindr-dienste breach of contract, (including), criminal acts of negligence, or other causes) are a violation GARANTIEPFLICHT the level of them for the use of paid fee for twelve (12 Grindr-dienste) months immediately prior to the date of recovery or fifty dollars, whichever amount is greater.
Paragraph 18 is not a disclaimer of intended for the cases after the liability not applicable law GRINDR may. AUSSCHLIESSEN
They confirm the commercial benefits of agreement with GRINDR.
You note and confirm that the Grindr-dienste by referring to the GRINDR above and offered and the fees to be covered by disclaimers liability limits set and this agreement.
Also note and confirm that in this agreement a sensible and be covered by disclaimers liability limits and fair distribution of risk between them and represent and that the and be covered by disclaimers GRINDR in this agreement is an essential basis of the liability limits agreement between them and form. GRINDR
Without these restrictions and exclusions would be unable to give you the GRINDR on economic basis offer. Grindr-dienste portable
Exemption hereby make us and our agent, staff representatives, and assignee) in its broadest lawful successor framework for always free and shall refrain from any previous, current and future disputes, claims, conflicts, demands, rights, obligations and guarantees and complaints of any kind (including bodily injury, on right psychological distress,, death, and identity theft) Eigentumsverlust directly or indirectly criminal damage incurred or are caused by or directly or indirectly relating to: (1) and interactions with other actions, omissions and the same Benutzerinhalte Grindr-benutzern or (2) websites, products, services, or left by third parties on or above Grindr-dienste are available.
SCHIEDSGERICHTSVEREINBARUNG settlement of disputes; and they agree that all already incurred or Grindr future disputes, which in any associated with its use of the management, including matters on the validity, Grindr-dienste interpretation, application or termination of this agreement or injury,, which is otherwise relate to matters (") " collective Grindr, in accordance with the provisions in the Streitgegenstände section 21 to be resolved.
Informal settlement: if disagreements come with us, we agree that they are hereby prior to the initiation of official legal steps in turn to us, we @ grindr.com a short written depiction of the disagreement and their contact details (including electronic address, send with your account is linked, if the dispute to an account is) and sixty (60) days missed, in which we will try to reach an amicable settlement of the problem.
Governing laws: the contracting parties agree that the arbitration of the federal act (including Us-bundesgesetze) and, where they do not Bundesschiedsgerichtsgesetzes incompatible with or already covered by these-Bundesgesetzen laws without consideration of the application of the state of california in dispute resolution, but find Kollisionsrechtsgrundsätze it is in the specific provisions explicitly otherwise provided.
Arbitration: the contracting parties agree that the present agreement and all parts thereof, including evidence of transaction are and that the intergovernmental trade in all cases apply when Us-bundesschiedsgerichtsgesetz basis for the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration regulation and serves. arbitration
All Streitgegenstände must by a binding arbitration american arbitration association (" aaa ") in accordance with its procedures for disputes be invoked (under individually verbraucherbezogene use of personal meetings and telephone or, where this to reduce travel costs videoconferencing and permitted) appropriate.
The contracting parties agree that the arbitrator neither, nor the collection or carried out by claims for Gruppenverfahren individuals brings together or consolidated.
The contracting parties agree also that the referee, no authority or a court at the state, international, national or local level-exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any dispute in connection with the interpretation, validity, the achievement of this agreement, or enforceability included the claim that this agreement fully or partially invalid or any right is countervailable or referred for arbitration.
We agree, moreover, that the award by the referee at each competent court can be produced.
Arbitrator ruling: we agree that the arbitration panel ruling on matters of 5000 and claims the essential findings and conclusions that it contains the decision of the arbitrator based.
The referee decides in accordance with the applicable law and taking into account established principles of the subject of the Billigkeitsrechts claims and taking into account all recognised by law Privilegienansprüche.
The referee is not in decisions in past with other users, but to arbitration decisions in with the same procedure, where applicable law required Grindr-benutzer bound.
The contracting parties agree that the award and is binding and that the final decision by the referee at each competent court can be produced.
Unterlassungs- legal protection by and except for the provisions in section subject: below is determined by the referee every 21.6 liabilities relating to of them or declared claims and can or Grindr only in favour of each applicant Feststellungs- Unterlassungsansprüche party and only in that amount, which is necessary to grant by the individual claim of this party to ensure legal protection justified.
Grindr or where they have claimed a public (and the main purpose of Unterlassungsanspruch -wirkung is unlawful acts to ban a possible future public), the injury suffered by the mean and the size of the rating before a competent civil court and not in right arbitration, where the party, which fought the government invoked, first in the arbitration Unterlassungsanspruch has prevailed.
The parties agree that the dispute on all matters of public Unterlassungsanspruchs pending the decision on the merits of individual claims in the arbitration is suspended.
Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung exemptions from the: there are only two exceptions to this Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung:
Firstly: if a party founded assumes that the other party in any way the intellectual property rights of first party has infringed or threatened to infringe the party could, whose rights have been violated, or request to issue a injunctions for interim order by a competent court level.
Still reserves the right to legal assistance each party before a, provided that the relevant to ask Bagatellgericht disputes or claims of the competence of each subject to court.
Takeover of the contracting parties agree that the costs: legal, administrative and payment of all the rules to aaa Schiedsrichtergebühren unless otherwise specified. this Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung
Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung future changes to the contrary provisions in the agreement shall, notwithstanding the parties notes that this future changes not for claims are valid to Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung Grindr prior to the date of entry into force of amendments were brought.
Changes are, however, for all other already incurred or future disputes or claims that the valid between the parties subject to Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung
You should not accept these amendments, will you account within thirty (30) days following the publication or notification reconstitution and are relevant not by the amended provisions linked.
Jurisdiction Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung: if this not for you or a specific right or directly (as a result of their dispute against the opposition, as a result of a decision of the arbitrator Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung or a court order or because these for you as a user not effective international Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung) and if no other arrangement between the parties agreed or according to section) applies (21.6.2 Bagatellgericht do you agree that any already incurred or future claim or dispute between them and only before the heads of state or Grindr died in los angeles county, california, usa) negotiations.
The contracting parties declare their willingness to with regard to all these judicial procedures the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts personal in los angeles county, california, usa) to suggest.
The SCHIEDSGERICHTSVEREINBARUNG you can.
New Grindr-benutzer if they are, they can rule on the (" "), with SCHIEDSGERICHTSVEREINBARUNG reject by providing a WIDERSPRUCHSBENACHRICHTIGUNG by e-mail to @ ") (" ARBITRATIONOPTOUT Grindr.com or by post to the following WIDERSPRUCHSBENACHRICHTIGUNG address: send, po box, llc Grindr 69176 west hollywood, ca. the must within thirty 90069 WIDERSPRUCHSBENACHRICHTIGUNG (30) days from the date on which the provisions of this agreement for the first time accepted in us.
New Grindr-benutzer, if you don't have to take us within thirty (30) days after the publication of the new provisions in writing of their informed. with
Inconsistency about their approach to the conflict with explain, send an email with name, address (street, town, including state and postal code), with the email address is linked to the account is a contradiction, as well as a raw digital image of valid driving licence: arbitrationoptout @ grindr.com.
The is the only way to Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung to disagree.
Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung contradict, if they remain all other parts of this agreement and of section for dispute resolution for it to be valid (including those clauses to 19 " they confirm the commercial benefits of agreement with and 14 to 18 (14 " Grindr: " advertising ', 15: ", " 16, " disclaimer Endbenutzerlizenzen; guaranteeing, " to them: " exemption from 17 " and 18; indemnification guarantee Grindr: " liability and ")). Entschädigungsbeschränkung
Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung opposition to this does not affect earlier, further or future between them and. Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarungen Grindr
Waiving certain rights: by the assent to the agreement without them irrevocably on (i) all rights to trial (except for the above proceedings before courts for) (ii) to the presence of BAGATELLFÄLLE as agent, or in any other lawyer representing and to participate in a judicial function, arbitration or other proceedings against us and / or a related third party as a member of a group of KLÄGERN, even if a arbitration pursuant to this agreement is not necessary, and (iii) to SCHWURGERICHTSVERHANDLUNGEN.
Limitation period for their rights, irrespective of any legal provisions, all other rights or with the use of the website KLAGERECHTE, of services or linked to this agreement or emerge within one year of the occurrence of such (1) or claim are submitted, otherwise they KLAGERECHTS verjähren.
Guidelines for the notification and removal illegal content
Grindr respects intellectual property rights and expects the same of users.
Grindr announces without notice with immediate effect, the accounts of users of repeated " identified as " Grindr Rechtsverletzer.
Repeated Rechtsverletzer as is a user that Grindr more than twice and / or its activities has notified rechtsverletzende Benutzerinhalte more than twice from the Grindr-diensten removed. (
Note we reserve the right, also at a single accounts referred to in section 8.3 to end right.
By rights holders or as if they are authorised and the view that a content on their copyright, you can hurt Grindr-diensten this incident report by one of the following information: notified in writing Grindr Urheberrechtsbevollmächtigten
Physical or electronic signature of a person to act in the name of the holder of the copyright is authorised; allegedly injured
Supposedly identifying the injured, or, if copyrighted material in several copyright materials are treated, reporting a representative list of materials to the appropriate Grindr-diensten;
The identification of the later of the material, the subject of that material or injury is and remove or on which access is to be avoided, as well as sufficient information for searching of the material;
Grindr sufficient information according to which the party can contact, such as beschwerdeführende address, telephone number, e-mail where available to contact;
A statement that the controversial use of the material in the manner by the holder of the copyright, not reported an official or by law is permitted (possible wording could read: ' i take, for example, in good faith that the use of the copyrighted content, is set out in this letter, not by the holder of the copyright, the authorised representative or by the law are permitted to "); and
A statement that the contained in the notification claims are accurate and in threat of penalty in the event of that party to act Meineides beschwerdeführende on behalf of the holder of the copyright is violated, is entitled (a supposedly could read as follows: " wording for this i will say instead of, as well as threats of punishment in one case of that information in that notification Meineides true, and that i am entitled to the holder of the copyright or, on behalf of the content of that same to act. " Urheberrechtsinhabers).
By Grindr is accessible at the following address: named Urheberrechtsbevollmächtigte
Grindr llc
Attention: copyright agent
P.o. box 69176
West hollywood, ca 90069
Tel: + 1 310 776-6680
E-mail: help @ grindr.com
Should exclusively in this section treated the notifications to be judged. designated Grindr Urheberrechtsbevollmächtigten
They note that their may not is valid if their Dmca-meldung reporting not all conditions set out in section 22.
Please note that according to § 512 (f) of the united states (us) each, copyright act Urhebergesetzes of knowingly wrong information on a breach by materials or activities, for power can be held liable.
Apple app store the following additional conditions shall apply: additional terms and conditions, if you on an apple app store relate. Grindr-software
Provided that the terms and conditions in the agreement are less restrictive or contrary to the terms and conditions in section 23 are, the more restrictive or unless otherwise provided for in section 23 administration, but only in respect of the apple app store Grindr-software:
Grindr confirmation: and they confirm that this agreement does not with apple, but between them, and that is closed and Grindr Grindr sole responsibility for apple, not their content and take over. the Grindr-software
Benutzungsregeln Grindr-software for in this agreement provided that the are less restrictive or contrary to the in the apple app for Benutzungsregeln Grindr-software are, the more restrictive or conflicting Store-nutzungsbedingungen apple app use. Store-nutzungsbedingungen
Lizenzumfang allotted to them: licence is limited to the Grindr-software non-transferable right to use of in their possession or ownership on each Grindr-software held within the framework of the apple app ios-gerät Store-nutzungsbedingungen set. Benutzungsregeln
Grindr maintenance and support: is solely responsible for maintenance and in relation to how in Supportdienstleistungen Grindr-software (where applicable) this agreement or under applicable law as required.
Grindr and they confirm that no commitment is apple, maintenance and in relation to carry out. Supportdienstleistungen Grindr-software
Guarantee Grindr: is solely responsible for any explicit or laid down by law, unless they have been effectively excluded Produktgarantien.
Guarantee should be applicable for not be presented, you can apple Grindr-software inform them, and the purchase price for the apple refunded. Grindr-software
Apple has in the widest lawful under no further in relation to, so that for Garantieverpflichtungen all other claims, Grindr-software losses, guarantees as regards the damage and costs a guarantee solely responsible. non-compliance Grindr
Produktansprüche Grindr: and they confirm that-not for the clarification-apple Grindr their claims or rights of third parties in respect of their wealth, and / or their Grindr-software use of is responsible, which include the following elements Grindr-software: (i) Produkthaftungsansprüche; (ii) claims that the applicable legal requirements; not the Grindr-software and (iii) claims of consumer protection or similar laws.
Grindrs liability towards them by this agreement is not on the legal framework, permitted limited.
Grindr intellectual property rights, and they confirm that apple-the sole responsibility-not Grindr for the investigation, defence, and if a mediation performance takes on third party claims that their wealth or their use of or Grindr-software Grindr-software the intellectual property rights of third party injured.
Requirements comply with their legal. it is stated and guarantee that (i) they are not in a country are against which exists or by the u.s. government as the us embargo " was recorded; and (ii terrorismusfördernd) have not been on a list of the us government for banned or restricted parties are listed.
Developer: name and address of the contact details for all questions, complaints or claims Grindr of end users in relation to this agreement as defined in clause 25.7 Grindr-software to find.
Vereinbarungsbestimmungen regarding third: in the use of it to the existing with regard Grindr-software on third parties meet. Vereinbarungsbestimmungen
Drittbegünstigter Grindr: and they confirm that apple and its subsidiaries of this agreement, and that apple, Drittbegünstigte following its acceptance of the provisions and conditions of this agreement, be given the right (and it is expected that apple adopted), this agreement this right as against them. Drittbegünstigte
State specific provisions applicable in terms of the following provisions are added to this agreement for cancellation and withdrawal of users, which paid subscriptions with arizona, california, connecticut, illinois, iowa, minnesota, new jersey, new york, north carolina, ohio, rhode island, wisconsin, or any other for which the state is required: it resident Rücktrittsbelehrung, buyers, this agreement without penalty or obligation may at any time before midnight (excluding sundays and holidays of the third business day) after completion of the original agreement to resign.
By this agreement, to send a signed and dated by notification, in which they, the buyer, this agreement or denounce (formulation). similar
Send the letter to:
Grindr llc
P.o. box 69176
West hollywood, ca 90069
They should, before the end of may, the proportion of die subscriptions paid in advance for the payment, the time after her death has been carried out, for her estate are calling for.
Should before the end of a paid subscriptions you experience and disability (a certificate of a doctor that you have for subscription can no longer enjoy), they have the right to a refund of the proportion of the payment in advance for the period after their disability is made.
This right by you can write to under the above address. demand Grindr
Miscellaneous
Severability waiving of recovery of provisions,: if any provision in this agreement as illegal, ineffective or for any reason, the effectiveness of the unworkable considers that it does not affect other provisions.
A provision of this agreement can only in writing by the beneficiary party removed. command
If a party for the fulfilment of one of the provisions of this agreement shall not affect the right of the party, which meet at a later point are respected.
A non-application of injury a provision of this agreement shall not be permanent in violation of the surrender or other provisions of this arrangement designed equal.
Grindr provides communications: by e-mail or in contributions to the communications, including notification of changes to Grindr-diensten this agreement, that you agree with the use of electronic communication.
Grindr if you want to give a communication set it request to the specified in section 25.7 postal address or email address.
After receiving such notification shall be effective.
They are, in contrast to not have to transfer rights, Grindr.
Do this agreement and to all its rights and licences granted or other not relinquish command.
Grindr is always and without giving any reason fully this agreement and the obligations herein contained delegate to third parties or assign.
You confirm and explain that agreed during transfer by another company that transfer of our company a sale or transfer of their, and they vote this transfer includes Benutzerinhalte without need further action to. or endorsements
Provisions validity of: the following sections have even after the termination of this agreement or its use of, or the end of her subscriptions to stock Grindr-dienste: 1-3, 4.3, 4.4, 5-7, 9.6, 9.7, 10, 15, 12-14), and (excluding 15.2 16-23.
No Drittbegünstigten: the former, present and future member company of (i.e. companies that Grindr control of controlled or Grindr Grindr under joint control with) are all rights, are Grindr Drittbegünstigte advantages and safeguard measures in accordance with this agreement, including Grindr section 21, to be granted.
Otherwise Drittbegünstigten from this, there is no agreement.
Headings full agreement;: the headings are purely for clarity, are not part of this agreement and the restriction of individual provisions or influence.
" Including " means " including and fully.
This is the full agreement between them and us in view of the matter and treated is not changed except in written form and agreed by both parties.
Disclosures; questions: in this agreement are of services referred to llc, po box, Grindr 69176 west hollywood, ca 90069.
Question complaint, if you have or can you give us under the above address or at the following e-mail address: help achieve @ grindr.com.
Inhabitants california, the complaint assistance unit () of the division of consumer services (appeal body division of consumer service) of the california department of consumer affairs (california department of consumer affairs) by post in 1625 north market blvd.,
95834 sacramento, ca, or telephone under + 1 or 1 800 + 916 445-1254 achieve. 952-5210
Special provisions for international users
United kingdom: the following provisions shall apply to all residents in the united kingdom and replace all provisions of this arrangement, where applicable stalled right required:
Resignation within a 14-day consumer: you have the right, within fourteen (14) their Grindr-premium-dienste days without giving any reason to quit.
Consumer ends the fourteen (14) days after the purchase of Grindr-premium-dienste.
Probeabonnement if you a free benefited, limits the consumer fourteen (14) days after the start of the. Probeabonnements
Resignation vierzehn- for their right to within the () put period to take 14, tell us from help @ in a clear declaration with their grindr.com Rücktrittsabsicht.
This you can the model withdrawal form, in annex i (b) of the consumer rights directive.
You the receipt of such a withdrawal without delay by email protocol.
To Rücktrittsfrist comply with, it is sufficient to us their communication on the mobilisation of the cancellation and withdrawal before the end of send Rücktrittszeitraums.
It Rücktrittskosten, do not separate, however, to save where this agreement does not differently, no payments reimbursed.
We reimburse them for the amount of the pro rata period of premium rate services. Premium-gebühr spare
A Premium-gebühr n / a for the period until the state its resignation (exclusively, in which the free Probezeitraums not paid) and then we shall have the share of the to. not Premium-diensten
We back them the amount without undue delay and no later than 14 (14) days after its notification to the. Kündigungsabsicht Premium-dienste
Reimbursement shall be made on the same of the initial payment Zahlungsweg used, unless specifically agreed otherwise.
Exceptions to the limitation of liability: this agreement includes the liability of (and their counterparties, Grindr member company, managers, employees, Subauftragnehmern boards, suppliers or representatives) in the following cases of licensors or restrict this: for death or injury due to negligence, fraud or before or other which are not on our side by law excluded Haftungsgründen or can be limited.
The SCHIEDSVERFAHRENSREGELUNG, it concerns (if any)
.
Resident if you in the united kingdom and the directive on consumer adr) and regulation (2013/11 / eu on consumer odr (eu) and all the regulations concerned 524/2013 individual eu member states are subject to, they are not affected by the in section 21, but by section SCHIEDSVERFAHRENSREGELUNG 21.8), where (gerichtsstand not legally in the.
Ask read section 21.8 carefully.
The platform of the european commission on online dispute resolution is available under the link: odr platform
Less favourable treatment in relation to the consumer law: enjoy all mandatory legal rights as consumers of the country in which they live.
The provisions of this agreement, including but not limited to, section 21 affect their legal rights as consumers not held local.
Local jurisdiction: the local laws legitimate they may be to negotiate a case before a local court, irrespective of the provisions in paragraph 21, which is agreed that each case, the not subject to the provisions of section 21 is before the courts in los angeles, california, united states negotiations.
By this agreement are all their rights, irrespective of the agreement shall not be limited.
Grindr is, however, not by the conclusion of this agreement or by other means of jurisdiction other than the courts in section 21 listed and reserves the right to the responsibility of each other court to challenge.
European union: the following provisions shall apply to persons resident in the eu and replace all provisions of this arrangement, where applicable stalled written: right
Resignation within a 14-day consumer: you have the right, within fourteen (14) their Grindr-premium-dienste days without giving any reason to quit.
Consumer ends the fourteen (14) days after the purchase of Grindr-premium-dienste.
Probeabonnement if you a free benefited, limits the consumer fourteen (14) days after the start of the. Probeabonnements
Resignation vierzehn- for their right to within the () put period to take 14, tell us from help @ in a clear declaration with their grindr.com Rücktrittsabsicht.
This you can the model withdrawal form, in annex i (b) of the consumer rights directive.
You the receipt of such a withdrawal without delay by email protocol.
To Rücktrittsfrist comply with, it is sufficient to us their communication on the mobilisation of the cancellation and withdrawal before the end of send Rücktrittszeitraums.
It Rücktrittskosten, do not separate, however, to save where this agreement does not differently, no payments reimbursed.
We reimburse them for the amount of the pro rata period of premium rate services. Premium-gebühr spare
A Premium-gebühr n / a for the period until the state its resignation (exclusively, in which the free Probezeitraums not paid) and then we shall have the share of the to. not Premium-diensten
We back them the amount without undue delay and no later than 14 (14) days after its notification to the. Kündigungsabsicht Premium-dienste
Reimbursement shall be made on the same of the initial payment Zahlungsweg used, unless specifically agreed otherwise.
Exceptions to the limitation of liability: this agreement includes the liability of (and their counterparties, Grindr member company, managers, employees, boards, Subauftragnehmern representatives, and not from third) or restrict this a licensors, unless they are by law excluded or limited.
The SCHIEDSVERFAHRENSREGELUNG, it concerns (if any)
.
Resident if you in the european union and the directive on consumer adr) and regulation (2013/11 / eu on consumer odr (eu) and all of the individual concerned implementing regulations 524/2013 eu member states are subject to, they are not affected by the in section 21, but by section SCHIEDSVERFAHRENSREGELUNG 21.8), where (gerichtsstand not legally in the.
Ask read section 21.8 carefully.
The platform of the european commission on online dispute resolution is available under the link: odr platform
Less favourable treatment in relation to the consumer law: enjoy all the necessary legal rights as consumers of the country in which they live.
The provisions of this agreement, including but not limited to, section 21 affect their legal rights as consumers not held local.
Local jurisdiction: the local laws legitimate they may be to negotiate a case before a local court, irrespective of the provisions in paragraph 21, which is agreed that each case, the not subject to the provisions of section 21 is before the courts in los angeles, california, united states negotiations.
By this agreement are all their rights, irrespective of the agreement shall not be limited.
Grindr is, however, not by the conclusion of this agreement or by other means of jurisdiction other than the courts in section 21 listed and reserves the right to the responsibility of each other court to challenge.
Spain resident in spain: if you apply for them, in addition to the above provisions for eu citizens, where applicable, the following provisions is required, unless otherwise provided for all right this agreement replace:
Language: it is the spanish version of this agreement.
Grindr changes: it is of any relevant modification of the services and / or directives and terms and conditions thereof. this
Extensions Grindr informed in advance: (directly or through a) on the app store or the before the Verlängerungsdatum Premium-abonnements Probeabonnements their credit or debit card.
: Abandon them not to their moral rights and if you also to your moral rights Benutzerinhalten out.
Portugal resident in portugal: if you apply to them, in addition to the above provisions for eu citizens, where applicable, the following provisions is required, unless otherwise provided for all right this agreement replace:
Language: it is the portuguese version of this agreement.
Grindr changes: it is of any relevant modification of the services and / or directives and terms and conditions thereof. this
Extensions Grindr informed in advance: (directly or through a) on the app store or the before the Verlängerungsdatum Premium-abonnements Probeabonnements their credit or debit card.
: Abandon them not to their moral rights and if you also to your moral rights Benutzerinhalten out.
Germany: the following provisions shall apply to all residents in germany and replace all unless otherwise provided for, where applicable law required of this agreement:
Consent to: they note that deletion of data by the use of the cancellation of their data (e.g. Grindr-dienste to other users) following the notification of the chat of to the other users agree.
Haftungsbeschränkungen: the following provisions shall instead of conflicting or contradictory text in provisions shall apply:
Exclusively we are as follows: we shall have unlimited joint liable in accordance with the legislation (i) for damage caused by the violation of life, body or health gain; (ii) in intent; (iii) in cases of gross negligence; and (iv) in accordance with the Produkthaftungsgesetz.
Without restricts the above are liable for light we only in the case of violation of negligence " essential " duty under this treaty. "
Essential duties " in this context, for the performance of the contract obligations are necessary, breach of which achieve the would question, and on Vertragszwecks compliance with therefore regularly trusted.
In such cases, the liability limited to damage; in other cases and predictable vertragstypische is no liability for slight negligence.
Grindr where the liability of pursuant to the preceding provisions excluded or is limited, this also applies to the liability of legal representatives, employees and for his Grindr agents.
Haftungsbeschränkungen remain on this the end of the contract between them and as well as on the duration of its use of Grindr Grindr-dienste, effective.
Increases: increase our prices and without prejudice to section 6 change only in so far as the services under german law is admissible.
No exemption: section 17 does not concern you.
Blocking Grindr may only suspend your account: if you against this agreement or violate the law.
Grindr takes im falle einer sperrung all by german law required before. refunds
Reimbursement shall be made on the same of the initial payment Zahlungsweg used, unless specifically agreed otherwise.
: Abandon them not to their moral rights and if you also to your moral rights Benutzerinhalten out.
Canada: the following provisions shall apply to all residents in canada and replace all unless otherwise provided for, where applicable law required of this agreement:
Settlement: sections () and / or 21.3-21.7 arbitrations (waiving) do not apply collective redress 21.11 for you, if these provisions according to the laws their place of residence are unenforceable.
Section 21.8 is also in such cases, remain valid.
Rücktrittsrechte: citizens may have some provinces by local laws required for the termination of premium rate services Rücktrittsrechte.
Grindr Rücktrittsrechte takes account of this.
Australia: the following provisions shall apply to all residents in australia and replace all unless otherwise provided for, where applicable law required of this agreement:
Abroad: transfer of personal data by their consent to the transmission and processing of their data in the united states and any other legal system of the world take note that other legal systems (including the us) may not have the legal data protection standards on privacy act (australia) from 1988 to existing bodies.
May appeal against them is not available, as neither the australian Grindr 8.1 () or § privacy principle Datenschutzgrundsatz 16c the privacy act apply.
Reverse engineering: restricting the modification, or the disassembly, decompilation Reverse-engineerings from part iii area is subject to their rights Grindr-dienste 4a (" can not be classified acts in the area) software copyright infringements of the australian copyright act (1968). copyright act
Guarantees Grindr for all applicable: the liability on from part 1 of the australian 3-2 guarantees area is limited to consumer:
Replacement delivery of products or the assumption of costs were equivalent (the replacement or delivery) or repair of the goods (or the takeover of the repair) for the event that they were supplied; and
The new services, or an assumption of new services, if services.
Argentina: the following provisions shall apply to all residents in argentina and replace all unless otherwise provided for, where applicable law required of this agreement:
Resignation 10-tägigen within a consumer.
You have the right, for the acquisition of its decision within ten (10) days Grindr-premium-dienste without giving any reason to withdraw.
The consumer ends 10 days after the purchase of. Grindr-premium-dienste
Probeabonnement if you a free benefited, limits the consumer 10 days after the start of the. Probeabonnements
For their right to resign within the period (10 %) put tens to take up, tell us from help @ in a clear declaration with their grindr.com Rücktrittsabsicht.
You the receipt of such a withdrawal without delay by email protocol.
To Rücktrittsfrist comply with, it is sufficient to us their communication on the mobilisation of the cancellation and withdrawal before the end of send Rücktrittszeitraums.
It Rücktrittskosten, do not separate, however, to save where this agreement does not differently, no payments reimbursed.
We reimburse them for the amount of the pro rata period of premium rate services. Premium-gebühr spare
A Premium-gebühr n / a for the period until the state its resignation (exclusively, in which the free Probezeitraums not paid) and then we shall have the share of the to. not Premium-diensten
We back them the amount without undue delay.
Reimbursement shall be made on the same of the initial payment Zahlungsweg used, unless specifically agreed otherwise.
Guidelines for the notification and illegal content: if you distance shall apply the directives on the people of argentina and reporting illegal content in section 21 distance not for you.
If you believe that content on them harm when Grindr-diensten are manifestly illegal are to be considered, they may instead, in which to send a notification Grindr the questionable content out and the documentation to prove their identity and detailed information on the damage caused by the substance contains.
Grindr shall examine the request and remove the contents in the case of unlawful (i.e. in child pornography, clear information which the commit a crime references to facilitate criminal offences or etc.). racism
All other harmful content that shall not manifestly illegal unless they have not eliminated Grindr decision to remove the present legal content.
Notifications of any kind for that purpose, please send in legal @ grindr.com.
Brazil: the following provisions shall apply to all residents in brazil and replace all unless otherwise provided for, where applicable law required of this agreement:
Rücktrittsrecht: you have the right, within seven (7) the Grindr-dienste calendar days without giving any reason to quit.
Consumer ends the seven (7) calendar days after the purchase of Grindr-dienste.
For their right to the resignation of seven (7) within the time limit to take, -tägigen tell us under legal @ in a clear declaration with their grindr.com Kündigungsabsicht.
You the receipt of such a withdrawal without delay by email protocol.
To Rücktrittsfrist comply with, it is sufficient to us their communication on the mobilisation of the cancellation and withdrawal before the end of send Rücktrittszeitraums.
We back them already paid all fees.
We to them without undue delay and as soon as possible after the amount notifying. Kündigungsabsicht
Reimbursement shall be made on the same of the initial payment Zahlungsweg used, unless specifically agreed otherwise.
The Schiedsverfahrensregelung does not concern you.
Each dispute, from this agreement is, before a competent court the place of residence of the user decided.
Notification sensitive to remove or confidential: in the case of unauthorised disclosure of their content photos, videos, pictures and other materials which contain confidential or sexual content Nacktaufnahmen undertakes to take all necessary measures to Grindr so that they fully and as quickly as possible to remove as far as content of our technical services feasible and provided that they show us by and specify content of the infringement to inform rechtsverletzenden.
They may also, on inaccurate, or insulting us, so we tell undesirable offensive content, where applicable, the necessary action to remove the content can take.
Use brazilian right: the contracting parties agree that this agreement is particularly with regard to brazilian right right to protection of privacy, personal data and the confidentiality of private communications and protocols.
The contracting parties undertake to comply with all applicable brazilian laws.
Saving records on her account, we retain their Anwendungsprotokolle six (6) in accordance with applicable law brazilian months from the start of the subscriptions confidential and in a safe and controlled environment.
We reserve the right to Anwendungsprotokolle and / or other communications, including confidential, disclose, Kontoaufzeichnungen for judicial orders comply with.
Fees: you'll get a message on her mobile device notified if charges for the use of total or partial Grindr-dienste either (i), so that they are the appropriate service and the related fees can adopt, after which she asked to enter your; or (ii) Kreditkartendetails appropriate service and the free part of the reject continue to benefit from Grindr-dienste
Limitation: in the context of the provisions of this arrangement can be found in the limitation of liability is not normally apply, because the system of public order in brazil a Schadloshaltungsverpflichtung.
The parties are aware that under brazilian law, the indirect damage is not allowed, for indemnification guarantee but only for effective damage and directly and immediately caused Gewinnverluste.
Limitation period for their claims: the provisions of this agreement as regards the limitation period there may be not for you, if the applicable law for a certain other brazilian right. limitation period
In this case, where the relevant brazilian their entitlement is established rule limitation period.
Changes to this agreement, we reserve the right at any time, from every reason and at their own discretion, the provisions in this agreement to amend without its prior consent is required.
They are informed of such changes.
Expiry date: 1 april 2020 or the date of acceptance by the user
