Terms and conditions of groupon international limited
This page lays down the conditions for the use of of international limited website and the groupon offered us offered services.
1 some fundamental things you should know about these conditions
1.1. what this document is, and who we are: you read a legal document that the agreement between them, the customers (which we in this document as " them, " " you " or " customer "), and we call.
She votes, and the conditions of use shown below as a whole as '. " agreement
Groupon we are and we are the operators of these international limited website and a range of services providers with this website are associated.
The groupon international limited is a in ireland with its headquarters in lower ground floor, connaught house, burlington road, dublin 1 ireland registered enterprises. 4, 216410
Unternehmensnummer 501358 our is, and we call ourselves in this document as " international, " " we, " groupon " us " or " our " and we are referring to us and to all other companies, including our Groupon-unternehmensgruppe related companies, parent companies and subsidiaries, as the ". " Groupon-unternehmensgruppe
Groupon international limited shall bear all the treaties, rights, obligations and responsibilities under the terms of the gmbh by this announced by Vertragsübernahme groupon (an ad in the paper this website or by a notice in other ways).
This means that only international limited under these conditions justified and groupon is obliged and they vote to the transfer and transfer of all contractual rights, obligations and responsibilities to irrevocably.
1.2. what we do: we offer a platform (including this website, mobile applications, etc.), on which we, our local subsidiaries and other providers (total as " ') offers for tickets, seller business, goods, and other products as a whole as " (Kurzurlaube article ') present.
As Plattformanbieter we help, transactions for article on our platform.
Never buyers and we are usually not the seller; we provide a place for sellers and for them to negotiate and transactions carried out.
This means that in addition to this agreement, other contractual relations with separate legal entities will have if you with the website interact.
1.3. what this is, no matter which rule legal relations you on the website, this is subject to the conditions of sale, buy the seller.
As groupon international not usually, this means that their seller is very likely with a different legal entity spa (often comes it is a company will act). Groupon-unternehmensgruppe
But please note that all contracts in signing an agreement is reached, only purchase between you and the seller are (and not international, unless groupon international is the seller). groupon
The seller is to sell and for dealing with any claim or all the other problems arising from or in connection with the treaty between them and the seller shown responsible.
Please also that you in relation to the purchase of a ticket finder in addition to the sales contract with the seller of a treaty between them and the ticket finder traders, the products, when they actually provides for this ticket (the " traders ") cash, finish. traders
Vouchers neither we nor in relation to take responsibility for a seller contracts in relation to fulfil your with a trader. ticket finder
Note finally that we never as a representative of the seller or trader.
1.4. whatever we do: we can provide a forum for to publish and to newsletter and other Benutzerinhalte communications to you to be.
To email to send, we need a little bit about you know.
Look on our data collection procedure and to our processing in further details to be told. privacy statement
Nutzungsumfang 1.5.: the website and our services are-if not expressly and in writing-only for your allowed and not for personal use, non-industrial business purposes only.
Do website on the only with our usual or mobile app, with similar for consumers and Internetbrowsern browsers certain applications, but not with a robot, access, a spider, or for use in offline-readers Website-suche or with a different automate retrieve website manual or automatic device tool or procedures for retrieval, or to explore data indexing through our website or similar, Scraping Spidering.
Exceptionally received our search engines operators of public right of materials by widerrufbare at any time, but the website to copy Spidern only for the purpose and only as far as necessary in order to a publicly available searchable index of, but not to create materials or these materials to create. caches archives
Limited license: 1.6. notwithstanding any scheme in this, is that they only following conditions purposes allowed the contents of this website to search (" automatically), indexieren crawlen () or show: (i) zwischenzuspeichern cache as part of the display of the website and (ii) (on optimising Suchmaschinenergebnisses accelerated or otherwise) the provision of mobile pages website to other users of the website.
Groupon reserves all rights, including copyright on his and his code, including content (html code for mobile pages) and optimised accelerated in these conditions is not an explicit or implicit withdrawal of rights or the enforceability of the conditions of use. groupon
1.7. exclusion from the use: we reserve the right, by the use of the website and their services (or parts of it).
1.8. definitions: in this agreement we use various defined terms.
They are all within or at the end of this agreement laid down in section 13.
2 application with us and your account
Why login: 2.1. dependent on the particular functionality our website it may be necessary to login to most of their functionality to use or to have access to a large part of our services to receive.
Anyway to register in order to purchase to make, except that it on our website available opportunity to make a guest shopping.
Guest shopping and if no account on our website, we will have it for you because you in relation to this transaction entered information (e.g. name, address, and other related information with the transaction Emailadresse create).
Account below you can take, given a password for this account.
Your account allows them easy access to their ticket, their last to see print purchases all its saving, and their attitudes to change Groupon-guthaben.
We reserve the right to reject a new notification or at any time an account to resign.
You report to us, so they don't every time you buy something, once again you have your information.
2.2 as register: for us to declare your name, postal code, e-mail address and possibly given some other personal information.
Passwords 2.3.: during the registration they are also inform your password.
Password keep and they must immediately inform us if an unwarranted third aware of this, or password if there's any unauthorised use your email address or any exist. you know Sicherheitsverstoß
We bear no responsibility and are not, if a person to your password has been revealed to our achievements and our website used (and / or on carrying out transactions).
Please note that they themselves are responsible, if they are completely wrong. their confidentiality to
Valid 2.4. e-mail addresses: all accounts with a valid email address must to which it regularly personal access are declared.
All accounts by e-mail or another person with temporary were registered in may at any time be closed e-mail addresses.
We allows users to reaffirm, to their accounts if we believe that they have been used an invalid email address.
E-mails 2.5.: management and can send Werbe-mails groupon international.
Them we can also provide information on their activities and purchases and on our website current account, and our services or other promotional offers given.
We can get them, information on the purchases, they have made to send.
Our they may at any time by clicking on the commercial e-mails Abmelde-link at the bottom of each of these E-mail-korrespondenz.) abbestellen
Push-benachrichtigungen 2.6.: agreed, as far as they can provide an international groupon for general tenders in it (s notifications Standortbezogene Promotion-push) mobile device (s) mail.
You can at any time by our by making the settings on logout Werbe-push-benachrichtigungen their mobile terminal change.
BENUTZERINHALTE.
Benutzerinhalte 3.1.: the site can users with account and visitors in the website available to reviews various possibilities, opinions, advice, assessments, comments, news, discussions and other communications, as well as answers to surveys, images, photos, videos, files, music and other content (total Sound-aufzeichnungen as " '), to publish. Benutzerinhalte
Benutzerinhalte fora, on may,,, surveys, chat rooms Bulletin-boards Diskussionsgruppen or other means of communication, to be published, the blogs on, over or each in conjunction with the website or services are offered.
Sometimes you may need an account, to be published. Benutzerinhalte
Benutzerinhalten 3.2. producers of by: that they help to ensure Benutzerinhalte the producer of the, or on behalf of the creator Benutzerinhalte act and the explicit permission of the creator have this previous, submit to publish and that they Benutzerinhalte over all rights necessary to perform all covered by this arrangement licences and authorisations in respect of the grant. Benutzerinhalte
Also assure you (or, if they act on behalf of the creator of the, they have been satisfied Benutzerinhalts that the producer) that the insured must communicate to the for their purposes does not selected Benutzerinhalte copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights or rights of third parties, including the rights to privacy, publication or injured.
Restrictions 3.3.: do material by copyright, trademarks or other property is protected, not without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademarks or other property, post or otherwise upload made available on the website.
Groupon has no explicit commitment or responsibility, you evidence to provide markings or anything else that helps them to determine whether the material in question is protected by copyright or was.
Alone from the damage shall be liable for infringements of copyright, trademarks, ownership or damage caused by other such publication result.
Other limitations and prohibited activities should, you know are down in section 5 below.
Benutzerinhalten 3.4.: use of international has the sole and groupon full right, but not the obligation, to review, to deal with, to Benutzerinhalte items whose publication refuse to remove them and monitored.
Groupon international has also the sole and absolute right, but not the obligation, the and the circumstances of their submission at any time, third Benutzerinhalte over for some reason to disclose.
This includes the verification of whether this agreement and the international guidelines established and existing laws, groupon rules or legitimate requirements of government are complied with.
Reserves groupon no restriction on the above the right material from the international website in sole and discretionary removed.
Groupon international shall not be liable for or other information, the appropriate or Benutzerinhalte from the website or elsewhere have been removed.
Groupon international shall not be obliged to use this and their Benutzerinhalte may never used.
3.5 modification or removal of Benutzerinhalten: in certain circumstances and from time to time it may be possible, that they sent over their or Nutzerinhalt account to amend or remove have published.
Groupon international is no representation or guarantees that the which they change or remove Benutzerinhalte modified or removed, or that the website or elsewhere no longer via the internet, Nutzerinhalt social media websites, or in any other form, media search engines or technologies will appear.
3.6 Benutzerinhalte. the public: you are aware and you will agree that publicly. Benutzerinhalte
Each person (if a user of the services of international or not) can their Benutzerinhalte groupon without their knowledge.
Add therefore no additional personal information or other information in their, unless they Benutzerinhalten want this publicly disclose.
Groupon international is not for the publication of personal information or other information they related to reveal, responsible. Benutzerinhalten
Disclaimer Benutzerinhalte: any type of 3.7. or a third party by them and not by their author or distributors international created. groupon
Other users may items that inaccurate, misleading or Benutzerinhalte deceptive.
Groupon Benutzerinhalte international is not to adopt and is not for Benutzerinhalte or other person responsible and liable to them for any loss or damage caused by not your trust. on a Benutzerinhalt
Benutzerinhalte reflect the opinion of the person and not the opinion of that be published international. groupon
Groupon international controls or does not support and explicitly rejected any liability related Benutzerinhalte on or in connection with its contribution and its use.
Also liable for their confidence in and groupon measures resulting from its Benutzerinhalte participation in any part of the website or the services, including anstößiger operators. Benutzerinhalte
3.8 granting rights.: some of you to send international Benutzerinhalte groupon may be published or give them the option of this in connection with their own personal information or a part of their personal data, for example, to publish their names, initials, username, bild, preferences, social networking site Benutzerkontonamen voice and location.
They groupon international and the grant a free, permanent, irrevocable, Groupon-gruppe, fully paid, not exclusive, unterlizenzierbare transferable, the personal data, the global rating in connection with their appear to use to show Benutzerinhalt, to distribute, to buy and sell offer, irrespective of whether alone or as part of other works and in what form, medium or technologies is whether this is now known Benutzerinhalt or later, and these rights will be developed for several levels of compensation paid to you, both without Unterlizenznehmern unterzulizensieren.
Groupon international, however, is not obliged to their personal data in connection with a shall be used. Nutzerinhalt
3.9 license: the relationship between them. and they will all international groupon the ownership of the transmission or items, which they Nutzerinhalten keep.
But clear with the release of or other information on or above the Benutzerinhalten website and a free, international groupon irrevocable, permanent, Groupon-gruppe, fully paid, not exclusive, unterlizenzierbare transferable justification, to use the world to replicate, Benutzerinhalt derived works to create, to publish, to deal with, to translate to distribute, list to show to offer to buy and sell, regardless of whether alone or as part of other works and in what form, medium or technologies is whether this is now known Benutzerinhalt or later, and these rights to be developed over a number of levels, each without compensating them Unterlizenznehmern unterzulizensieren.
What all or other rights in respect of the moral rights attribution of authorship or integrity of materials in respect of which they under the applicable law under Benutzerinhalte rechtstheorie may have any.
Groupon licence from the international and the personal data transmitted or to Groupon-unternehmensgruppe Benutzerinhalten shall include the use for promotion actions, promotion, marketing, market research, or any other legitimate purpose Händler-feedback, quality control.
3.10 practices. relating to copyright: reserves the right to their groupon right or third party's right to use the website to end, if such use the copyright other injured.
Groupon may in certain circumstances and to their right and the right sole discretion by third parties to have access to the website quit when decides that it or a third party groupon once again infringements do.
If you think that, on the website of materials were posted a third copyright infringement, and if they are groupon inform would be finding the following side here or submit Sieihre copyright agent of the following information given groupon: (a) a physical or electronic signature of the person who is authorised to commit the owner of the copyrighted work to act; (b) an identification of the copyright and the location of the plant allegedly work on the website; (c rechtsverletzenden) a written declaration that they believe in good faith that the disputed by the owner, representative not approved or use right hands is not permitted; (d) their name and contact details, including, inter alia, telephone and e-mail address; and (e) a statement by you, that the above information to their knowledge of the true and in threat of penalty in case of a copyright owners, or have the power to Meineids the copyright owners to take action.
Contact information for the copyright for reporting agent of groupon is: copyright
Groupon, inc.
Attn: copyright agent
C / o the risk management department
Floors 11-12, aldgate tower
2 leman street, london, united kingdom 8fa e1
E-mail: @ groupon.com emearisklegal
Procedure for the notification of infringements: if you holders of copyright, trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights (" holders of rights "), or a representative who is authorised to commit the holders of rights to act (" authorised representative '), and they are of the opinion that the materials in good faith or products on the website copyright or other intellectual property rights, brand hurt and you wish, you can tell that you / groupon ebeanstandung / en call.
3.11 Unaufgeforderte. communication of ideas: we accept or checking not directly or through a staff or representatives of international material of any kind, groupon voluntarily ideas including ideas or suggestions on new or improved products, improvements, on behalf of or technologies, advertising and marketing campaigns, plans or other actions.
Send us (or one of our staff) no ideas, suggestions, material, images unverlangten or other works in any way (" materials "). unverlangte
Unverlangte if you send materials that they are satisfied that the following provisions to be applied regardless of any credit or other conditions that they accompany:
Groupon international shall not be obliged to verify and materials unverlangte confidential; and materials unverlangte
Groupon international which will own the materials can make use of it and can unverlangten them for all purposes, full and free from any obligation to acknowledge them or you to pay.
Groupon international standards and limitation of liability.
4.1 standards under which we work: at what it seeks international groupon always does his best to give and give an assurance that:
4.1.1 we to fulfil our obligations under this agreement, in the performance, and the necessary care act
4.1.2. we the principles of professional diligence not oppose.
4.2.: section 4 is important.
This section 4 has priority over all other sections in this agreement, and our entire liability in respect of the performance, performance or delay in the alleged Nichtleistung fulfil this agreement or of the services or the website or purchases (or parts of it) or in other connection with this agreement or the conclusion or the fulfilment of this agreement set.
4.3. we are responsible for: nothing in this agreement or limited liability for our includes (i); (was for Haftungsverpflichtung (ii) by our negligence caused death or injury; (iii) a great sin of us, not excluding sin was committed, or even international groupon (iv) any liability not valid or may be restricted by law excluded.
4.4 categories of loss, which we do not have to represent: regardless of clause, as we only 4.3: the website and provide services to their use, we never liable for nicht-geschäftliche: 4.4.1. loss of income or revenue; 4.4.2. loss of actual or anticipated revenue loss of transactions; or;. 4.4.3 4.4.4. (and for the indirect or sequelae avoidance of doubt, we understand the word " " within the meaning of " collateral damage, sequelae regardless of whether this damage or are known, foreseen predictable or otherwise incurred.
Their duties.
5.1.: they shall ensure that all accurate information in the prior notice and in the course of this agreement information identified true, complete and correct and that they tell us immediately of changes to that information by them in their account updated.
5.2 content at: it is their responsibility to ensure that all article or information (), or products are available on the website, their specific requirements.
5.3. things that you can not do without restriction: they shall undertake to the services or the website use it and not a third not to allow them to use in order to:
5.3.1 some material, including that not civilized or tasteful is Benutzerinhalte,, to send or receive upload;
Benutzerinhalte 5.3.2. materials, including, to send or receive upload, that illegal, harmful, offensive, do without,,, racist, homophobic, hateful belästigend, damaging, violent, misleading, offensive, pornographic, indecent obscene, threatening or defamatory or blasphemous to natural or legal persons is libellous as contempt of court or as directly, or a breach of the breach the rights of other natural or legal person, including copyright, patents, trade marks, business secrets, rights to protect personal rights publication or privacy or other rights of third parties;
5.3.3 materials, including,,, or to send Benutzerinhalten upload to receive, for which they do not all necessary licences and / or authorisations received (by us or by third parties); or the behaviour is or encouraged, which is regarded as a criminal offence at a civil liability can lead or otherwise against the law or against the rights of third parties in each country in the world is.
Upload 5.3.4., to send or receive material that is harmful (including computer viruses, technically, trojans, worms, logical bombs, corrupt data harmful components harmful software, or anything else, that the harmful data functionality of software or cut off, damaged or otherwise interfere with Computer-ausstattung to loss, damage, destruction or reduction of the functionality of software or can lead); Computer-ausstattung
5.3.5 trouble., or to cause unnecessary fear inconvenience.
5.3.6. communications with be transferred or intercept telecommunications systems to try.
5.3.7. to an other than the intended purpose of us to use;
5.3.8. for fraudulent purposes; or
5.3.9. in any way to use aimed at hatred against ethnic, religious or other minorities to incite, or otherwise seeks to a person, group or entity at risk.
5.4 prohibited.: the following uses of the website and uses services are expressly prohibited and undertake the following actions, not (or other this for export:
Resale 5.4.1. the services or the website;
5.4.2 the use of false data, including false names, addresses and contact details and the fraudulent use of credit /; Debit-kartennummern
5.4.3. to our security or network access to the data to avoid including to not intended for them on a server or account to which they explicitly not to have the security of other networks or access authorisation to test (for instance through the implementation of an); Port-scans
5.4.4. access to services (or website) in such a way to take or an action to commit to an inappropriate or disproportionate burden on our infrastructure is or would be or otherwise the functionality, efficiency and operating disturbs or cut;
5.4.5. kind of network monitor, to carry out not for you certain data; abfängt
5.4.6. unwanted e-mails to send, including the dispatch of " ' or other persons, in advertising Junk-e-mail such a material is expressly requested.
They expressly prohibits undesirable to dispatch. Massen-e-mails
Include Massenversand of advertising or publicity, and political or religious tracts Informationsansagen.
Such material sent those which it specifically requested.
Where a recipient informs them that these e-mails, it may no longer wish to receive this person of any other more send e-mails.
5.4.7 Kettenbriefe. " " or " other " to draw up or pass on any kind of Schneeballsysteme, regardless of whether the recipient wishes to receive or not; such Mailings
5.4.8. malignant e-mails, including a user or to send a website with very large many e-mails to flood; or
5.4.9. fraudulent interactions with us, a seller or transactions or dealer (including interactions or transactions, carried out on behalf of a third but without the allegedly carried out this third power to bind or where they do so, as if they were a third);
5.4.10. services or the website (or an equivalent functionality of these) in violation to use this agreement;
5.4.11. unjustified to use or to counterfeit; Mail-header-informationen
5.4.12. to or criminal activities in connection with the illegal use of services and / or the website or a to participate; or ticket finder
5.4.13. reproduction or use of Benutzerinhalten for commercial purposes.
Equipment 5.5., services and the use of the website shall not involve the provision of a computer or other equipment necessary to the website or the services access.
To to use website or services require a connection, and appropriate telecommunications.
We accept no liability for telephone costs, or other costs they telecommunications policy.
6 rules on the use of services and.
6.1 errors and omissions: we are not liable for errors or omissions (e.g. a ticket in eur instead of eur 199), 1.99 if we in the issue section 4 of this agreement have complied with standards laid down.
We are all reasonable efforts to correct errors or omissions, having of them have been informed.
We reserve the right, without prior announcement vouchers, services and information, article on the website or for services to members from time to time to change, adapt to replace or repealed.
6.2 viruses and similar things. i assume no guarantee that the services or the website free of viruses or anything else, which may have detrimental effects on technology.
Interruption 6.3. access: though we try and continuous access to the services and the website to allow, the access to services and the website, reduced or stopped at any time be blocked.
Their access to the website and / or services may sometimes be restricted to repair, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services to be provided.
We will try to such access, as soon as it reasonably possible is to be restored.
We shall also the right to access to lock and / or to change or any material which in our view, an infringement of this agreement is to be removed.
6.4 closure of accounts:. we reserve the right to close accounts if a user against our conditions of use (i.e. this agreement is).
Includes using (internet), with the Proxy-ips, objective, Protocol-adressen the use of multiple accounts to hide or if a user alleges that in a country other than that in which he established, or if he is in fact is the website or services in any way is.
6.5. several accounts: if you use more accounts and we take action against them, they can be taken against all the accounts.
7 suspension and termination
7.1. if they are services, the website in violation of this agreement (or if a person other than benefit it with your permission do), we can they use the services and / or the website (partly or entirely) block.
7.2. if we services or the website, we can refuse to block the services or the website for you until we restore an assurance of them in a form that we as a look at that there be no further acceptable violation of the provisions of this agreement.
Groupon 7.3. international shall be fully associated with all law enforcement or cooperate followed the call set out by judicial decision is required, the identity and the international groupon residence in violation of this agreement a person disclosed.
7.4 without something else. in this section, we are entitled to restrict 7 immediately or at any time (partly or entirely): (i) of the services and / or the website to block; (ii) by the use of services and / or the website to exclude; (iii) for persons, which we believe that they (in whatever manner) connected with them, the use of the services and / or the website to block; and / or (iv) this agreement immediately stop if you an infringement of this agreement: 7.4.1. commit; we think that from a legitimate reason 7.4.2. they have committed an infringement of this agreement or commit; or from a legitimate reason we suspect that 7.4.3. a was against us or any other person committed or commit.
7.5. without prejudice to any other information in this section 7 we can denounce this treaty.
7.6. our right to terminate this agreement is without prejudice to other rights, which we may our in relation to a violation or in relation to our rights, commitments or liabilities prior to the termination.
Data protection.
8.1 unseredatenschutzerklärung. please read and which form part of this agreement are. Cookie-richtlinie
Advertising.
Advertisements 9.1. on our behalf by third parties may, in our name act, advertising companies a single " cookie on your browser place or reproduction.
If you want to learn more about these methods and their choice as regards the use by enterprises to know, you can see dieserinformationen themselves. and diedatenschutzerklärung Cookie-richtlinie
10 links to and from other websites
10.1. if the website links to websites by third parties and to the resources by third parties (together " the ") contains other websites linked to these further websites only to provide information and shall serve exclusively their comfort.
We can not influence and accept and accept no responsibility for other websites or for the content and products from other websites (this also applies with regard to social networking websites like facebook) and accept no responsibility for losses and damage which may be in their use of them surrender.
When deciding on the website, one of these websites by third parties to visit linking they shall do so only at their peril.
Intellectual property rights.
Groupon 11.1. international gives them a limited, personal, non-transferable but not exclusive, licence for access and use it consists of the website under this agreement and to any additional provisions and directives of international be laid down. groupon
All intellectual property rights (including all copyright, patents, trade marks, trade names, domain, and service marks, whether or not registered Social-media-kennungen themes) at the website and in the services, materials, information and content on the website (subject to section below) or on the 11.4 as part of the services is to of us access operated databases on of texts, graphics, total Website-design software, photos, videos, music, sound, data, in all of the underlying source code and software (including Software-zusammenstellungen and scripts) and to its applet selections, orders and remain our property, coordination improvements (or the licensor our).
Ownership or do not entitlement to a property, and they must receive such tried?
All rights are reserved for it.
Section 11.1, 11.2. not in the above as a whole or in parts of material may in some form or in any way printed, widespread, copied, modified, published download, or to provide posted appropriate listed or sells, hires, sold or licensed, or be used to modify a work unterlizenziert to create or in any way be exploited without the prior explicit written authorisation or the holder of the Groupon-gruppe copyright, unless expressly provides for different copyright.
They are entitled to, the content of the website on a computer screen, and this content in electronic display included form to save (but not on a server or another storage that is connected to a network).
Do material information or content on the web without our permission in a different way for commercial purposes, modify, copying, spread, replicate show or perform benefit.
If downloading, copying, distribution, transferred or publishing copyright protected material is permitted, they become the legally independent test and no authorship, modification or removal or Urheberschaftsvermerke Warenzeichenhinweise Urheberrechtsvermerke.
They confirm that them through the downloading of copyright protected material does not acquire property rights.
Any violation of these restrictions can, on the violation of trade marks, copyright or other intellectual property right lead for them to civil and / or criminal consequences can lead.
In addition they shall not make use of this agreement; or hurt them.
Groupon 11.3. in many countries holders of registered or not, " " the registered trade marks and groupon and variations of it on the website are Groupon-logos brands of the holder, or its related companies, groupon inc. and any use of these is for the benefit of groupon. " marks
Groupon " is a registered trademark in the following countries: algeria, antigua, argentina, australia, bahamas, armenia, bahrain, belarus, brazil, canada, chile, colombia, costa rica, dominican republic, ecuador, egypt, european union, france, germany, hong kong island, india, indonesia, israel, japan, jamaica, kenya, jordan, lebanon, liechtenstein, macedonia, moldova, morocco, mexico, new zealand, nigeria, norway,, panama, paraguay, peru, O.a.p.i. philippines, qatar, saudi arabia, russia, singapore, south africa, switzerland, south korea, taiwan, thailand, tunisia, turkey, turkmenistan, ukraine, the united arab emirates, united states of america, uruguay, venezuela, and vietnam.
A nichtabschließende list of brands of can be found here. groupon
11.4., property rights and intellectual property rights in title and the content which for access to the website and the services can be found, are the property of the rightholders in the content or traders and can by copyright, trademarks or other laws be protected.
This treaty gives them no rights of use of such content with the exception of this licences granted.
11.5 Benutzerinhalte. except in relation to have the authors of literary and artistic works on the sides of their website, as an author of these works identified to moral rights are exercised.
Should 11.6. for some reason, any part of this statement of law do not apply directly for everything that we source is available (for example on e-mails, the website or otherwise), for giving us a permanent, firm, fully, gebührenfreies, and not paid unterlizenzierbares exclusive right to use übertragbares modify, adapt, copying, publish and translate spread worldwide to show such data in any form. in any media or any technology to use, regardless of whether they already are known or only later to be developed.
For the purpose of operating the website and the provision of the services does this also to the award of licences that designated by several levels of rights, without them compensation for this Sublizenznehmern is granted.
General.
12.1. interpretation: in this agreement:
12.1.1. include words that describe people natural persons, partnerships, limited liability companies, legal persons and legal persons capacity;
12.1.2. serve (such as " general ' 12 Abschnittsüberschriften at the beginning of this section) and (such as " interpretation: " on the Abschnittstitel) to the beginning of this section 12.1 for ease of reference, and they are not part of the interpretation of this agreement and
12.1.3. have reference as " " and " including " shall include the meaning as " includes " and " including without limitation without restriction. "
12.2 partnership or representation. no: this agreement is not designed so that a joint venture, partnership or a representation between them and us is.
None of the parties, the right to have the authority or any liability, debt or to accept any costs or any contracts or other agreements on behalf of the other party to close.
12.3. no other contractual terms: when it is agreement does not expressly provided otherwise, all, conditions and other provisions, Gewährleistungsrechte regardless of whether they express or agreed in law, konkludent common law or any other reason, to the extent permitted by law revealed excluded.
12.4 assignment.: you do not have, all or one of their rights or any of its obligations under this agreement to transfer or to delegate.
We have the right, or all our individual rights and obligations under this treaty to a person or as to delegate. to
12.5. events beyond our control, we are not liable for a breach of the obligations under this agreement, if the implementation of our commitments by reasons beyond our control disabled or are prevented.
12.6 surrender. no: a waiver for a misconduct of them within the framework of our this agreement can not be an absence of our rights in future be interpreted, regardless of whether misconduct is the same or a different behaviour.
In concessions from time or in other law from us to them can or Nachsichten they do not assume that this in any way from their liability under this agreement.
12.7 notifications.: unless otherwise stated in this agreement, communications between the two parties agreed should be made in writing and handed over directly by e-mail (exception: they send us a message to legal disputes), fax or dispatched to you vorfrankierter post to the address you have entered or to us in our city.
12.8. rights of third parties: you agree and recognise that this agreement in its own interests; groupon internationally, but also as a representative in the name and interest and our third and licensor Groupon-unternehmensgruppe (the " third Inhalteanbieter "), so that all right-holders rights and benefits of groupon (but not the international obligations and responsibilities) under or in connection with this agreement, including those on exemption under contract and, for another reason, or Deliktsrecht rights and benefits of every third should be (as if each of rights-holder them a party to this agreement).
Groupon these rights and advantages can in their own name and / or as a representative for each of the third right-holders in this agreement is implemented.
12.9 Weitergeltung.: in any case, the provisions of sections 1, 3, 4, 7, 11, 12 and 13 of this agreement, together with such provisions which explicitly continue to or because of their nature or their context be regarded as such that they continue to exist after a termination of the agreement are to have, after a cessation or the expiry of that agreement on.
In the event that the services or website, will be the provisions of the again use terms and conditions are valid and its new use of services or the website rules.
12.10 severability if any provision.: this treaty all or part of illegal, will be ineffective or unenforceable this provision, and the effectiveness of district and enforceability of the other provisions of this treaty as far as possible of the community.
12.11 law.: this agreement (and all between them and us) are subject to the Nicht-vertragsbeziehungen right ireland and, in accordance with the right interpretation.
Definitions.
In this agreement we use various defined terms.
This means:
" Account " means you. Groupon-konto
" Liability " means any liability due to (including illegal act, Rechtsgrunds breach of contract, or any other incorrect information reinstatement) in relation to or from this Rechtsgrundes agreement (including under this agreement clearly defined or a liability, the liability due to the ineffectiveness or a provision of this agreement makes)-Undurchführbarkeit and for the purposes of this definition are all references to " agreement " for any additional agreements.
" Distributor ' means the products for which a ticket seller can be honoured.
A trader is not the seller or groupon international.
Websites mobile applications " means " website, electronic communications and services, social networks or all individual,,, or other sectoral Geschäftspartner-spezifische Händler-spezifische on websites Stadt-spezifische point. these conditions
" Register ' means an account on the web page, and " declaration " means the action, a to account.
" Services ' shall mean any or one of the services of internationally through the website (or about groupon other electronic communications or other-- of international) are made available. groupon
Includes mobile applications, our newsletter, e-mails, we are sending you, and information services, ingredients and on the website (including the possibility of Transaktionsfunktionen, to make a purchase).
" Ticket ' means a ticket by the seller is marketed and with the appropriate for products can be traded traders.
Be subject to the terms and conditions on the ticket itself and / or on the website of the Angebotsseiten ticket was bought below.
" Products ' means goods and / or services, in the context of described (and for which a ticket finder ticket may be fulfilled.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Gutschein-verkaufsbedingungen, groupon gmbh germany
1. general information
1 apply to any one of these conditions ticket to buy. trader groupon
Groupon act on behalf and on behalf of the trader.
Groupon 2 gmbh, a company that means groupon according to the laws of the federal republic of germany was founded, with headquarters in berlin and his office at the following address Hausvogteiplatz 2, 10117 berlin (berlin charlottenburg) is registered in the nanterre.
Groupons 123512 (b) and the vat identification number is commercial registry number hrb is de 268 596 614.
A voucher is a tool that 3 either in physical or electronic form and to the holder of such a (") entitled " Gutscheins Gutschein-inhaber within the period specified in the ticket that the trader (" "). on Einlösungsfrist
4 supply dealer's means the goods and / or services to be provided by the trader to the, as at the and at Gutschein-inhaber indicated, provided the ticket Groupon-website transferred or exported.
Traders 5 is an independent third party, in the ticket offer sold, or is described gives 2.
Traders authorised, on behalf of and groupon tickets on behalf of the distributor to sell and).
He is editor of the debtor in the vouchers and goods it benefits or ticket specified on the basis of a separate treaty provides.
Neither groupon even provide is sold and / or leads the offer of yourself. trader
Groupon is at issue sale and transfer of towards them exclusively on behalf and in the ticket finder commissioned by the trader.
6 these were last on version 3.2 (13.05.2019 and terms of sale) updated.
7 groupon reserves the right at any time unilaterally amend these conditions of sale.
Any changes to that of sale are published online.
Will only be valid version of the terms and conditions of it at the time of Gutscheinkaufs gave their agreement.
Buy a ticket finder.
1. they must at least 18 years old to be a ticket to buy.
Buy before taking a ticket, they must register and open an account.
. By clicking on the button " buy now " an offer, submit them to buy the ticket groupon, which in the name of and on behalf of the trader groupon receives.
Gutscheins, however, the purchase of if they only concluded an email in the name and groupon on behalf of the trader received the adoption of its range are hereby confirmed.
Groupon explicitly reserves the right to turn down her offer.
Groupon may also, even if their offer was accepted, at any time to terminate the contract if groupon reason to believe that it has a fraud, a related third party with Groupons groupon or distributors might mark.
3. for the sale, supply, transfer or performance of the tender, the terms and conditions of the trader.
Gutscheins of redemption.
1 unless explicitly indicated otherwise:
A. ticket can only be redeemed the once;
As ticket can only when traders and not be redeemed; in groupon
C. the ticket for one person only and is valid;
D. it must be in terms of cash to ticket indicated note if you ticket in Gutscheins traders fulfilling.
2 for a ticket, you have to deliver it to the traders within the present. Einlösungsfrist
Ticket if you not within the cash forfeit the ticket and automatically Einlösungsfrist can no longer be fulfilled.
3 where the on the was a " Gutscheinangebot Groupon-website ", is she groupon pact Direkteinlösungs at the time of purchase to indicate its transit areas.
Groupon shall communicate this information to the trader, then on behalf of others.
Traders will fulfil your chiefs and his offer you send ticket finder.
4 unless expressly stated otherwise, where the ticket the not entitled to the offer of Gutscheininhaber trader at a particular time to obtain.
Them is strongly recommended that out early with the trader to contact.
It gives you the best chance of their preferred the delivery deadline for delivery, and / or execution of supply of the trader.
Groupon then has no influence.
5 if you for other goods or services as the ticket of the trader, did you cash offer securitised not entitled to a credit, a refund or a new ticket for the difference between the purchase price of the ticket finder and the actual value of the goods or services supplied to them by the trader or were passed.
Tickets 6 as a whole can only be fulfilled.
Somehow if you in the ticket for less than the original dealer (reduced) value, they are not entitled to a cash credit, a refund or a new ticket for the difference between the initial (not) value and the reduced value. eingelösten
7 groupon can on behalf of the trader or other costs relating to fees and redemption of the purchase of require Gutscheins
All these fees or costs (if any) are you before redemption of the indicated. ticket finder
8 if a dealer for unforeseen reasons the supply or not as described can provide Gutscheinangebot will you as soon as possible by e-mail groupon contact.
Groupon will have either a new ticket with comparable benefits (if available) or the repayment of the offer. Gutschein-kaufpreises
4 using a ticket finder
1 Gutscheins is only for your purchase of any personal use, non-industrial thought.
The ticket has to a third party for their personal use non-industrial and transferable.
Commercial trade with a ticket is not permitted.
A reproduction of a ticket finder is prohibited.
2 for careful handling the ticket, they are solely responsible.
Neither groupon nor the merchants are for lost or stolen, or for the restoration of vouchers or responsible. Gutschein-nummern Gutschein-sicherheitscodes
3. assure that they did not wrong data, including false names, addresses and contact or use or to illegal activity in the payment information related to the purchase or the use of a part or by any other allow this ticket finder.
4 with an experiment, ticket, can deliver these contrary to these conditions of sale, groupon ticket at their own discretion invalidate.
Withdrawal 5 (), reimbursement and problems and exceptions
1 they have the right to the Gutscheinkauf within 14 days of receipt of the (" ") to withdraw Bestätigungs-e-mail Gutschein-widerrufsfrist.
Ticket Gutschein-widerrufsfrist but if you ask, within the cash that on behalf of and groupon expressly on behalf of the trader, the execution of the service to you to start, and they accept that you so that you will lose the Gutscheinkauf be withdrawn.
By cash, groupon, on behalf of ticket finder and on behalf of the trader, the issue, sale and transfer of them to fully furnished. ticket finder
Please note that this section for direct checkout " applies. deal
Gutschein-kauf. if you wish, you can withdraw this after each of the following ways do:
A. Online-widerrufsformulars by selecting the at: https: / / / / / global _ static.de.groupon-content.net mail img forms / de _ Voucher _ cancellation _ complete and Form.pdf mail
B. by us at https: / / www.groupon.de / customer service contact
3 if they withdraw, we have this treaty, on behalf of the trader, them in relation to the ticket all payments that we have received from you, without delay and at the latest within 15 days from the date on which the repay notified of its cancellation of this treaty been submitted to us.
4 if your ticket, but the merchant cash in the ticket incorrect has provided, or performance securitised if you have a complaint on the provision of the you should directly to Gutscheineinlösung these traders.
Only traders and in any case, groupon is responsible for the delivery of the commodity.
Groupon sold and is only the ticket available, both in the name of and on behalf of the trader.
Traders if you and no way to address the can find, however, can in Beschwerdefalls name and on behalf of the trader, groupon at their request try in problem solving to support them.
5 any reimbursement to it hinges on their originally used unless you tell tender, groupon in advance not to do so specifically.
Originally if you used has been cancelled or expired tender or in another way has changed, they must: / / denhttps / immediately inform customer service www.groupon.de.
If they do not do this, and reimbursement is already on it originally used, they shall you and your tender bank or their agree on a strategy they receive reimbursement payment service provider.
Groupon is always a refund lead.
6 they have upon receipt of the refund a period of 30 days in which to reject it.
Reimbursement during these 30 days if you refuse, is this refund as full and final settlement of claims against groupon () as deputy to the trader in relation to the ticket, result from it, or associated with.
6. the responsibility for the dealer's Gutscheinangebot
Please note that the trader and not groupon:
The seller or supplier, 1, provide the Gutscheinangebots
2. the parties which signed a contract with received when the ticket can be honoured Gutschein-inhaber; and
Alone 3 is responsible for the offer and also is responsible for that. the merchandise is Gutschein-inhaber
Liability of groupon.
Groupon 1 is in the name and on behalf of the trader promised that
1 joined fulfil its obligations under these in the necessary diligence is transport conditions;
The vouchers of good quality, and 2 adequate for your purpose; and
3 the principles of fairness and of professional diligence in all actions are met.
Groupon always for 2: (a) shall be liable for damage from injury to life, body or health on one intentionally or through negligence of error are based; (b) each of groupon committed fraud or fraudulent committed before; groupon (c) any mandatory legal liability (including after the); (d) each Produkthaftungsgesetz groupon (e) all liability; guaranteed or contractual conditions under the applicable law implied not excluded or limited.
3. in all other than described above in cases referred to is the liability of 7.2 of negligence excluded. groupon
Groupon doesn't commitments to completeness, fitness or legality of supply of the trader.
Groupon is not responsible for the quality, safety, ease of use or other aspects of the supply of the trader.
Groupon 4 shall not be liable for a breach of an obligation under this, as far as the obligations for reasons not of sale required the outside their control.
8. groupon
The website (" website ") means the groupon internet website, mobile applications, electronic communications and services, or any place where you can buy a ticket a trader of groupon.
Groupon owns the website on which the offers is the groupon international limited tickets.
Here you can further information on the terms and conditions of website received between them and the operator of the website if they agreed an account on the website.
Other provisions.
1 if you against this breach and did not take steps against them and terms of sale groupon, launch this does not mean that its rights and remedies in respect groupon on their violation waived.
Groupon reserves the right to take appropriate measures at any time, you should fight their obligations under these conditions of sale, rejected.
2 unless otherwise determined in these conditions of sale have communications with the parties and will be known on each by e-mail (unless they send a statement in the framework of judicial proceedings, groupon) or post transmitted. vorfrankierter
Any communication sends to you, goes to the groupon address which they set in the registration of groupon Groupon-kontos.
Groupon notifications to all you can to the seat of the undertaking, the address indicated in send 1.2.
3 should be a provision of this came to nothing, ineffective or impractical and terms of sale are considered as remains the validity and enforceability of other provisions of these conditions of sale, intact.
Gutschein-verkaufsbedingungen subject to german law and the 4 under german law to interpret and enforce each, regardless of the Kollisionsrechts.
The united nations convention on contracts for the international (CISG) shall not apply Warenkauf.
Exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes of or in connection with this treaty if they are kaufmann. berlin
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Groupon goods global gmbh and terms of sale
This page lays down the conditions for the sale of goods by goods to arrest you. groupon
1 treaty and information on the Bestellverfahren
1.1. the contracting parties: the present (" ") are a sales conditions and terms of sale agreement between you and the customer (they " and " you, " " her " etc.), and global gmbh (" groupon goods goods, " or " we " groupon, " us, " " our " etc.).
We are a registered enterprises (in switzerland with the following location: c / Firmennummer Che-497.202.638 ag or 3, o Wadsack schaffhausen 8200 schaffhausen, switzerland.
Our De289935214 is vat identification number.
1.2. scope of this: if you an order with us and terms of sale, do you explain this with abandon and of goods and terms of sale agreement. Warenrückgaberecht groupon
1 3: if you on your offer " buy now " button.
Click put a tender for the products of goods (" the commodities ') groupon.
If " buy now " button, undertake to do so explicitly, they were to pay if your order from us.
They must be aged 18 to be were to buy.
1.4. a copy of this: we shall retain a copy of the contract of sale between us on (the present)-and recommend that you for this and terms of sale their files. print
1.5.: their legal rights as consumers them regardless of this legally rights that it and terms of sale or false return and their articles defective treaty. cancel
1.6.: the available updates of the conditions of sale were last updated (version on terms of sale 27.06.2017 6).
We reserve the right to change these (this we will at any time and terms of sale online announce).
Should Verkaufsbedingungengeändert, after their appointment, they shall apply the amendments do not have abandoned for the open order.
Pricing and purchase.
2.1 Preisstellung. and to whom they pay: we will receive payment for their appointment and process.
All prices (including) for the products do including * * these statutory value added tax.
Our prices may be amended at any time, of which orders are not affected, open, however, unless it is down in the article 2.4 and 2.5 cases described.
2.2. * * these prices may be: the mailing costs are included.
Such costs shall be in its section of the transaction). specific terms
If included, they are shipping costs and the identified separately, before their appointment conclude. added Gesamtrechnungsbetrag
2.3.: having to give up an order button " buy now. "
Clicked and therefore this, is the appointment as concluded agree and terms of sale, if they have received by e-mail from us. a Bestellbestätigung
We reserve the right, however, and not reject your order contract with them.
If we accept your order, you will receive another e-mail with the Versandbestätigung.
Please note that if we have sufficient reason to believe that their appointment fraudulent purposes or they otherwise in the appointment of the law did not comply, we reserve the right to cancel the appointment, even if we your order have already adopted.
2.4 errors and omissions; it may happen that our price or the product description. failure or in
All reasonable efforts, we will such as quickly as possible errors or omissions to be corrected as soon as we know.
We reserve the right to all the information required in relation to the offered for sale of goods (including the were themselves) to change without prior warning to modify, to replace or remove.
2.5 errors and omissions. after the appointment if they were already bought: and we subsequently errors or omissions to:
(A) if the actual price of products specified by the user, the price is we put to you the lower Kaufzeitpunkt price into account.
(B) if the actual price of the goods of the declared at a is, we will contact you and Kaufzeitpunkt giving them the opportunity, the right (higher) price to pay or its mission to cancel and then a. to obtain Kaufpreisrückerstattung
Provision of the goods.
Auftragsänderung 3.1.: as soon as they have abandoned their appointment, we can not make more changes, not even in respect of the quantity or the delivery address.,
This article shall not affect its legal right, their mission to cancel or the purchased goods once again.
Dispatch 3.2.: the goods may vary. * * these of groupon
Their purchase does not supply outside of germany.
Can also supply even to certain geographical regions in germany be limited.
It can, for example, that we were not to helgoland and can provide. büsingen
Estimated 3.3.: the provisional delivery in the delivery times stated. specific terms
We will try, delivery to be respected.
Unless otherwise stated, are those to which does not guarantee delivery dates, provisional dates are and from which they are not should leave.
3.4.: the ownership of the transfer of ownership is to them (i.e., on product when the product is their property) to the product you supplied delivered. delivery address
Cancellation.
Widerrufsbelehrung
4.1. consumers have the right of withdrawal following:
Consumers is a right of withdrawal on the following terms, with any natural person who is the consumer for terminate the transaction mainly not their trade or their independent professional activity can be attributed to:
You have the right, within 14 days without giving any reason to withdraw this treaty.
The deadline is in a contract as 14 days from the date on which you or a third of them, the carrier is not named, the claimed have. or ticket
For case your order or the supply of their products includes several goods from several is begins the only Teillieferungen Stornierungsfrist as soon as you were last or the last received. part-delivery
4.2 to the right of withdrawal, you must exercise us,
Groupon goods global gmbh
C / o Wadsack schaffhausen ag
Or 3
8200 schaffhausen
Switzerland
By means of a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax, telephone or email consigned) on your initiative, this treaty be withdrawn or information.
This can also by completing and returning them in the form that we will be made available, do Bestellbestätigung by giving us at https: / / / customer support. contact _ www.groupon.de
To meet the withdrawal, it is sufficient that the communication on the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period submit.
4.3 exclusion of the right of withdrawal
A right of withdrawal is to the following:
(A) the supply of goods liable to deteriorate or quickly the rapidly, (e. g. in expiry date food, flowers)
(B) the supply of audio or video recordings or computer software in a sealed package, where the seal after delivery has been removed,
(C) the supply of goods which do not have and for the production or an individual choice of or destination by the consumer or the refers clearly to the needs of the consumer to,
(D) supply of alcoholic beverages, the conclusion of the contract was agreed, but the price for at least 30 days after the conclusion of the contract can be supplied and their current value of fluctuations in the market depends on which the trader has no influence;
(E) the supply of newspapers, journals or magazine with the exception of, Abonnement-verträgen
Supply sealed (f) goods which for health reasons or hygiene are not suitable for return if their seal upon delivery of has been removed,
(G) if, in the delivery of goods the supply by reason of their nature inextricably mixed with other items were
(H) other products which, by their nature not can be returned, including those products by transhipment would be damaged.
4.4 effects of withdrawal
Revoked this treaty if they they got all payments, which we have received from you, including the delivery costs (with the exception of the additional costs resulting from that they have a type of delivery other than the us offered, have chosen), immediately and advantageous Standardlieferung at the latest within 15 days from the date on which the repay notified of its cancellation of this treaty been submitted to us.
For this we use the same means they repayment for the initial transaction have used unless they have expressly agreed otherwise; in any case be them for this repayment charges calculated.
Repayment refuse we can until we were back, or to provide evidence that they were sent back, whichever is the earlier.
You were promptly and in any event not later than 14 days from the date on which they are to revoke this treaty to inform
Groupon goods global gmbh
Groupon returns
C / o ernst schmitz gmbh
Goods 4
Black & decker route 40
65510 idstein
De
Return or be handed over to.
The deadline shall be met if they were before the end of the period of 14 days submit.
Bear the direct cost of returning the goods.
The costs to be not more than approximately eur 50).
We recommend that you in the return with a dispatch to use Zustellungsbescheinigung
She must be in proper way to ensure that the goods so that they are properly packed during transport not be damaged.
For any diminished value of the goods they need only resources if this to a depreciation with respect to the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods do not need to deal with them.
End of Widerrufsbelehrung
Cancellation appointing 4.5. it can happen that we on our part: an order before for reasons which we do not goods questioned about, for example due to a Geräteausfalls must cancel or because of Transportproblemen.
In this case, we immediately in touch with them.
Rücksendungen adopted.
5.1 Warenrückgaberecht. our: our applies to every article, which we Warenrückgaberecht sale.
In addition to their right, were within 14 calendar days from the date on which they return or a third of them indicated received the goods, they will have also all applicable legal rights to return of new or second-hand goods, even if you wrong or lack of goods are delivered.
5.2 ownership of returned products:. the legal ownership of the returned goods is only on us on when the goods have reached. our Rückgabezentrum
In this case, the ownership of the returned goods not to us.
5.3 problems with returned goods:. we reserve the right to refuse to and from them the: Preisrückerstattung for returning the goods found when we see that, since the delivery in them are damaged, that the products handled wrong or not in accordance with the instructions that they have been used to an inspection were used or that the problem is not due to normal wear.
This article is not a limit nor a 5.3 with their right to withdraw or to the treaty and in accordance with article 4. Warenrückgabe
6. information on the products
6.1. we're not manufacturer of goods: we are not the producer of the goods that we sell.
While we are trying to ensure that the goods in accordance with the notice on its website, high and are operational, however, satisfactory on the website offered for sale of the product information were slightly deviate.
We recommend that all information on labels, warnings and instructions that with the goods supplied before use thoroughly to read.
Any of us, the manufacturer or the importer provided guarantee does not affect the legal rights and rights they, under the treaty can claim.
6.2 accuracy of descriptions.: we have taken steps to appropriate the colors and other details concerning the products as closely as possible to.
Actual details to the colors and goods website see are, however, of the appliance from, with whom she figures of the goods).
We can not guarantee that, in the view of all colours or other details in their television screen, or other device the computer monitor mobile device, or details of colors were on delivery reflects exactly.
6.3 were for the health sector and their safety in the case of safety concerns or other information on a product in respect of goods of health we recommend them as with the product information supplied to read carefully the manufacturer or to contact.
The content of a website can by no means the advice of a doctor, pharmacist or other professional Gesundheitsdienstleisters.
Customers should consult your doctor if you think that you have a medical problem.
Were statements about information and are not for the diagnosis, treatment and cure or prevention of disease or of a specific health status only.
We accept no liability for inaccuracies or false information on goods by producers or third parties.
Liability.
Our Geschäftsstandards 7.1.: we try to do our best to always and certify that:
(A) we in the execution of an obligation for these skills, to exercise due care and terms of sale
(B) we have the right, were selling;
(C) we were only for domestic and private use sell;
(D) the goods of good quality, and for their purpose is likely and
(E) we in our action vocational. not circumvent due diligence
7.2. this article 7 has priority over all other articles (except for article 1.5) and submit our entire liability set.
7.3. the liability of goods: our responsibility for damage caused by negligence groupon light, irrespective of their legal justification limited as follows:
Liable groupon (a) in a breach of essential goods to the amount of foreseeable contractual obligations, for this type of contract damage is common.
Groupon (b) goods shall not be liable for the infringement of other applicable due to negligence. easier due diligence
Haftungsbeschränkungen (c) the above shall apply to cases, especially after the german mandatory legal liability and the liability for campaign Produkthaftungsgesetz caused injuries and fatal injuries and damage to health not apply.
In addition, this does not apply, if and where groupon liability limits. a certain goods Garantieerteilt
(D) the sections 7.3. (a).
To 7.3. (c), by analogy to the liability of goods on useless expenditure. groupon
You bound, appropriate measures designed to prevent damage as low as possible.
Schadensklassen 7.4., for which we are not responsible, because we were only for domestic and private use, sell we are without prejudice to article 7.3, not in principle liable for: (a) income or revenue losses; (b) loss of actual or anticipated revenue; (c); and (d) or indirect Geschäftsverluste sequelae (and to avoid misunderstandings means " " collateral damage, regardless of whether these sequelae predictable, known or otherwise were. voraussagbar
Liability 7.5. " " means any liability for breach of contract, illicit act (including Handlungsgrund before return, or other) of or proper charges in connection with these conditions of sale (including the liability in accordance with those returns explicit or liability which because of the conditions of sale, or a provision of this ineffectiveness is). Nichtdurchsetzbarkeit conditions
General.
8.1. interpretation: these: conditions
Words persons (a) include call natural persons, partnerships, limited liability companies, legal persons and associations without legal personality;
Artikelüberschriften (b) (such as " at the beginning of this article 8 general '), and (such as " interpretation " Artikeltitel) at the beginning of this article.) in order to simplify and inserted only 10.8.1 are not a part of this or that their interpretation; and terms of sale, and
(C) shall be assumed that the terms " include " and " including " both " includes (or include), inter alia, " and " including, inter alia, " mean?
8.2 Agenturverhältnis: this partnership, no / do not contain provisions and terms of sale that a a joint venture, a partnership agreement or a Agenturverhältnis relationship between you and us arises. gleichkommende
Neither party has the right or the power, in the name of or on behalf of the other party or a cost to or Forderungsschuld a contract or an agreement should be concluded.
Assignment 8.3.: you must, without our prior written authorisation, no rights or obligations according to the available and terms of sale all or part of, or otherwise transferred dismissed delegate.
Such an authorisation is refused without good reason.
We have the right, or all individual rights and obligations under the present conditions of sale, wholly or partially to another person to assign or otherwise to delegate.
8.4. events that our control: we accept no liability for under this treaty, if we second degree of seriousness in the exercise of our responsibilities for reasons not be on which we have no influence.
Unless controllable events affect us our ability, our obligations under this and terms of sale, the period for duty in order to comply with the duration of the event extended and they will be about as quickly as possible by informed us.
After the event is over, we agree with you, if possible, a new delivery date for their goods.
8.5. what we leave: we will only to the provisions set out in writing in this in relation to the conditions of sale in it and not to other professions Warenverkauf otherwise was statements.
8.6 surrender. no: a possible in terms of an error on our part not turn as part of this is not a waiver on our part in terms of sale for any future and also points down, nichtdarauf second degree of seriousness irrespective of whether such similar or different nature. second degree of seriousness
Delayed Klageeinreichung on our part in the event of error, is by no means a themselves or other Haftungsfreistellung under those conditions of sale Haftungsentlastung Haftungseinschränkung.
8.7. communications: unless they specified otherwise, all conditions of sale, communications to one of the parties are addressed, and personally, by e-mail (written unless it a communication to under a trial send goods groupon) or by mail in advance paid to their porto url or to order based transmitted.
8.8 rights of third parties: all. no provisions of this apply equally to goods whose groupon and terms of sale, all branches of holding company (or their) their goods, groupon and its (or their related companies), and get them equally benefit licensee Drittpartei-inhaltsanbieter.
Those parties have all the right, these provisions directly or on their behalf to assert and enforce (unless the conditions of sale were this without the consent of these parties amended or repealed.
Just mentioned are subject to all provisions of this exclusively by the parties and terms of sale enforceable.
8.9 survival.: the provisions of articles 1, 2, 4, 7 and 8 of this and the provisions and terms of sale either expressly or after termination of the contract between them and us persist, or that, because of their nature or the context can be assumed that they continue to exist after the termination of the contract after or termination of our treaty away.
8.10.salvatorische clause: if any provision of this illegal or unenforceable and terms of sale as ineffective be considered if this provision is removed from the conditions of sale, without the other provisions of the conditions of sale, at risk.
As far as possible, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this community. conditions
8.11 law and dispute settlement.: we are trying to settle all disputes in connection with these conditions of sale.
These (and all social relations between them and terms of sale and us) are subject to the german, the parties also agree on the terms of the Un-kaufrechts do not apply.
Customer service.
Contact information:
Telephone: + 49 (0) 30 998 311, mobile different) 66 (Ortstarif
Contact us at: https: / / www.groupon.de / customer _ support
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Groupon international travel the general conditions of sale gmbh
In this document, the general conditions of use for using the services of the international travel for the sale of groupon gmbh determined. Reisegutscheinen
Please take into account that these conditions are not to acquire a of the international limited apply Gutscheins groupon since such acquisition own. and terms of sale is
1. general
1.1. the general terms and conditions shall apply exclusively to consumers, that is, those natural persons who benefit from our services, without this his commercial or professional activity can be attributed to.
1.2 www.groupon.de. on the website of the international limited on travel tickets are offered groupon.
Vouchers groupon is the seller of the international gmbh (hereinafter: travel groupon).
Debtor vouchers and in the editor of the services or goods are only the declared vouchers; indicated partners who based on a separate treaty these services and any of their respective general terms and conditions '.
Groupon owes itself not the provision of services, but only in the specified that vouchers; the ticket entitled to them by the partners in the ticket conclusion of the contract conditions provided for.
Groupon 1.3. for the services of the following in the conditions of use are solely at the time of appointment amended.
Groupon accepted by the terms of use of the appropriate button. the confirmed ordering transaction
Operating conditions may at any time at https: / / www.groupon.de / _ and _ _ conditions / tc terms, printed or be stored locally called travel112015 and they have also, together with the e-mail sent. Bestellbestätigung
Groupon operator of the service.
Www.groupon.de website and the sale of the system, on this side are operated by: vouchers;
Groupon international limited
Lower ground floor, connaught house, 1 road, burlington
Dublin 4 ireland 216410
The tickets are sold by:
Groupon international travel gmbh
C / o Wadsack schaffhausen ag
Or 3
8200 schaffhausen, switzerland
Registered in the trading registry the canton of schaffhausen
Firmennummer Che-180.110.104. under our vat number Che-349.386.564.
Gutscheinerwerb.
So get a ticket to: www.groupon.de
· confirm the " buy " button on the front page.
Select the desired number of vouchers;.
· insert your name and contact details and choose your direct debit, credit card, or form of payment (paypal) Sofortüberweisung.
· supply is by the conditions of use and confirm its Kaufgebots press the buttons " buy ").
· receipt confirm its appointment, but still we automatically via e-mail. no Vertragsannahme
The adoption of the sale by takes the form of the presentation of the groupon by e-mail instead. ticket finder
· if after the time the minimum number of participants is reached and we their Verkaufszeit payment have we send them successfully recorded the ticket e-mail.
Otherwise tell you also by email (see paragraph 6.1).
· printing the ticket and release it in the individual and the relevant partners. Partnergeschäft
Widerrufsbelehrung.
4.1 right of withdrawal
Their Vertragserklärung you can on the purchase of the within 14 days of ticket finder without giving any reason textual (e.g., fax, e-mail, telephone or by returning this form) or, if you will, before the deadline expires ticket left by returning the revoked. ticket finder
The period shall begin upon receipt of that information in writing, but not before receiving the nor to fulfilling the recipient Gutscheins information requirements referred to in article 246 (2) of our in conjunction with article 1, par. 1 and 2 and of our obligations under section EGBGB 312g, par. 1), first sentence bgb in conjunction with article
246 EGBGB (3).
To meet the withdrawal is the timely dispatch of the ticket finder Widerrufsoder.
Ladungsfähige withdrawal should be made to (address):
Groupon international travel gmbh
Customer support
C / o Wadsack schaffhausen ag
Or 3
8200 schaffhausen, switzerland
4.2 exclusion of the right of withdrawal
There is no right of withdrawal when purchasing on services in the field, Unterbringungen vouchers; of food and drink, as well as transport, delivery, if the leisure at a given date or service within a specified period of time to provide.
A right of withdrawal is particularly in the visit to vouchers; one particular concert odersonstigen. Freizeit-events entitle
4.3 Widerrufsfolgen
In case of an effective withdrawal are the reinsurance transactions and, where appropriate, to grant back on both sides uses (e.g. interest drawn) issue. Gebrauchsvorteile
If you have the ticket before the withdrawal period already fully or partially, they are obliged to. honoured Wertersatz
Wertersatz responsibility to you can avoid by ticket only if you have decided to deliver on their right of withdrawal not to make use.
Obligations to reimbursement of payments must within 30 days are met.
The period shall begin on them with the dispatch or its, for us with Widerrufserklärung whose or his ticket finder reception.
End of Widerrufsbelehrung
Verkaufsdauer of tickets.
The duration of the sale of a is limited in time and will offer a ticket finder individually by established. groupon
After expiry of the time is no further purchase possible.
Condition 6. for the origin of / Gutscheinverkaufes payment
6.1 is the minimum number required for the relevant supply not attained, or may ticket from other within the unforeseen reasons not be granted where a purchase agreement for Verkaufsdauer the ticket did not materialize.
Thereof we will by e-mail and already payment immediately to tell.
Buying-in 6.2. on the ticket is also only with the sending by e-mail come about with their payment label. groupon successfully
Should the payment is not the first attempt to succeed (for example, because the account specified does not exist, not the is wrong or credit card number Deckungaufweist) is the limit on credit card also failed to materialise. selling the ticket finder
Gutscheinversand Rechtseinräumung / on the ticket.
Ticket 7.1 of is following the successful purchase by e-mail to the e-mail sent in ordering transaction pointed out.
The dispatch of takes place as soon as the payment on our ticket finder account is registered.
Paragraph 6.1 shall remain unaffected.
Vouchers 7.2. all the codes are with two clear partner in the cash available to it, with a list, Gutscheins abgleicht accident.
The ticket shall be transferable.
The replicate, or the edit is not permitted. manipulate vouchers
Groupon reserves the right, where there suspected piracy the data stored in the respective partners to pass on steps. undrechtliche
7.3. unless otherwise specified, each ticket once only at the partners are used.
Gutscheinwert nichtvollständig used, this or the performance not fully utilised forfeit the unused difference.
A refund is not possible.
7.4. unless otherwise specified, where the ticket is not entitled to use of services or purchase of goods to date. einembestimmten
P.j. verdoorn, the date of payment individually with the partner score.
7.5. is on the a period of validity, the ticket noted within the period of validity of the ticket only partner ahead of schedule.
Ensure / liability.
Groupon 8.1. ensures that the ticket partners, i.e. the the treaty to partner einlöst in the ticket if you ticket securitised Bedingungenabschließt before closing the partners present.
8.2 where the partners, not without the ticket to represent has limited this news about resulting claims of the customers to repayment of the purchase price. against groupon
The entitlement of the customer with a mistake by shall remain unaffected. schuldhaften groupon
Groupon 8.3. does not guarantee that by customers in products or services availed partners acquired.
Ticket securitised in a performance provides the relevant partner to the customer in his own name and on their own account, and to the customer for second degree of seriousness of groupon partner in the payment not below.
8.4 ticket. and not to be taken from unforeseen groupon or not at the reasons initially be redeemed shares this laid down the customer immediately by e-mail with groupon and offers him either a new ticket benefits (if available) or the mitvergleichbaren repayment of the purchase price.
Client unless the offer within the notified on offer not groupon accepts reasonable time is groupon to terminate the contract justified.
Already price has done in this case the customer shall be immediately reimbursed.
The legal rights of the parties shall remain unaffected.
8.5. it should in the redemption of or the provision of the service to Gutscheins problems come is trying to find a solution. groupon
In this case certainly please an email to contact or contact us by telephone. @ groupon.de
Functionality and availability of the website.
Groupon reserves the right to the extent and the functionalities of, other than those for the settlement of closed website is needed-to amend at any time sales contracts or to restrict.
Although groupon strives their service without technical breakdown offer may, in particular, development and / or other disturbances maintenance and / or temporarily interrupt the uses limit.
This Datenverlusten, it may to come.
Groupon is therefore not guarantee the availability of services, or the lack of technical malfunction or Datenverlusten.
Resale.
Commercial resale of tickets or any other form of their use for not only private purposes (e.g. by raffle,,) shall be prohibited if auctioning Gewinnspiel groupon does not agree with, with their consent not unreasonable. groupon refuse
Should against the rules, it reserves the assertion of their rights, especially their groupon claims.
Copyright.
Groupon reserves all copyright and other rights to the service and the published content, information, pictures, videos and databases (hereinafter the " '). protected property
Change, reproduction, publication, dissemination to third parties and / or other use of the protected without the prior written consent of groupon property is therefore expressly forbidden.
12 amendments to the terms of use
Groupon 12.1. may from time to time to adapt to the conditions of legal requirements into account. to implement or Funktionsänderungen
Each current conditions, see https: / / www.groupon.de / terms _ and _ conditions / tc _ travel112015.
Should with the conditions of use, they can not agree as our service unfortunately no longer use.
Groupon 12.2. where and the client already a contractual relationship between was established, the conditions for this only if the revised amendment of the customer, he has been notified to the scope of the groupon amended not weeks in writing or textual conditions to binnen6 opposed it with the communication and groupon on the legal consequences of a failure to contradiction pointed out.
Severability.
Should present or future provision of the treaty for reasons other than the § 305-310 wholly or invalid or / bgb not feasible or teilweiseunwirksam, so this is the validity of the other provisions of this treaty, if not the execution of the contract for a nichtberührt extreme hardness is party.
The same applies if, after conclusion of the contract a gap returns. ergänzungsbedürftige
Replace ineffective / vain or not their legislation provisions are feasible.
Choice / jurisdiction.
14.1 is german law, excluding the Un-kaufrechts). (CISG
14.2 merchants for contracts with is the exclusive jurisdiction berlin agreed.
27/06/2017 as
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Reservierungsbedingungen
In this document are to benefit from the services of groupon Reservierungsbedingungen international travel only.)
The use of the services (including the making of a reservation or booking) without the adoption of this is not possible. Reservierungsbedingungen
Please note that these conditions either for the acquisition of another to a housing nor to acquire a apply, since such acquisition own ticket finder and terms of sale's.
General information on those conditions
1 groupon international travel: the groupon international gmbh is a company based in travel gmbh switzerland, c / o Wadsack or 3, schaffhausen ag in the swiss 8200 schaffhausen under number is registered (Gesellschaftsregister Che-180.110.104 to hereinafter referred to as " travel, " " us ', groupon " us " and " our ((e) " reference).
Our vat identification number is Che-349.386.564.
2 nature of the contractual relationship with travel and providers: groupon travel to groupon by third parties (customers through its services the providers ' accommodation services) to reserve and).
We action in all reservations and subsequent transactions as an agent on behalf of the applicant.
Groupon offered on the website of international, presents no offer of us Unterkunftsleistung such to sell. Unterkunftsleistung
Instead is an invitation to you, our suppliers to make an offer.
This means that the treaty on the accommodation services between you and the provider comes into being.
The supplier (or if appropriate, the contracting entity of the applicant for the provision of accommodation) is legally to you responsible.
As a result, when carrying out a reservation only in terms of a contract of employment between them and shown below details closed. travel groupon
Reservierungsbedingungen. what do they mean?
Reservierungsbedingungen please read it carefully, because they apply to use of services, for all their reservations and transactions that on travel and accommodation for all made groupon (or other).
This Reservierungsbedingungen shall apply to the treaty (" the treaty ") between them (in this document " them, " " you (e) " and " them ") and travel use. groupon
Operators will have their own terms and conditions for their reservation and each subsequent transaction.
All reservations or transactions that their religion, and be subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant when carrying out a supplier and vote for compliance with this reservation. Reservierungsbedingungen
In case of inconsistency between these and the terms and conditions are the supplier of Reservierungsbedingungen terms and conditions of the supplier to these priority. Reservierungsbedingungen
Groupon official website international: 4 in ireland (" groupon international limited international "), a us with groupon related company, operates the web and and on or in which Mobilesites newsletter and reservations. we offer accommodation services
Groupon international are the terms of use of available.
Groupon travel is one of several sellers on the website of groupon internationally.
Groupon. if they will use you probably references to international notice for several companies are group (" group " groupon groupon).
Whichever website of groupon, it is probably more buy international treaties applicable to them with different companies of the group. groupon
This Reservierungsbedingungen apply only for their use of our services.
If more on the different they might want to know, the legal relationships make when they visit the website of international please tell groupon here in the commonly asked questions of groupon international.
5 use of personal data, if you travel on a reservation or booking nobles, groupon do you agree that we according to our information on they collect, process and privacy statements benefits.
Reservierungsbedingungen 6. this: if you our services (including reservations or transactions benefit from, take this. Reservierungsbedingungen
Giving them send email when we confirm, a treaty their seats between them and us closed in this will be involved. Reservierungsbedingungen
7 their legal rights: their legal rights as consumers, which can not be excluded, such Reservierungsbedingungen not affected.
8 Reservierungsbedingungen updates of these: this were last updated on 27/06/2017 Reservierungsbedingungen.
We reserve the right to change these (this we will always Reservierungsbedingungen online announce).
Changes made after the e-mail with the confirmation of its received, reservation in respect of the corresponding reservation for you don't.
Definitions 9: these are several defined terms used. Reservierungsbedingungen
Defined terms are defined throughout the text and, in particular in article 12 the Reservierungsbedingungen
. Their duties under these RESERVIERUNGSBEDINGUNGEN
1 age: only natural persons who at least 18 years of age or older, may accommodation or reserve).
By making a reservation or booking confirm that they at least 18 years of age or older.
Accurate information and information you understand: 2 and agree that travel and any providers the right groupon reserved their reservation, if they do not at any time to cancel all relevant information on whether they or other persons for whom the housing, in accordance with the requirements of this reserve specify. Reservierungsbedingungen
They shall ensure that
1 all information that you have in connection with this agreement, complete and accurate; provide true
2. immediately inform us if the information they submitted to us are no longer applicable.
3 recognized and agree that it is their responsibility to us on facts them and the persons for whom they make a reservation, to inform their (or whose) the opportunity to travel can limit, such as offences and expulsions from the countries to which they travel.
4 if the country in which you or an entity for which it, want to travel, the disclosure of reserve (such as the us record required) and if you or a person for whom they reserve, record has (including as regards us at the time of reservation on) on this record, and tell
With Einreisebestimmungen. of the country or areas in which they travel (and those in the persons for whom they travel), are used to reserve also in terms of requirements and restrictions on the (for example, empty pages in Passbestimmungen passport or of the validity of the passport); they have no record that would prevent it in the country or region, and the relevant travel visa, vaccination, management and hygiene requirements.
Groupon travel is not responsible, if your entry into the country or territory of gross, because they denied housing one of the above data are not made.
It is in this case, no entitlement to a refund.
Reservation 2 for other: if you make a reservation for persons other than themselves, they shall ensure that they carry out in carrying out the reservation on behalf of such persons empowered and all persons in the reservation specify (as well as their personal representatives) agree to be bound to this contract.
Behaviour 3: they shall undertake in the use of accommodation in a manner not attitude, which other people give cause for concern, address them or risk could.
If you (or someone for whom they reserve) in the period between the departure until their return be arrested or at the discretion of a given supplier, or if you are prevented from travelling at the discretion of a given supplier housing be referred, we will not refund on behalf of the supplier in these parts chiefs the price of the accommodation, the it as a result of their conduct (or the behaviour of the person for whom they reserve) not able to benefit from.
They agree that they are all losses, damages and costs be reimbursed Schadensersatzpflichten from claims or procedures which we are faced or as against us, and promised in their behaviour in relation to this agreement (or a person for whom they are founded or with this reserve).
4 was: if we or a supplier has a fraud or unlawful act in conjunction with payments in relation to a reservation or booking be made are informed or is aware of them, we reserve the right to their reservation or booking at their own discretion without prior notice and without towards them to cancel reparation.
Such cancellation would subject to any other rights which we may be against them are entitled to be.
Reservation 3 housing / information to harmonize accounting procedures
1 create a reservation: you can according to their availability a reservation on the online website chiefs, groupon international
To reserve, they must choose you book to shelter their and their vote, on " travel data Zimmerart " click and your email address as well as other book to enter personal information in it or to create a client account Log-in such an account are necessary.
Votes Reservierungsbedingungen this and click on " here we go. "
Next step must be the name of the passenger and the e-mail address and telephone number use.
Click " next " and give their, and other information. Zahlungsinformation
Before accepting appointment end is the choices they shelter to review it in a Bestellübersicht indicated.
Click book " now " with a mandatory to send. Reservierungsanfrage
After successful completion of these steps will you a " ' (hereinafter also Reservierungsbestätigung Reisebestätigung) by e-mail received with which they confirm the preservation of their reservation.
2 we reserve the adoption of its reservation: right in our sole discretion to decide whether we take their seats.
Their seats are accepted only if (and if) they are informed that their reservation.
Their seats if we reject you will be informed, and there will be no payment of them are recovered.
If we take their seats an acceptance on behalf of the supplier and we have a Reservierungsbestätigungsmail confirming their accommodation caepionis.
From that date, the transmission of-is your contract with respect for our part Reservierungsbestätigungsmail on the accommodation in force. gross
Groupon international (payment shall be the operator of the international website) shortly. move groupon
Contracts may be concluded in german.
We keep a copy of the contract between us and them, but they can no longer have access to the treaty.
3 review of its: it is important that you Reservierungsbestätigung after receipt of the information contained in check. all Reservierungsbestätigungsmail
Reservation not if their or if they are not identical Reservierungsbestätigung within 24 hours after Reservierungsbestätigung reservation received please contact us by e-mail at info @ groupon.de.
Your contract on the provision of accommodation. please note that the supplier: he who is responsible for legally available to them the accommodation (and we for in these rules laid down remain responsible). Reservierungsbestimmungen
As mediators, we are not responsible for them the accommodation legally required.
This provided by the supplier, according to be an agreement between you and the supplier.
The agree and understand that the actual provision of accommodation in a reservation (that is what this not among the of the supplier Reservierungsbedingungen Reservierungsbedingungen takes place.
Pricing.
1 whom they pay: all of them for the accommodation of payments received international groupon.
After adoption of its reservation and confirmation of its payment, we will have their (as above), send Reservierungsbestätigungsmail the adopting its reservation.
. We reserve the right: final price, prices for the housing before the reservation to be amended.
You before the reservation about the current price of accommodation information.
This price may by the price you originally on the website of was offered differ. international groupon
Error pricing: in some cases, a mistake in its occur to a false pricing is reservation.
If we have made a mistake, whether as a result of human, technical failure or other), we reserve the right to them the choice between the customs reservation at the right price or offer full reimbursement.
Reservierungsgebühren 4: for transactions that paid by credit card may be additional charges incurred, the issuing of collected. Kreditkartenanbieter
It creates no additional fees for other transactions are paid for. with debit card
All fees payable shall be you before the conclusion of their reservation shall be clearly displayed.
Taxes 5: in certain countries are by the national authorities may be taxes, charges, conditions, or any other charges (" tax assessments together ") shall be collected.
Reservation applicable to their taxes are you before, inter alia, in the terms or reservation other body website groupon. international to
Please take into account that it solely and exclusively to pay any taxes; and such are responsible.
Benefits: they are 6 pointed out that you may during the use of value-added services can benefit from accommodation.
Such supplements may at the hotel, meals, etc. (" benefits " internet at the hotel).
Benefits if they not part of the services were booked on our Unterkunftsangebots you alone against the providers of payment responsible and the responsibility for the provision of such benefits reflects the providers of these benefits.
Groupon travel does not assume any liability or responsibility for the provision, the use, providing performance or other in relation to any extra benefits.
7 change of the price for the accommodation after the reservation: subject to article 5, we will not change the price for their accommodation, after we have sent to them a. Reservierungsbestätigungsmail
8 refunds: if you have (total or partial) reimbursement of us receive, you will, the corresponding amount by its original credited. payment method
Currency 9: the exchange rate of the fee for accommodation is of a purely informative.
Groupon travel guaranteed him and does not assume any responsibility in case of changes, since we can not control.
Should that the exchange rate personally check.
Changes to and cancellations
1 Reservierungsangaben if your change:
1 please take into account that you, the date of departure Anreise- groupon travel length of stay or the Zimmerart can not change.
Changes in relation to the names of the persons in their reservation or booking can only be undertaken if you on contact info @. groupon.de
If we agree to such a name is in our sole discretion.
2. changes other information but a name change may not be possible.
You can have your reservation and depending on availability and cancel at any time, however, in accordance with our, as determined in article 5.2 below Stornierungsbedingungen again for you.
. Please take into account that nothing in this article 5.1 their legal rights, pp.
2 if you cancel their abode:
1 you can have your reservation at any time prior, by giving us on the Anreisedatum cancel info @ groupon.de contact.
As advocating the transaction costs, they have their cancellation the relevant, as intended, Deal-beschreibung Stornierungsgebühren figures.
We will at the time of reservation or if we receive their (or both), on Stornierungsanfrage all applicable information. Stornierungsgebühren
In most cases, you can have your reservation up to fifteen (15) days before the Anreisedatum) without any (including cancel. please check your (but Stornierungsgebühr, as required by providers on Dealbeschreibung is
. Please note that in some cases, the applicable Stornierungsgebühren correspond. Gesamtbuchungspreis
That means that, after the cancellation any reimbursement.
Please note also that we if their cancellation for which they brought about by events is responsible, or which it willingly led the, right where it is necessary, to withhold Buchungspreis so that appropriate costs us due to its cancellation as cover.
3 if a supplier is a provider change their abode: sometimes may be a change to their chiefs, transaction
We providers or they will, on all such changes as soon as reasonably possible by compiling an updated the information concerning their Reservierungsbestätigung update and contained their accommodation reservation information.
We take no responsibility or liability for such changes, as we do not providers.
4 if we or a supplier their abode: we reserve the right to cancel, their gross without any indemnity to cancel if housing the cancellation due to force majeure, or if you pay for their accommodation or in other cases not fully pay in accordance with those Reservierungsbedingungen.
In these cases, we have, however, that you paid. return Buchungspreis
We reserve the right to cancel your reservation, if we have sufficient grounds for believing that a fraud.
In such cases, we will try you on e-mail address, the us in its reservation have set to contact.
If we do not, we will contact their transaction without any liability may cancel.
Limitation of liability.
1 liability of travel for compensation for ordinary negligence, groupon alike, is as follows: what justification limited
1 groupon travel infringement essential obligations under the obligation is limited to the amount to, foreseeable damage; vertragstypischen
Groupon travel shall not be liable for ordinary negligence. moreover.
2. the above shall not apply in cases of liability limits (in particular after the mandatory liability) and for campaign violations of caused Produkthaftungsgesetz life, of the body or health.
Moreover, do not, as a guarantee. groupon travel
3. clauses 6.1 and 6.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis for the liability of travel for expenses. groupon futile
(4) they shall be required, appropriate measures to be taken. and mitigation Schadensabwehr
Complaints.
1 if you have a problem with your accommodation should take it without delay to the supplier (for example, their housing the representative of the resorts, etc.) shall notify. hotel manager
If their claim, not on the ground, they should be corrected us about info @ contact and about the problem tell us groupon.de.
We will all reasonable efforts to them under the circumstances and in accordance with our opportunities now to help.
Please a phone number and time on which we can achieve it, we'll call to return.
. If your claim after notification to the suppliers and call to us under the above number) has not been remedied, it should claim, within twenty-eight (28) days of their arrival in writing to be sent home: international travel, for the attention of groupon gmbh
Wadsack schaffhausen customer service, c / o or 3, 8200 ag schaffhausen, switzerland, indicating the and any other relevant information that Reservierungsreferenznummer we reasonably in terms of their accommodation can demand, for their identity to be checked.
This is the address for specific use. the management of all Reisereklamationen
Please note that our support in relation to the lodging of complaints to the is granted, because we are not legally Kulanz to provide shelter or to remedy any shortcomings in gross are required.
Useful information.
1 Reisepassbestimmungen: a valid passport (for at least six (6) months after the end of their journey should be valid) may for reservations and transactions required.
Visumanforderungen passport and for compliance with specific and other responsible. but they are entry
Should this emergency health care in the relevant messages and / or consulates show.
We take no responsibility if they can not board their journey because the conditions for their passports, you have not fulfilled their visa or entry, or if they do not have an appropriate disposal. Impfpass
For citizens of the european union, within the european union, is a valid identity card from travel.
2 according to their health information: for their trip, mandatory health can transaction.
We advise you to at least eight weeks (8) emergency health care by a healthcare professional (her / its or a family doctor) to discuss Hausärztin Reiseklinik.
Reisehinweise 3 of foreign affairs: the foreign office is most tourist destinations in the world ready Reisehinweise.
We recommend that you the website http: / / www.auswaertiges-amt.de / more about foreign office to visit to see the booking for their Reisehinweise are relevant.
Reiseversicherung 4: it is important and is strongly recommended that they conclude that they cover the travel insurances duration of their housing (and all aspects in relation to their transaction).
Thus ensures that they will be covered financially, if your trip in certain circumstances must cancel.
The level of the insurance cover, you need based on their respective accommodation.
Check-in and Check-out in their accommodation: 5 in their accommodation depends on the Check-in providers.
They Check-in and Check-out times must be on the prior to their arrival with their suppliers happening.
General pattern is that the earliest near (local time) and the last 15:00 11:00 (local time). Check-out
Your providers should also inform, where they are in the late arrival, to ensure that a belated near their rights not affected.
It is their responsibility to exclusively on their terms and conditions and Check-out. to keep supplier near
Legal information.
1 interpretation: these Reservierungsbedingungen:
1 include words that describe natural persons persons, partnerships, limited liability companies, legal persons and associations without legal personality;
Artikelüberschriften 2 be (such as " " at the beginning of this article 9 legal information only and are not part of this is inserted in order to simplify, still influence their interpretation Reservierungsbedingungen;
Serve Artikeltitel (such as ". " interpretation: the beginning of this article 9.1) only the interpretation of the clause, in which they appear; and
4 is assumed that the terms " include " and " including " both " includes (or include) without restriction " and " including without restriction " mean?
2 no surrender: if we not insist that they should all comply with their obligations under this treaty, or if we do not enforce them against our rights or if we delay, this does not mean that we have withdrawn our rights against them and that they do not comply with those obligations.
If we in case of non-compliance on the right, we will not turn this only do so in writing.
Surrender such means only that we only at that time to the specific right.
He does not refer to later or further infringements on their part.
Notifications 3: unless they otherwise specified, all is Reservierungsbedingungen communications to one of the parties are addressed, and must be in writing, by e-mail (unless they personally a communication to travel as part of a legal proceeding or to groupon engaging in a referred to in article 7.2) or send claim by post with paid in advance to the address which they in porto, or have indicated their reservations of travel. groupon head office sent
Survival 4: the provisions of articles 1, 2, 3, 6, 8, 9 and 10 of this and the provisions that are either explicitly Reservierungsbedingungen after or termination of the contract between them and us persist, or that because of their nature or the context can be assumed that they continue to exist after the termination of the contract after or termination of our treaty away.
Severability 5: should a provision of this, he is invalid or be ineffective, Reservierungsbedingungen this provision shall apply as separated and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of the treaty, as far as possible, it does not affect.
No partnership: this agency / 6 do not contain provisions which provides for an a Reservierungsbedingungen joint venture, a partnership, or an agency relationship between you and us arises. gleichkommende
Neither party has the right or the power, in the name of or on behalf of the other party a claim or costs or a contract or arrangement to complete.
7 terms: as far as no other in those not expressly provided otherwise, Reservierungsbedingungen are all, conditions and other provisions, Gewährleistungsrechte regardless of whether they express or agreed in law, konkludent common law or any other reason arise where legally permitted excluded.
8 assignment: a transfer of rights deriving from their assignment is contract with us (for example of a right to receive compensation, where such a right exists).
Do without written permission from us none of their rights and obligations under this treaty, transferred or otherwise go with them, and we act permission to not unreasonable.
We have all the rights and obligations under this treaty to other persons, companies or firms to assign or otherwise transferred (if the company is part of the group or, if necessary, groupon to another company, is where the rights of consumers in these not be adversely affected.) Reservierungsbedingungen
Whole 9: this agreement, the entire Reservierungsbedingungen agreement between the parties, and in terms of their goods go all previous oral or written agreements and conventions and agreements between them and us before and include such.
10 applicable law and jurisdiction: we are trying to all disputes in connection with these conditions of sale apart.
Exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes of or in connection with this treaty if they are kaufmann. berlin
These, these sales contracts of sale shall be subject to german law. and terms of sale include
The united nations convention on contracts for the international shall not apply; Warenkauf
Previous rates shall also apply to all relations between them and us. nicht-vertraglichen
Definitions.
1 accommodation is a shelter for people in a building or a similar structure, including hotels, apartments, villas and houses., Time-share-unterkünften
Force majeure 2 an event that is outside the control of reasonable or of a given supplier is and the groupon travel even using the appropriate care not could have been avoided, including natural disasters, war, uprising, invasion act, hostilities, civil war, foreign enemies uprising, revolution, fire, explosion, internal disturbances or failure of public utilities, lightning, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, storms, tornadoes, acts of terrorism or sabotage, restrictive laws or regulations, strikes, lock-outs, state, or other problems in the world of industrial action of any kind (excluding of strikes by staff of travel), civil unrest, groupon ionizing radiation or radioactive contamination by nuclear fuels or radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of nuclear assembly or any other natural disasters, and central component epidemic or storms.
Website means all 3 platforms, including the international groupon website by the international limited offered or operated, groupon an associated, a website, e-mail, other species Geschäftspartnernetzwerks electronic tenders or other Handy-apps distribution channels, the platforms or germany, or their travel groupon groupon related companies are under their control, or counterparties or operated.
Transaction 4 means the housing transaction from a supplier on the services of groupon travel.
This definition covers recorded " and ". " " book
Reservation 5 means the submission of a housing supply to book (and this definition includes " reserve " and " reserved ').
Services 6 means services, travel to customers in accordance with those groupon Reservierungsbedingungen, including the operations provides as an agent on behalf of the supplier, in order to provide accommodation for the reservation.
7 supplier means any vendors of accommodation, the on the services for reservation or booking.
