Klarna conditions for shopping service
Such conditions shall an agreement between the bank ab (publ), klarna
Including their foreign branches, (", " " we, " " klarna us " or " our ") and " them " and " you (you), " if you services and functions klarna in these conditions, the use, as amended from time to time can be described (the " services ").
Report for the services and include a contract with by accept these conditions, klarna
They understand that every time you use our services is adopted, which they then current conditions version of this support.
They've been to the current version of the conditions on the app access. our website or klarna
Them conditions here also download.
Description of services
We shopping not just about to find and to pay great stuff-it is also about a great shop in their choice, a state-of-the-art Einkaufserlebnis app and many other benefits to enjoy.
Shortly smooothes: a, both before and after they so Nutzererlebnis their purchases have made.
This conditions closer to you what that means.
Please note that you have chosen form of payment can be if they are additional conditions for payment of one of the klarna offered decide. methods
1 autofill and preferred settings
Smooothes and to give them a proper, we will have some information Einkaufserlebnis on they know and use this information to various during their shopping in their information fields automatically nationally.
This enables you to save time and to more important things to focus when the same information always nationally.
Let us explain how it works.
Autofill by entering limited information
In interaction with we can ask for information about klarna, such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail, date of birth or personal identification number.
We this information in our systems, so that they save when they return to us or our service use only some of these information such as e-mail and postal code or personal identification number (depending on country), so that we should indicate the remaining windows with its other information automatically. in
Autofill by Klarna-cookie
Another way their data is the result of a automatically nationally on their equipment (computers, Klarna-cookies tablet, mobile phone, etc.).
You can have your name, address, telephone number, data, such as e-mail, date and in klarna. save Kartendaten
If they do, we use the cookie to these data automatically if you with shopping. nationally klarna
For further information on the use of cookies can be found in our declaration of use of the checkout. Klarnas Tracking-technologien estore
Disable autofill
Automatic functions for if they are not complete, they can contact us would like to use this and we will be disabled.
You get this in the app or by raising their settings disable klarna for autofill during the adjust. Kaufvorgangs
You can always delete all cookies on their device, which our cookie is deleted.
Autofill when buying directly from the app klarna out
When directly from the app shopping, we can their information klarna will automatically on the side, on the goods they complete.
This thereby is that you in the app are registered and we know that they are the shops.
Pre-selection preferred methods
Einkaufserlebnis for her to make such a crucial may, based on the existing klarna the purchases that, in our view, their payment vorauswählen payment is preferred.
You can also access to other, if you prefer, types of payments to anyone other than the we choose to rotate. payment
Klarna app.
Klarna app to you as the app or is made available to web portal, is your, their hub for all their Online-shopping-assistent purchases with and all the other great klarna klarna functions.
App klarna in the can you pay your packages have their purchases and much more.
Some of these functions are by the download of or notification via the app enabled can from them to other web portal of the notification be activated.
Klarna to them the best offer and the possibility of following in Einkaufserlebnis a number of different business on the app to seek. klarna
Every business in the app can be sought or shown klarna, we have a business relationship.
Then klarna as a web browser or acts search engine, the only on the website of the transaction linked.
The scope of the functions provided may vary according to the app vary. Landesversion klarna
Klarna update the app continuously with new and improved klarna functions.
Just some of the functions to call, to which we are particularly proud:
Functions:
Look Klarna-einkäufe and their transactions in
Manage your payments
Simple interaction with klarna
Examples of other functions, depending on which we can offer: Landesversion
Einkaufsdienste search of business as, of which, we believe that they like them and personalised recommendations and other offers content
Buy with the a, even in shops, klarna payment methods which do not use klarna
Appointment, supply or Paketverfolgung
Simple Retouren and registration of reimbursement
Overview and personal finance management
Show save their transactions, and purchases, receipts, pictures and other materials
Footprint their purchases
Look their orders, which on business or company has been paid to do not klarna
Goods or services of their choice you can assemble and these " collections " with other parts
You can their transactions with other users klarna parts
Assistant which of them when filling information (such as payment method,,) by helping Kartendetails Lieferadresse Autofill
Look their transactions on one of the subsidiaries immediately gmbh, billpay gmbh and klarna inc. announced.
It is only after they are under our services have declared for subsidiaries
The transaction data (e.g. name, address, bank account number / iban, bic, date and Zahlungsgrund Sortiercode / amount) are then sent to submitted. Bestelldaten klarna
Klarna App-benutzer as you can, if you like, " their collections, " pictures and upload, publish and share. "
You are aware that, through the transfer of the content, which means that make publicly available information about them accessible to others and of other persons used and can be passed on.
Content upload, they may only publish or for which they pass on the right to use for these purposes, and not against laws, this agreement or rights of third parties.
They hereby undertake not to publish or upload content, parts which illegal, fraudulent or the rights of others are threatening offensive hurt or offensive or are criminal witch hunt against ethnic groups, child pornography or), or to transfer illegal content, should the trojan horses, viruses, spyware, adware, malware or other harmful or harmful programmes include; dissemination or any other unwanted advertising (spam) form of harassment.
Klarna reserves the right, without any obligation and at their own discretion content to monitor to check to disable to or remove without her or a third party to notify.
You alone are responsible for the upload, publish and parts of content and undertake klarna of damage, loss or costs exempt by the upload, publish or parts of content arise also in relation to claims against third klarna.
Klarna extension-supplementary terms and conditions.
Klarna extension offers various for the online shops for traders who Rabattcoupons with work together and selected (klarna klarna. " " Partnershops
Moreover, additional functions, if they are added to the use of log in. extension klarna
They you expand by deserve (Einkaufserlebnis described below) and Cashback benefits (also a tailor-made described below. Kartenzahlungslösung
Klarna fees for is the spread of our users of extension, and used to klarna Partnershops part of these fees to klarna to pay our users by Geschenkkarten qualified to receive. Cashback purchases
Qualified purchase " is a purchase a " in which the Cashback for buying. Partnershop offers
Of extension are entirely at the discretion available klarna Partnershops klarna and can vary from time to time.
All of them are in direct purchases purchases effected and not with. klarna Partnershops
For purchases on the website of a shall be subject to the terms of the Parnershops getägit Partnershops, and shall not be liable klarna in relation to products or services purchased.
3.1 general information, adoption of these conditions, eligibility
Klarna extension " is one of the " klarna made available to the software application.
Conditions (" ") in this section 3 Extension-bedingungen shall apply only to their (hereinafter " the extension klarna Extension-nutzer.
By install, activate use extension klarna or otherwise access it, do you accept this. Extension-bedingungen
Klarna do not install, activate the extension or otherwise access if they do not want to be committed to this. Extension-bedingungen
Klarna extension can only be used on certain supported web browsers.
Usefulness klarna technical extension is subject to the conditions of use and the respective this technical restrictions and specifications of the browser device, is to be installed on the klarna extension.
They must at least 18 (eighteen years to be able to use the extension, in addition to klarna listed below the eligibility and Erweiterungsbedingungen.
3.2 functions and limitations of klarna extension
Klarna extension offers the different functions, some of which only after the registration of a klarna account (defined as below extension) for a Extension-nutzer accessible.
This functionality is thus differences in, with each such a function " is advanced features, and " Basisfunktion which one " function " is extended.
Conditions for advanced features
To be able to use the advanced features, the first account (account " a Extension-nutzer) loops.
To create an account, you need to specify a valid their contact details, including e-mail and postal address.
Per person can only an account to be registered.
Klarna reserves the right to verify that they are entitled to open an account.
They must ensure that their data in their account up to date.
They are for the safety of their account and the activities carried out through your account responsible.
Please be sure to your account.
3.2.1 thus the klarna extension
If your shop visited by one of our, in which we currently vouchers Partnershops (" "), offer them in the browser Partnershop informed if they are, and it will achieve Partnershops cashier of the offered to them, the ticket to activate, if such a is available.
The Basisfunktion shows them the available. for the coupons Partnershop
Please note that the conditions for the general terms and conditions of each Partnershops coupons.
Klarna is trying to correct them coupons to provide.
We take no guarantee, however for the availability of or for the principal or coupons is accurate, complete, current or sound rebates, or that such or the lowest price for a coupon rebates article offer.
Klarna may a commission, (but not of them received Partnershop.
Klarna klarna update the extension on new and improved steadily functions.
Thus they examples of other depending on the version of the extension may be available in your country:
Create collections and inform of goods or services of their choice (wish lists).
Our Preisvergleichs-tool.
The Preisvergleichs-tool is looking for at the appropriate for better prices by Amazon-website seller to compare.
Please note that amazon, and are not linked. klarna
Prices can change and the results of amazon data submitted at the time of comparison is valid.
Klarna party is not a contract using amazon, and shall also be liable not to conclude problems arising from the between them and third existing operators. Vertragsverhältnissen
Klarna is trying to them, as complete and accurate information available.
We collect, however, information from publicly available sources.
We strive that all information in connection with the Preisvergleichs-tool are accurate and up-to-date.
However, we can not guarantee the reliability and accuracy of the information system.
3.2.2 advanced features of klarna extension
Conditions for advanced features
A prerequisite for the advanced features is that of a " (') account account Extension-nutzer has opened.
To create an account, you need to specify a valid email address including their contact information and Eu-telefonnummer.
Klarna reserves the right to verify that they are entitled to open an account.
Cashback
With this function is a percentage of its collection, a variable Extension-nutzer then in the account Einkaufsbetrags of (" ") is registered Extension-nutzers Cashback.
Cashback collected can, without having to the extension, but for your current klarna log in to see the amount (or deliver Cashback subject to these), you must be logged in Extension-bedingungen and us your name, your email address and the postal address tell-unless, you have such information has been submitted. to klarna
Please refer to the following instructions:
Cashback is only on purchases in. Partnershops
Partnershops discretion is located in the availability of klarna and can vary from time to time.
The availability of the klarna displayed. Cashback extension
Extension-nutzer once a decision has been the Partnershops after a Extension-nutzer products or services in the respective basket has put must check by dealing with the Cashback Extension-nutzer corresponding button clicks.
The terms and conditions of purchases, on which apply to Partnershops website carried out.
Cashback Netto-einkaufsbetrag is on the concerned.
Netto-einkaufsbetrag in not for the purpose of taking into account taxes, charges, dispatch Cashbacks, rebates or credits, or returns, Geschenkverpackungen cancellations and Garantieverlängerungen.
Cashback to buy may also be refused if you buy all or part of returned, amended or cancelled.
Variable percentage of Cashback-wert can all determined and can be individually adjusted Partnershop from time to time by each be amended. Partnershop
The Cashback-betrag is expressed in the currency of market in which the is established. Extension-nutzer
A Währungsauswahl can not be changed.
Klarna Cashback is only in the national currency of the user (e.g. euro for germany, gbp for britain and france) for euro.
Klarna-erweiterung Cashback-prozentsatz to the shows during the " (" of each Einkaufsvorgangs Extension-nutzers) is available. Einkaufsvorgang
A Einkaufsvorgang describes the process of continuous choice until the end of payment on the website of Partnershops.
Partnershops certain products and purchases of may exclude. Cashback-programm
Upon activation of a purchase during the same must Cashback Extension-nutzer finish to. to obtain Einkaufsvorgangs Cashback
Cashback is not applicable retroactively to article which they already bought be redeemed.
A Extension-nutzer must ensure that all the technical criteria are met, in order to unlock, to claim, including Cashback activation of java in your web browser cookies and script.
A Cashback-betrag, during a correct reached is within Einkaufsvorgangs thirty (30) days after the contractual (and / or legal) (i.e. as long as it's a Rückgabefrist Partnershops purchases or purchased service can repay) on the applicable account).
Rückgabefrist Cashback-betrag as " during the, a " pending categorised.
Extension-nutzer if a in the activation of the in the cashier of the Partnershops (not Cashbacks, must in the) the notified Klarna-extension extension-users within 14 (fourteen) days after the purchase by the for the purchase of used to register with the device Klarna-extension to claim Cashback.
In the meantime, the apparatus, which technically to Cashback was used. the activation of the Cashbacks
After 14 (fourteen) days can no longer claim that such a Extension-nutzer Übergangs-cashback. in his favour registered
The Extension-nutzer must be a total of eur 30 to collect the (the ") deliver Cashback Auszahlungsschwelle.
, Subject to any other requirements in this is, as soon as the the Extension-bedingungen Extension-nutzer has reached an email to the Auszahlungsschwelle registered in the email address sent Extension-nutzers Extension-nutzer are given the opportunity, in the form of a to one of Cashback Geschenkkarte designated only on klarna Geschenkkartenanbieter on the Klarna-erweiterung is available.
Cashbacks fulfilling the for is the only permitted use of Geschenkkarten, and in particular, have no Extension-nutzer Cashbacks, or any other party right to klarna in an exchange of money! Cashbacks
The Geschenkkarten are subject to the conditions of and the respective trader, if specified Geschenkkartenanbieters.
Geschenkkarten all is enclosed in closed systems (closed-loop) Geschenkkarten, and a mutual acceptance of is not possible. Geschenkkarten
Geschenkkarten klarna in the can only in the specified be redeemed. extension klarna Geschenkkartenanbieter
Klarna reserves the right to the supplier at their own discretion to switch. the Geschenkkarte
If you ask to have you may feel in our Geschenkkarten customer service and we will help you ask.
The Extension-nutzer with his can in a certain traders, select Geschenkkarte Geschenkkartenanbieter the is linked, and the is Geschenkkarte then in which the only Geschenkkarte selected traders). (Extension-nutzer be redeemable Closed-loop-geschenkkarte
Extension-nutzer Cashback branch and may be the for different cash, each with a particular Geschenkkarten traders associated.
Cashback is a purely internal Verwaltungsposten. in klarna
There will be no transfer, no trade, no exchange or similar by with third (whether or not with instead of Cashback participating traders).
Cashback is particularly not in return for issued to traders transferable. Geschenkkarten
Klarna e-mails sent quarterly with an offer to redemption of the Cashbacks Extension-nutzers.
If equal to eur 30 on their account, is offered to them, you in the next period available deliver. Cashback
Klarna is not responsible for lost or other events or delays which e-mails outside the control of klarna).
One-time-karte
Extended an additional function is the use of the One-time card-one of the service available payment services klarna.
The use of the available here is subject to the conditions for the One-time-karte. One-time-karte
License agreement and restrictions
Klarna granted the exclusive, not a Extension-nutzer and not right to exploit the transferable security unterlizenzierbares. extension klarna
Klarna extension may be free of charge as long as for commercial reasons the scope and / klarna or content klarna extension limit or otherwise end at any time without notice change if and in so far as, taking into account the interests of this is reasonable. Extension-nutzers
Klarna Support- has no maintenance, or availability obligations on klarna extension.
Extension-bedingungen on any changes to the https: / / / / / and de agb www.klarna.com of the extension published. Login-seite klarna
Check regularly the website and on the available link to Anmeldebildschirm Klarna-extension.
Inactive accounts
If your account for more than twelve consecutive months (12), the inactive delete klarna your account. Cashback-saldo
Klarna account may also maintain their account and permanently closed and their access to enlargement set. klarna
Notification and security
Kontoanmeldedaten they need to be safe.
Klarna only, the extension and not by third parties as the account holder Extension-nutzer are used.
A Extension-nutzer shouldn't third at any purpose access to or his account grant. Klarna-extension
Every access by unauthorised access to such a third is considered this account.
Once logged in, stay until you are logged in 60 days or until they actively logout inactive, in which case they will automatically were cancelled.
To unauthorised use of their extension or accidental disclosure klarna their personal data to avoid, they shall ensure that only you access to their, and that they are of credentials your account if you computer to unsupervised logout.
You solely responsible for the unauthorised use your account or because of the loss of their personal data, disclosure or their departure from their computers. money credentials
If at any time your account and the advanced features resign terminate wish, you can make a request, turning to our customer service.
Alternatively, you can simply no longer use its account.
Account if you withdraw by to the customer service, or when we ask your account terminate at the time of termination is not their whole forfeit used. Cashback
General
Klarna any decision shall be final and there will be no correspondence led.
In case of conflict between these and other conditions as with other Extension-bedingungen advertising in relation to the extension, the associated klarna these conditions prevail.
All personal data in connection with the extension shall be transmitted as klarna here available used and saved. on privacy statement described
Display earlier transactions.
We store information about their purchases and transactions in the klarna app.
As part of the services provided under these conditions, gives you information about their purchases and transactions, klarna in the file. klarna app
If you want to know more about how we use these and other information on it has read, klarna our privacy policy.
Tenders and benefits.
Klarna can offers and advantages as rebates, special events, former access to new products, and provide samples, Verkaufsaktionen Shop-angebote Give-aways.
Which tenders and benefits they receive is based on your past interactions, such as the number of purchases or the use of our services amounts of their appointment.
6 services cost anything?
The services are free.
Please note that for the use of a given klarna service offered interest and fees may earn.
Put therefore sure you the specific information on their payment selected carefully read.
Klarna has a claim against them, and they are in default with the payment for each can substitute for the this reminder klarna damage amounting to € require benefit from 1.20
Each of them stands the proof that no or only a free klarna damage is lower.
Improving services.
We are working constantly to improve our services so that they have received. a smoootheres Nutzererlebnis
This may require a change of these conditions.
In this case, we call upon them, to accept the new conditions before they can use the services on.
Privacy and their personal data.
As far as they lead us, for example through the upload to process information, publish or parts of data in the app, on information on their political klarna or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership and data concerning health or sex life of their, etc. (so-called special categories of personal data in accordance with the " ") (eu regulation 2016/679), do you explain DSGVO expressly agree that this data to provide our services process.
Further information on the processing of their personal data and other information about their rights in their data can be found in our Datenschutzinformationen.
There you will find our contact details, if you have questions.
Card payments.
If you have a working, you can buy with a number of different klarna and use, including debit, configure Zahlungsquellen credit or. prepaid cards
Their Zahlungsquellen are in their stored until her klarna Nutzerkonto edit / remove or the Nutzerkonto is deleted.
By choose their in store, they authorise Kartendaten klarna this source of all of the following services, klarna klarna, if they have to burden us shopping.
They are only if they are validated. purchase on
If cards not to buy your usual source, including burdened or, where applicable, may authorise subscriptions Ratenzahlungsplänen you to try and others in their klarna their cards to burden. klarna Nutzerkonto registered Zahlungsquellen
Their obligations.
You bound, always correct information and can only indicate under their own identity and the correct action.
Any use of information which does not belong, or which it for other reasons can not use, or the use of the services to, is not required by way a misuse.
All data relating to abuse or suspected relate and the abuse can save future risk assessment and the protection of users to be used.
Klarna reserves the right to services for the continued use to block.
Bilder, texte, receipts, if you information about goods, services or supplies or other content in the app, import or to upload klarna give klarna a right to use the content and presentation of gebührenfreies for the provision of services.
We have the right, all of them uploaded or if we shared content to remove legally obliged, or where we believe that they offensive, the rights of other directives, inappropriate unlawful or otherwise indecent.
For all of them or released content uploaded responsible.
They are aware and we agree that they use the klarna end or, if you can disable app, import or transmit upload content, threatening or indecent or offensive against the law or their agreement with contrary or that reasonably klarna is able to accept that they klarna against the law or their agreement with klarna.
11 services from third
Used functions, such as the some of them, the use of services provided by third Paketverfolgung include, for example the tracking of logistics companies ids.
Functions if they use to services based third, they authorise in their name to these services, klarna benefit.
Their use of google maps in (e. g. by its address in search checkout typing) and is subject to the current conditions of use of klarna app google maps / earth and the google. data protection
In addition to the abuse of on the web portal to prevent klarna app can use the terms of use and using recaptcha klarna of google's. data protection
Klarna app is on the third party (" application " stores) distribution platforms available.
These require the prior registration with the relevant application, where appropriate, store.
Klarna has no influence on the collection, processing and use of personal data by the respective application store operator.
12 duration and termination of the contract
This agreement is concluded for an indefinite period.
It is so long away until they of them or us will be cancelled and may at any time be cancelled.
They may terminate this agreement does not if you have outstanding payment or if you are a klarna benefits service provided a fixed term is either (the has not expired) or a service, the notice shall be subject to this and has not expired. notice
Please note that in the event of termination of the use of the service, including all functions in the klarna managed on the app provided or is no longer available.
Electronic communications.
By accept these conditions, do you explain agree that for communicating with them klarna electronic means of communication used.
Conditions statutory business, payment information notifications and other information to be provided by electronic means, they can, including on the website or app, klarna e-mail address (es) that you have provided.
Update their contact information
It is their responsibility to ensure that your current e-mail and mobile phone number on klarna has, so that we can communicate with them electronically.
Primary email address if they must talk to update, the service for the change.
Questions
If you ask for electronic communications in general, they are returned to the service.
Assignment or transfer.
Do no rights or obligations that they have under these conditions, transferred or dismissed.
Unless already otherwise by the law applicable, we allowed rights or obligations under these conditions or conditions at any time, provided that transferred or dismissed such transfer their rights and obligations under these conditions is not to their disadvantage changes.
Klarna.
Klarna bank ab (publ).
Sveavägen 46, 111, stockholm tel: + 46 8 34 120 120 120 00, fax: + 46 8 120 120 120, 99 e-mail: @ customer, is a swedish bank, the klarna.de in sweden in the registration number is entered. 556737-0431 registers
Sebastian Siemiatkowski is managing director.
Klarna bank ab (publ) is of (the swedish) for the financial Finansinspektionen provision of financial services authorised.
Klarnas entry in the register of, and a list of countries in Finansinspektionen which is entitled to provide klarna cross-border financial services may be found on the website of Finansinspektionen.
Complaints.
For administration, the information provided. on www.klarna.de
For administration, the information is made available.
By using our services that they are satisfied that all the communication in relation to complaints by electronic means, klarna operations.
Klarna if you wish to put a complaint to, you can your complaint on the website of, or on the after-sales Chat-funktion klarna by e-mail to address us.
We should not settle the dispute, they can take the public in sweden " (" Reklamationsamt allmänna) (arn body reklamationsnämnden, ask.
Klarna is in such a is according to the law to participate and conciliation procedure required.
Details of the access criteria available at the website of arn.
Can do your concerns via the internet platform for the eu commission of disputes (so-called " odr platform Online-beilegung ") in german or in another official language of the european union level.
The process is then to be passed on. arn
Get odr platform for you here.
In swedish they can directly to ask: arn, p.o. box 174, 10123 allmänna reklamationsnämnden, stockholm, sweden: stockholm. 5, Besucheranschrift Kungsholmstorg
This Nutzerbedingungen were last updated on. 10.11.2021
