With effect from 11 august 2020
Linkedin has set itself the task, technical and managerial staff, to connect with each other around the world more productivity and success.
Our services are designed to our members economic opportunities to develop, giving them and millions of other technical and allow managers to get together, exchanging ideas, new learning vocational and business opportunities to discover, staff to find and decisions in a reliable network to meet.
Contents:
Introduction
Obligations
Rights, and restrictions
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
End
Applicable law and dispute resolution
General conditions
Linkedin do what they can not do (and to " do's and don'ts or codes of conduct.
Complaints content
Contact
Introduction
1.1 treaty
By using our services do you explain with all the conditions agreed.
Their use of our services and the data protection directive is subject to our Cookie-richtlinie.
In describes how your personal information is recorded using parts and save.
They agree that they a legally binding contract (including the linkedin use our services on behalf of a company), if they are by clicking on " now, " " member of linkedin will express, " " register ' or similar in register on our services have access or linkedin this (described below) use.
Vote this treaty (" the treaty " or " "), you should not be Nutzervereinbarung not to join " (" now or similar) click and in any way to our services have access.
Denounce this treaty if you wish, you can do this at any time by the closing your account and by not more to our services and access is no more use.
Services
Linkedin.com apps of this treaty shall apply, linkedin, learning and other websites, linkedin Linkedin-verbundene, communication and other apps services which state that they under this treaty offered (" services '), including for such services, such as our show Offsite-datenerfassung as well as the " with " and " linkedin plug-ins apply to parts. " linkedin
Registered users of our services are " members ', not registered users are " visitors. "
Linkedin
You close this contract with ab (also with " we " linkedin or " us ").
' Candidate countries ' we refer to the countries in the european union (eu) and the european economic area (eea) and to switzerland.
Countries designated " if you are established close " this treaty with unlimited company (" linkedin ireland ireland "), and linkedin becomes responsible for their personal linkedin ireland data provided for our services or by this covered or in connection with they process.
If you outside the countries located close designated this treaty with the corporation (corp. " linkedin linkedin)
Linkedin and corp.
Becomes the responsible for their personal data provided for our services or by this covered or in connection with they process.
This treaty shall apply to members and visitors.
Visitors or as a member of our services is the collection, use and dissemination of their personal data (these and other documents, including our data protection directive to in Cookie-richtlinie this reference) and the updated data.
1.2. members and visitors
If register, they are a member of linkedin.
If you are not for our services, they can register to certain functions as " visitors " access.
1.3 change
We have to make amendments to this treaty.
We have the right to this treaty, as well as our changing our data protection directive Cookie-richtlinie.
Substantial change we should notify it of our services or in any other way, so that they have the opportunity to review the amendments before you come into force.
We accept that amendments not retroactively can be made.
If you do not agree with any changes, you can close your account.
Further use of our services, after our amendments to these conditions, or published on such changes have contacted, means that they are from the date of entry into force with the updated conditions agree.
Obligations.
2.1 access to the services
Secure us in this treaty, inter alia:
, They shall have completed this treaty and have the required minimum age " " is.
Our services are not for use by minors under 16 years of age.
Services to be able to use that you are as follows: (1) you have the " age " (as shown below); (2) you have just reached an account on with his real name, linkedin have drawn up; and (3) they are not already restricted, the services to use linkedin
Creating an account, indicating false information is an infringement of our conditions, including the accounts, on behalf of other or for persons under 16 years be opened.
The " " is the age age 16.
Requires law, however, that they have to be older to you the services (including linkedin use of their data) without parental consent can legally accessible to " means " the corresponding age. higher minimum age
2.2 your account
You will keep your password.
It'll be a account with other share and in our conditions and the law.
Kontobesitzer members.
They agree with the following agreement: (1) they choose a safe password, keep this secret and treat it as confidential; (2) them any part to other (for example, contact your account); and (3) they adhere to the laws of the code of conduct (what they do on linkedin linkedin and must not do) and to the Community-richtlinie.
You are responsible for all of their actions taken account, unless they have the account closed or a misuse of reported.
With regard to the relationship between them and other parties (including), its account of their employer belongs to them.
Were services but from another party to their use (such as acquired by their employer purchased), the services for the Recruiter-lizenz paying party the right to access the services and the use of such services to control, but it does have paid no rights in connection with their own personal accounts.
2.3 payment
Come agree to its payment obligations to your payment information save.
You know that fees and taxes on our prices can be opened.
For reimbursement shall apply our directives.
Our toll services (" if you "), vote to acquire premium rate services additional conditions relating to these services agreed, and undergo charging us the relevant fees and to pay taxes.
If such fees are their toll services ended.
They also state with the following agreement:
You Devisengebühren or or may purchase is standortbedingten. dependent Devisenkursen prices
Their Zahlungsmethode (for example, we can save and burden, credit card) even after this has expired, for the period of our services to avoid and for them to pay for other services to use, which they may acquire.
Membership if you buy, they shall be at the beginning of each payment method for that period with the resulting automatically Mitgliedschaftsperiode charges and taxation.
Terminate please before, in order to avoid future burdens. Verlängerungsdatum
Check how your terminate or suspend. premium rate services
All purchases of services are subject to of linkedin. Rückerstattungsrichtlinie
We calculate their tax based on the data which they provide us at the time of purchase.
A copy of its bill them in their on under " summary ". Kontoeinstellungen linkedin
2.4 communication and messages
You agree that we have on our websites and apps, communication and messages given. may contact information
Are they not up to date, contact details provided it may be that they will not be given important communications.
They agree that we have agreed in the following way communication and messages given: (1) within the service or (2) to their contact details (e.g. cell number, e-mail address provided, postal).
Agreed saying their contact details up-to-date.
Please check your settings to the news that they receive from us to control and limit.
2.5 share
If provide information on our services share other persons may see this information, copy and use.
Our services allow them, news and information in many ways to share, for example on her profile, on article,, left to, advertisements, Gruppenbeiträge News-artikeln news and Inmails.
Information and content that you share or items from other members, visitors or can be seen outside the third (services).
We respect their decisions taken on who the content or information could see (e.g. the content with their news content, and the visibility of their contacts linkedin shared profile for or whether other updates on their profile search engines are to be informed.
Jobsuchaktivitäten contact with or to the public network it by default.
But if they turn on our services to a job or state that they apply for a job, we share this interest only with the Jobinserenten.
We are not obliged, information or content on our service and can publish them with or without prior notification removed.
Rights, and restrictions.
3.1. their licence linkedin
All content, the whole feedback and all personal data they provide are their property.
They give us, however, a non-exclusive licence for this material.
Who their data and is content and how they may be used for publicity purposes is to its decision, which we respect.
In contractual relationship between them and they are owners of the content and linkedin information you to the services there, and they provide or publish the following related companies and our linkedin grant non-exclusive licence:
Transferable unterlizenzierbare right, and the global information and content that they on our services and services by third parties provide without further approval on its part or communication and / or compensation for you to use to copy, or third parties to modify, to distribute, and shall be processed.
These rights are restricted as follows:
This licence they can stop by for specific content such content from the services have to delete or its account, taking into account that close (a) other persons on the shared content services may be copied, or stored, and in turn divided (b) a reasonable period that we have this content from security and other systems to be removed.
We publish their content (including sponsored) was not in advertisements for the content products and services, to persons other third judge without having this separate received consent.
We reserve the right, but without compensation to you or third parties, in addition to its content and show info to switch.
As noted, in the data protection directive and in its social action may contain visible advertisements.
If you use this function of a service we mention depending on your options with your name or your photograph around in our services for this function to promote.
We their consent, if we get the right to grant other persons outside of our services to publish their content.
Contributing but they share " public ', a function, with the we activate other members of the public contribution in services from third, and we're activating the embedding of content. this public Auffindbarkeit Suchmaschinen-dienste
Know more
Although we may be their content and changes to the edit (by, for example, translations or formatting chiefs, size, layout or transcriptions causes or remove, change filetype metadata all meaning of their contributions.
As they own the content and information are and we only have rights in, you can this nicht-ausschließliche content and other available information, for example, under a creative commons license).
They linkedin and agree that content that contain personal data, subject to our data
They agree that linkedin to all information and personal data, in accordance with the conditions the data protection directive and its options (including options) provide access and use and must save.
By proposing, or other feedback about our services to send linkedin agree that linkedin do you explain this to you at any feedback without compensation benefits and can share (but not purposes it is required.
They provide to us only to provide information and content it to us must pass.
They provide also that the content of their true. linkedin profile
You agree, content and provide information not only violate the law or the rights, including intellectual property rights) other people hurt.
They also agree that their profile data are true.
Linkedin can legally be required in certain countries or certain information content to be removed.
3.2 availability of services
We reserve the right to modify or cancel any services or our future prices change.
We reserve the right to any part of our services to vary, suspend or terminate.
We reserve the right to force our prices also in future, subject to a reasonable period of time in legally permitted level change.
We undertake not published information and content of them to save or continue to display.
Linkedin Speicherdienst is not.
You agree that we are not obliged to them a copy of content or the information they provide or other persons to make available and to save or store unless required by law and how our explained. data
3.3 other content, websites and apps
They use to our services, content and other persons information at their peril.
Third can have their own products and services on offer linkedin.
For such activities by third parties, we are not responsible.
Using services you may be content or information suspended wrong incomplete, misleading, offensive he is late or otherwise could be harmful.
We test of our members or third provided content not in principle.
You agree that we are not content for information (including the third or other members) are responsible.
This abuse of our services, we can not always avoid.
You agree that we are not responsible for such abuse.
They are also aware that you or your company accidentally could be associated with content on third if we tell that their contacts and followers you or your company in the news were mentioned.
Members may to this function corresponding configuration.
Linkedin can members, which offers services (for example, career guidance, etc.), support accounts with members to enter into contact that such services are looking for.
Linkedin services, this is not even from or to other persons linkedin these services to carry out.
They must be aged 18 to allow these services run or entitled.
You are aware that its members in carrying out this linkedin services supervised or controlled and monitored instructs you agree, (1) that not for offering, the implementation of linkedin or the procurement of these services is responsible; (2) that no services offered by a certain member of linkedin confirmed; and (3) that in no way a position, a representation and a between and every member is Joint-venture-beziehung linkedin the services.
If services acknowledge you as a member and promise that it had all the necessary licences, and its services in accordance with the of linkedin. Community-richtlinie provide
Similarly can help them to events linkedin to register by members and / or such events are carried out to visit and with other members to enter into contact to events such participate.
You agree, (1) that is not for the behaviour of members or linkedin other participants is responsible, such events (2) that no particular event which, at our linkedin service is listed in any way recommends; (3) that such events do not evaluated and / or linkedin reviewed; and (4) the conditions applicable to such events will deliver.
3.4 restrictions
We are entitled to their use of our services college.
Linkedin reserves the right to their use of services, including the number of contacts and the ability to limit contact with other members.
Linkedin reserves the right to limit, suspend or to close its account, if you against this treaty or law or the services (e.g. by abuse a breach of the rules of conduct or the). Community-richtlinie
3.5 intellectual property rights
We put on our intellectual property rights.
Linkedin reserves all intellectual property rights to the services.
In connection with the services and logos of the marks used are brands owners.
Brand linkedin, the " in " the logos and other trade marks, graphics and logos of linkedin, service marks for our services are used, brands or registered trade marks of linkedin.
3.6 automatic processing
We use data and information on it to them and other relevant proposals.
We use the by you and other members of information and data provided to recommendations on contacts, to content and functions for you may are useful.
We use, for example, data and information on them, in order to recommend them jobs or they recommended. Recruitern
Correct profile with a current and support us in these recommendations to be relevant and applicable.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability.
4.1 Gewährleistungsausschluss
We hereby declare us not liable for the quality, safety or reliability of our services.
Linkedin and its related companies take no guarantee or guarantee in respect of the services and do not guarantee that the services or sound will be. UNTERBRECHUNGSFREI
Services (including content and information) are and how provided. available without MÄNGELGEWÄHR
Lawful close in the highest level linkedin and its related companies, including any tacit or legal guarantee tacit guarantees regarding RECHTSMÄNGELHAFTUNG, of data, of third party rights FEHLERFREIHEIT NICHTVERLETZUNG and suitability for any purpose, marketability.
4.2 disclaimer
These potentially towards them apply. Haftungseinschränkungen
Highest lawful extent (and as far as the written agreement entered into linkedin no separate the this treaty replaced) and its related companies conclude any liability for linkedin lost profits or business opportunities, (for example, reputational damage or comments), loss of insulting ANSTÖSSIGE data (e.g. downtime or loss of, or amendments to their information or content) or any indirect, secondary or sequelae or in conjunction with this treaty. of punitive damages
Linkedin and its related companies are in connection with this treaty, they do not fall liable for amounts that (a) the total of them during the term of the contract on linkedin paid or, where applicable, fees due, or (b) exceed $ 1,000.
4.3 exclusions under the agreement;
To limitation of liability in this (4) is part of the basis of the agreement between them and linkedin and applies to all (approximately ensure illegal action regarding liability claims, negligence, on a contractual or legal basis), and even if linkedin or its related companies on the possibility of such damage has been given, and if this appeal very purpose of their fail to deliver.
Haftungsbeschränkungen shall not apply in this in fraud, injury or death of gross negligence or misconduct, in violation of a Kardinalpflicht vorsätzlichem, the latter being an obligation, which is a prerequisite for the provision of services and is on the confidence may, but only if they comply with the damage caused directly by the violation, in conclusion of this treaty has been reached as far as typical were foreseen and damage in connection with this treaty.
End.
Either contracting party may terminate this contract, but some rights and obligations retained on the termination, remain valid.
Linkedin both you and this treaty may at any time by notification to the other party.
At the end, you lose the right to access the services or to use it.
After completing shall continue to apply:
We shall have the right to use their feedback and disclosed.
Members and / or visitors are entitled, content and information they have, on the shared services continue to share.
Sections 4, 6, 7 and 8.2 of this treaty.
All amounts that one of the parties before the end of the other, are after completion guilty. still owes
What's going to visit to close its account Hilfebereich.
Applicable law and independence.
In the unlikely event that a dispute should be explained and they agreed that linkedin in the courts of california, using laws or in the courts of california dublin, ireland, applying irish legislation mind.
This paragraph does not help them any in the country in which we you the services and in which they have their habitual residence, mandatory statutory. Verbraucherschutzrechte from
They live in candidate countries, and they agree that the laws of linkedin ireland ireland, with the exception, for all disputes relating to this kollisionsrechtlicher provisions contract and / or services.
Linkedin ireland and they agree that claims and disputes only in dublin, ireland in Prozesswege can be traced and both parties have personal jurisdiction of the courts of dublin, ireland.
All other persons outside the designated countries, including those outside the united states and life, they agree that only the laws of linkedin state california, except for its provisions, for all disputes relating to this kollisionsrechtlichen contract and / or services.
They linkedin and agree that claims and disputes only in the federal and in santa clara county, california, Landesgerichten us, in, and they can be prosecuted and Prozesswege personal jurisdiction of these courts linkedin votes.
General conditions.
Here you find important information on the treaty.
With Amtsbefugnis is a court that part about this treaty of the treaty unenforceable, we will give our agreement and this court, the conditions in such a way that part, with the intention of which is enforceable remains unchanged.
Is that the court can not explain, both parties agree, the court to the part and the rest of this to remove undurchsetzbaren treaty. to
This treaty (including additional conditions on which we give rise, if you tell certain functions of services used), is the only agreement between us in terms of services and replacing all previous agreements to the services.
If we do nothing, to an infringement of this treaty, that does not mean that counter linkedin its right to this treaty enforcement. '
It are not allowed, this treaty (or their membership or the use of services) without our approval to any persons or to transfer. to
They confirm, however, that the treaty to its related companies linkedin or to a party which the company buys without their approval can. go
This treaty, there are no. Drittbegünstigte
They confirm that it legal to only look at the notifications section 10. send that addresses
8 linkedin on what they do and must not do (" do's and don'ts or codes of conduct.
8.1 what they do,
Linkedin is a community for technical and managers.
These codes of conduct and the limit what they within our services Community-richtlinie have done and what is not.
Vote following statements:
They adhere to all applicable laws, including, without reservation, data protection laws, mental, destinations, and tax laws, Eigentumsgesetze Anti-spam-gesetze prudential requirements.
They provide accurate information and ensure that these are always up-to-date.
They use in their profile your real name.
They use the services to professional manner.
8.2 which they do not,
They agree that you refrain from:
Linkedin create a false identity on their identity constitute a wrong for somebody else except themselves (Mitgliederprofil) provide a natural person or the account to another person using or are trying to do.
Software equipment script, or other means or processes develop robots support or use (including crawler, as well as other technologies), and Browser-plug-ins add-ons for the services to, or otherwise profiles and other data of scrapen the services to copy.
Functions override or other access control or over or bypass (such as usage restrictions restrictions on searches or); Profilansichten
Either directly or through third (as) by the services information obtained without search engines the approval of copying, using or distributing linkedin reveal;
Reveal information if they do not have permission to do (such as other confidential information, including their employer);
Other violate intellectual property rights, including copyright, patents, trademarks, business secrets and other property; copy or distributing, for example, not contributions or other content without their approval on the other (excluding available), unless these Teilen-funktion eligibility to be making a creative commons-licensed published;
Against intellectual property or other rights of linkedin, including but not limited to, are (i) the copy or distributing our or other materials, or Lernvideos (ii) a copy or distributing, unless this our technology was under a free software license released or (iii) the use of the word " or " our logos in a name linkedin, an e-mail or url, except as provided for under the trade marks directive.
Publish something that, or other harmful code contains Softwareviren -würmer;
Dekompilieren disassemble, officer, reverse engineering attempt to execute or to any of the source code of services or any related technology are not suggest to the open source);
Without our explicit approval give the impression that with associated or are recommended (linkedin linkedin is, for example, as manager of linkedin spend);
Services or associated data rent, to act with you lease they sell or otherwise, to sell / you or without the consent of monetarisieren linkedin access to the services or associated data for;
Deep-links our services without the approval of linkedin for purposes other than to publicise their profile on advertising for a group or on our services produce;
Bots or other methods to services using automated access contacts adding or download and to send messages or to;
Availability, performance and functionality of the services to monitor; Konkurrenzzwecken
Framing ', ": " or any other simulation or the operation of services operate in presentation;
Services or their appearance or otherwise modify mask (such as by adding elements to services or remove block or in the service of existing hide advertising);
The operation of the services they are inappropriate or (for example by spam, viruses,);, Denial-of-service-angriffe Spiel-algorithmen
Community-richtlinie against or other conditions related to a specific service, are provided if you for such a service register or start using, or, where applicable, on the conditions for bing maps rejected.
Complaints to content.
Important information, if you want to report to complaints content our members supplied.
We respect the other intellectual property rights.
Accordingly requires this treaty that members are correct and not published information the intellectual property rights and other rights of third parties:
We make a directive and a procedure for complaints about our members, content available.
Contact.
Our contact details.
Our Hilfebereich also contains information on our services.
For general questions can you give us online contact.
Legal communications or you can to address these addresses. Klagezustellungen
