- Myheritage agb
These conditions were last updated on 18 april 2020.
If you since that date no checks have do now.
Below displayed german translation is not the authentic version. our conditions
It is purely for information and easier.
The english version of the conditions of use, the legally binding version.
Welcome to Myheritage
Myheritage this is a closed, which allows members and to draw up, for their profiles Familienseiten Stammbäume and to share and to print, with family photos family members to stay in touch, dna testing, the genetic analysis to obtain scientific research and to participate in the family history with advanced to explore the " service (Forschungswerkzeugen).
The service is owned by Myheritage ltd. (
Myheritage ", " " we, " " our " or " us ") and is operated.
You " or " her " means a user of the services over 13 years (adult in some countries is the minimum age 14, see section " user " below). minors
The use of the services and / or the website (" ") the website Myheritage is subject to compliance with the general terms and conditions, which are listed.
Please read this carefully because it by using the website linked to these agreements with us on the basis of this general terms and conditions (the " agreement '), an agreement if you as a member in registered or not (" member Myheritage ").
The Myheritage (the " website) website is part of a group of websites that we own and operate (the " group "), to which Myheritage websites. * is also Myheritage
Is websites and in other Geni.com.
This agreement shall apply to the use of the services, including but not limited to: (a) the submission of samples for dna extraction and processing, (b) to upload a by another version of its genetic information, digital Dna-service exported (c) maintenance and interaction with the genetic analysis by the genealogical website, the " services "); (d) dna genealogy receive view and interact with the genetic ("); " Gesundheitsanalysen Dna-gesundheitsdienste and (e) their (together " the download Dna-rohdaten ") was made available. Dna-dienste
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, if the service for all purposes of this agreement. the Dna-services
When faced with a provision of this agreement do not agree, please use the service and not the website.
We reserve the right to any provisions in our sole discretion, from time to time to change, and such changes occur after its publication on the website into force immediately.
They undertake to any changes in this agreement to be bound, while it continues to use the service after such a change is published.
The service
Myheritage Familienseiten
Myheritage allows them, as a member, content in to prepare and publish Myheritage Familienseiten and allows you to access by other users of such content to taxes and to Myheritage Webseitengruppe college.
In view of the nature of the services, select the information you want to write and carefully Myheritage Familienseiten them stop to illegal or inappropriate content to write.
Users provided, we will not content, but we monitor edit or reserve the right, each of a user provided to remove the content our attention and, according to our sole discretion wakes, is against this agreement.
Illustrating: without limit should it by the service or in connection with the service the publication, transmission, sending or other provision of the following data refrain from:
Photos and other material involving nudity, sexual acts, pornography, violence, and / or Unsittlichkeiten Geschmacklosigkeiten any other policy issues is impetus.
Of substance which the right to privacy or confidentiality of other persons, including all members in their family tree, can hurt.
Our service allows you, with respect to certain names, dates, special Datenschutzeinstellungen e-mail addresses and other persons known. substances for information
Please use these opportunities and respect the privacy of others.
Any photographs or persons (except for the lives of e-mail addresses concerning), if it is done without their consent.
Minors or information concerning children what they identify their personal details or address and other ways to enable communication, without the consent of the parents or guardians of their direct.
Content that they do not belong to their use or they are not doing.
Content that property or other rights of others and / or hurt, including affect copyright and trademarks.
We are extremely sensitive to copyright or other rights of other intellectual property.
Be aware that content, including, even if it at one side photos are, where they are member eingesendet, their authors or they are without permission, and sponsors owner should reproduce.
Content obscene, indecent, which,, fraudulent, humiliating, how much defamatory, false, misleading, hateful, beschimpfend incorrect, untrue, vicious,,, or are threatening belästigend offensive racist, religious or ethnic incite hatred.
Content which worry, worry, someone, embarrassed or fear hurt to distress
Content what you know, current trial is illegal or illegal acts affect; promote or teaching.
Computer other harmful or dangerous codes.
Content which our data protection agreement.
They may not:
As someone else spend their identity or status or distort.
As representatives of the employees or Myheritage ltd.
Or one of its subsidiaries to spend.
Other users without their consent or encouragement or after the explicit or tacit consent or withdrawal of this protection or prolonged and regularly monitor encouragement contact.
Commercial e-mail, spam e-mails, unwanted or other, which the beneficiary e-mails unaddressed can bother mail.
Our website or our service in a way which benefits our name and our reputation could damage.
Others in the use of the website or impede or restrict service.
Parts of the, the use of or access to the website for commercial ends.
Operations which members or users of or any other area of Myheritage Familienseiten in any way a payment requires.
Without our explicit approval for products and services or to promote you to buy offer (in this case they must us for these activities fulfil provisions laid down).
Left on our website or service, working on web pages outside the insert third group website references. Myheritage
Without our explicit and prior written consent do neither our website or parts thereof, or copy content available electronically, save market selling to purchase offer or systematically content and data and therefore for any purposes other databases uploading create or filling data.
Ripping, and / or data and exploit all of pages from the website without our explicit and prior written authorisation is strictly prohibited.
Express except for the prior written consent is the resale of (including, without limitation Myheritage Myheritage-produkten) strictly forbidden Dna-kits.
Myheritage it is strictly forbidden, and then to buy Dna-kit to someone else to sell.
Activities site that to our attention and in our judgment, the competent authorities, applicable laws violate reported.
Myheritage Familienseite share their content on a members with other members.
This can cause conflict between members.
The following directives apply to all members, including Myheritage them.
Permission family members must live before you information about them to catch up with the, and if you without Familienseite upload their permission do, it is the responsibility of the owner of the fund, which the member Familienseite Familienseite has drawn up.
If we appeal to a person or a person near relatives on information which is against their will on a are we reserve the right, Familienseite, that information with against the will of the owner of the erase Familienseite
In case of a dispute with the owner of a we are entitled to in our election Familienseite whose membership should be stopped and to remove it from the service.
Where the member concerned is a subscriber, the paid of us in this member refunded. Abonnementgebühr
The right of a relative, not on the equal are stronger, weighs Familienseite than the right of the owner of the relatives on the list. Familienseite Familienseite
Familienseite if a person on a personal data which another member is entered and the will, is this person a have removed to privacy and us authorities @ myheritage.com E-mail-anfrage up to one week to deal with this question time.
We will try the dispute by contacting the owner of the, which enter or has this information Familienseite is responsible for him time to react to and to agreement.
Familienseiten photos of information or other without permission to copy their owners shall be prohibited and members who do this risk at the discretion of ltd., service Myheritage excluded
Or photographs of external websites and information services and their publication on the prior approval by the owner Familienseiten of that content.
Familienseite invite other members for their personal or their applications for membership accept allowed these members access to and you could copy. parts Familienseite
If that happens, it is the responsibility of the owner of or the member what the invitation Familienseite drawn up or the, and not with accepted Mitgliedschaftsantrag Myheritage ltd.
Should invitation or wrongly drawn up and that have been accepted Mitgliedschaftsantrag, is the owner of this member again and remove Familienseite access to it, allowing Familienseite
Familienseiten are open to visitors by default but the details of family members, for this with the exception of their genealogy remain surname hidden.
For maximum, the owner of a data protection as that set a private Familienseite than private hire and the smart politics on their off. matching ™ legends
Smart matching ™ is a service to the discovery of similarities between she and other genealogies, but this advantage also has a drawback in data protection; other owners can, which correspond to parts of their Familienseiten their correspond to see Stammbaumes (excluding persons living in their family tree, in the other are not the hidden family tree).
If that troubles you, you need the smart by them in their matching ™ off in your account top Auswahlmenü Familienseite on the website " up " button, then on " content " under the desired button, the option " smart Familienseite matching " and finally to enable ™ Myheritage on the button " save deselect " button.
Smart matching for her if you let family tree enabled ™ carry the responsibility that other members can all. parts of their Stammbaums
We reserve the right to our own discretion on any reason or undue with or without prior notice and without any liability, financial or other nature, contributions from them and / or by rejecting its publication as published content Familienseiten contributions to refuse or to remove them or their access to all or individual parts of the website and / or services, to interrupt or stop limit.
We also reserve the right to our own discretion with or without prior notice and without any liability, financial or other administrative, at any time, their publication as contributions to reject Familienseiten refuse or to remove them, if we consider that the relevant in this agreement any kind of hurt. Familienseite
Stammbäume content, as soon as you and photos on the website including, publish, these items or upload to all persons who have access to this or any other website within the group are accessible websites Myheritage depending on the Berechtigungseinstellungen under its control.
Berechtigungseinstellungen depending on your, other content, which they have certain Webseitennutzer posted, see copy, save uploading, modify or delete edit.
They agree that other users on their access and additions, distances or other Familienseite make any changes.
Information posted, which they have displayed and are for other visible and accessible, available or audible.
Content you can, which they have previously on the website posted; other copies before but should delete or otherwise, they may have saved runtergeladen continue to publicly available forever.
Other users can you on its content on our website. geposteten contact
We send them a message indicator, you should have received a new message on our website.
You can have your email settings in the area of my account " on the website to such notifications if they do not want.
Dna-services
This section applies to the Dna-services including, inter alia, the appointment of the submission of dna samples to Myheritage Dna-test-kits us acceptable use of such samples and resulting or of them on the website tabled, mutations or (nucleotides dna marker, " "), the haplogroups Dna-ergebnisse results of the genetic analysis of the estimates and the Dna-ergebnisse Dna-übereinstimmungen (together " the origin "), and their rights include Dna-berichte, obligations and restrictions on their use of Dna-services.
Please note that, in order to be able to use them as Dna-services member on the website, but it is not necessary to register, a subscriber to to to use Dna-services
Their Dna-services is subject to this agreement and the use of Myheritage Datenschutzvereinbarung.
The Dna-genealogie-dienstleistungen are currently not available for residents of the following locations: israel, iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria (" limited. " sites for Dna-genealogie
The Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen currently can not be provided to persons resident in one of the following areas: israel, france, germany, the united states, rhode island, new jersey and new york, as well as iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria (" regions with restrictions on the "). Dna-gesundheit
With empowering the, by submitting a dna sample to Dna-services test or the upload or upload to the website, they assert Dna-ergebnissen it at least eighteen (18) years of age or older and no people of reduced locations for the or restricted sites for the Dna-genealogie as listed above, and they Dna-gesundheit declare that they have read and understood the agreements, and with this agreement and with the collection and use of their dna sample and the calculation and the applicable provision and Dna-ergebnisse by us agree. Dna-berichte
Also explain that they submit each and all information, dna sample they transferred or a person with the upload his / her associated either their dna or or Dna-ergebnis, exclusively in terms of the use of dna, those of a person are genealogy services for which they are legally or a Erziehungsberechtigter authorized whose dna in us.
Notwithstanding the above, the use of for law enforcement purposes, forensic inquiries, Dna-dienstleistungen criminal investigations, " cold case " studies, identification of unknown, the identification of relatives of the deceased late using and / or any similar Leichen-dna purposes is strictly forbidden, unless it was such a court order.
It is our policy to resist to the privacy of our Strafverfolgungsuntersuchungen to protect customers.
All provisions contained therein, both for using the Dna-ergebnisse produced, as well as for dna tests Myheritage dna which the direct on the website was divided the upload transmission by another or other means by which they Dna-test-service us their made available to. Dna-informationen
By transmission of dna samples to, give permission Myheritage Myheritage dna from the samples directly or indirectly to extract, genetic analyses with available today and those in the dna methods are developed, the results of the future to tests carried out for the provision of suitable for them in relation to the Dna-berichte undausschließlich, also to others who they Dna-genealogie-berichte authorise, and samples for further disclosed genetic testing to save (i.e. we can in the future by additional genetic testing may be more detailed and Dna-ergebnisse, and other results provide Dna-berichte in any case subject to and in accordance with this agreement and with the data protection legislation and its explicit agreement), and by them to allow Dna-ergebnisse download.
They recognize that in the event that their download: 1) such a download Dna-ergebnisse a copy drawn up not by the security and; 2) is protected by Datenschutzeinstellungen Myheritage the download and storage of its after downloading at your own risk be Dna-ergebnisse; and 3) do not control the downloaded has Myheritage and them or to third parties not Dna-ergebnisse in connection with such a download and / or such storage not below.
We raise not claim any property rights to the, the dna samples and / or the genetic genealogy and Dna-ergebnissen genetic information to have health Dna-berichte.
Each genealogical and genetic information, any genetic health resulting from the genetic information is derived, or in the dna samples Dna-ergebnissen and / or the is included, is still person Dna-berichten of dna was collected only to the granted rights to in this agreement. Myheritage
Also understand that the Zurverfügungsstellung of and / or, you no dna samples Dna-ergebnisse rights to the research or make any commercial products which of us can be developed, based on their dna relate.
We if required of them by made available to them. destroy dna samples
To destruction of dna samples to request contact us please on the " contact us " in contact details below section.
They may also at any time their and from the website, delete Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte by Löschfunktion by the page on the website " manage " or ask the Dna-kits on this for you to after-sales service Myheritage.
By Dna-proben to us and / or to the website, provide give Dna-ergebnisse us a free licence to use their, worldwide, the dna samples for the sole purpose of dna Dna-ergebnissen genealogy and / or any services they dna samples results for staff, of whom it in accordance with this paragraph and to the necessary extent have been given at least Dna-ergebnisberichte us the fulfilment of this service to enable.
Their us licence issued is not permanent and may be withdrawn at any time, because they are entitled, their and reports from our website to definitively Dna-ergebnisse remove and us to destroy their dna to.
Hereby give us of any claim, pledges, claims or complaints procedures in connection with the dna test, the dna samples, and / or Dna-ergebnissen, including, without limitation, Dna-berichte free mistake, not for libel, breach of data protection, demands right to public emergency emotional or economic loss.
This section also remains in force, if they are no longer use the website or. Dna-services
They confirm that the transmission of a dna sample from among them a or limitation of the country to ban in which they reside.
They also agree that they have, according to the eligibility laws of the state or jurisdiction, in which they find themselves, the representation in this agreement to provide and that it explicitly to the remedies in connection with any laws or regulations in terms of dna samples, and / or storage and their Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte by the state or the jurisdiction in which they live.
You will agree that the dna samples in the united states is stored, as required by this agreement.
We reserve the right, at its discretion, to block or to reject publications to refuse or and / or the us from Dna-berichte Dna-ergebnisse was provided to them or of us-at the end of the process a dna sample were made available, to remove or restrict or this agreement or its access to all or part of the reason, with or without at any time or Dna-services without prior notice and without liability to resign.
In such cases, if they have acquired from us and we Myheritage Dna-kit use this right, we will have made them the money) above.
Eligibility
Dna-services exploitation and membership of where it is null and void is forbidden by law.
Do Dna-services only the use if you eighteen (18) years or older, and legal personality a binding contract with us to.
Dna-services not use the if they are associated against any applicable local, state or national laws or regulations of residence).
Dna-services ensure with empowering the that (a) the transmitted by dna samples and / or you or anyone belonging exclusively in Dna-ergebnisse with regard to the services for which they dna genealogie a legitimate, the sample and / or approval to share; (b) they Dna-ergebnisse eighteen (18) years or older; and (c) the use of the applicable laws or provisions is not against Dna-services.
If minors the use, the received Dna-genealogie-dienste Dna-services parents or guardians of this for the actions of the minor blamed minors.
If you, if only for the purposes of dna services, a minor Dna-stichprobe genealogy, they must submit parents or guardians of the minor and this in a format we find acceptable, if we so confirm in writing before the issue of and for the minor Dna-ergebnissen Dna-genealogie-berichten demand.
When they have reason to believe that they have active, a state or infectious disease disorder can, please not to us back to their sample a condition or disease no longer is contagious. or cured
Their should not be processed their dna sample and can be deleted and their Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte may be terminated without prior notice membership if we believe that this agreement or part thereof or injured. '
Conditions
This section applies to the currently used Dna-services.
Dna-ergebnisse you can, and her account are for any reason from the remove profile at any time into which they or we have uploaded.
Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte and / or their we can remove and / or their membership at all times and without prior notice.
After termination of membership are the covered by this arrangement property rights effectively.
Non-commercial use by members
The Dna-services are for personal, private and informative use and not determined members in connection with research may be used, commercial or other than those who specifically we support or in writing, have been approved.
An illegal and / or unauthorised use of, including collection of Dna-services and / or Dna-berichten is prohibited Dna-ergebnissen.
We reserve the right, with all the rights attaching to protect and enforce Dna-services offered.
Prohibition on the use of dna services, and / or in legal proceedings Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte
Dna-dienste Dna-ergebnisse, including the use of and / or in legal proceedings or in support of Dna-berichte judicial or claims shall be prohibited. extrajudicial
In relation to the use of genetic tree is in distant relative to find. Dna-diensten
Dna-dienste Dna-ergebnisse, including and / or can not for the identification of direct Dna-berichte as (maternity or paternity) a person may use and are not valid proof of a direct. race
Dna-dienste Dna-ergebnisse, including and / or the based solely on Dna-berichte statistical estimates and are inappropriate means to supply in relation to the direct descendants of clear results of one person.
Property rights in relation to the content
A. we claim no ownership of the underlying dna samples, or any that you the Dna-ergebnissen Dna-ergebnissen on the lodging and to the genetic genealogical Dna-services and health information in the Dna-berichten.
After transmitting to the website or after Dna-ergebnissen send a, keep still all property rights to dna sample of dna sample and the applicable and genetic information and genealogical Dna-ergebnissen and continue to have the gesundhetlichen the right to their Dna-berichten and in each of them elected Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte way used.
By having a dna sample and / or the transmission of the website to explain this, Dna-ergebnissen that they have the right, the right to the issue, use, Myheritage change, and the representation of the Dna-ergebnisse and through the for exclusively on Dna-berichte Dna-services commercial or non-commercial purposes and the activities of (and their related companies and successor Myheritage) to distribute and to produce.
Dna-services Dna-ergebnisse and as the contain of users, and other members Dna-berichte licensors.
Except content which derived from or by a user expressly authorised Datenschutzeinstellungen they may not content, copying, modification, publish, transferred to translate projecting, run on the show or sell or on the website and / or the Dna-services appear.
Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte and dna samples;
Are solely responsible for the dna samples which they send to all, to Myheritage materials and information they Dna-ergebnisse us and our members on any and all interactions with other Dna-service provide users.
Myheritage controlled or does not support activities which from their participation in the Dna-diensten operators.
Therefore Myheritage rejected any liability in respect of actions explicitly from arising from their participation in the Dna-diensten operators.
Either explicit or implicit we give guarantees concerning the and as regards the accuracy, or Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte of accuracy, completeness, reliability, timeliness and quality, nature, safety, security or ratified suitable for the purpose of the website, or the or Dna-services Dna-berichte.
Dna-services recognize through the use of that they from the available to and from the Dna-ergebnissen Dna-berichten which they do not have expected, the strong emotions can cause and have the potential to their lives and their worldview.
You can discover things about themselves they concern but which are not taxes or can change (e.g. her father is not your father or your ethnicity is not genetically what you thought or surprising facts in connection with their race, or that they have an above average income risk an incurable disease as alzheimer's disease to develop.
This as soon as they have received information knowledge is irrevocable.
You should not assume that information we they may now or during the progress of genetic research may be available, welcome or are positive.
These results could be social, legal or economic consequences.
Recognize them further that their use of and the receipt of the resulting Dna-services serious consequences not only for them, Dna-berichte but also for their immediate or other family members may have some of their dna as they share.
If you in any way on any possible effects are concerned, they shall use the not. Dna-services
Genetic information to share it with others, could be used against you.
They should be considered in the disclosure of information to third parties, be careful.
Even given other genetic data today no meaning or only a limited importance, such as the), it may do so or Dna-ergebnisse Dna-gesundheitsberichte information in the future as new discoveries greater significance.
In future, enterprises can of them demand. such information or insurance companies
2008 in the united states, the law concerning prohibition of discrimination on grounds of genetic information (genetic information act, gina) came into force Nondiscrimination.
Other states and countries-but not all-have laws to protect persons with regard to their genetic information.
Perhaps you should consult a lawyer to exactly the level of legal protection of genetic information to tell this to anyone before they share.
Dna-gesundheitsdaten if your of and at a for export Myheritage Drittdienstleister, they may genetic information, Gesundheitsanalyse upload them not notified and not on Myheritage has validated, be disclosed. Myheritage
Myheritage assumes no liability for such data, as the dna data on some variants named can be wrong.
They bear the sole risk for the export of dna data and the in the the same upload of Myheritage. Drittdienstleister
More to the Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen
Do Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen the only benefit from if you at least 18 years of age.
Health survey
Dna-gesundheitsberichte before we provide them with the, we collect using a questionnaire, some of their own to be data and their family members (your health information in or health survey health survey.
Gesundheitsfragebogen we are estimated according to the capable of their suitability for one or all of their development and publication (to determine Dna-gesundheitsberichte in rare cases may be refused) and, if it for one or all are appropriate, we can, thanks to the Dna-gesundheitsberichte them with the information contained in the health survey and provide them with the duly Dna-gesundheitsberichte corresponding had nothing to say.
Therefore, they must complete. the full health survey
Marriage information about third provide it to the appropriate those on which they obtain consent in health survey would have information.
The data in their health survey we stored and used in accordance with our provisions on data protection.
New questions and issues can be added, if new information on the health survey necessary to her on the present situation on the market or to Dna-gesundheitsberichte with new to produce reports.
In such a case, we are entitled to them this e-mail address.
You can delete the data in their health survey, turning to our edit or servicing.
For more information, please see the data protection rules.
Genetics is only part of the image
Based on the assessment of specific genetic variants are available, but they Dna-gesundheitsberichte genetic information on risks not their complete genetic profile.
The Dna-gesundheitsberichte are not all genetic variation which, with a particular disease linked, and the absence of tested version does not exclude that other genetic variants exist, with the disease can involve.
Moreover, in most diseases genes that we know only to a part of the global exposure are responsible.
Other factors such as the environment and lifestyle can to affect the risk, a certain disease to develop effect and may depending on the disease more important. Prädiktoren
If their data shows that they do not increase risk of illness or genetic disease have so if they are still not feel secure.
The opposite is true: if from their data indicates that you an increased risk in relation to a genetic disease or condition, so this does not mean that the disease or condition actually get.
All findings in the confirmed and by additional medical and should Dna-gesundheitsberichten clinical tests and information.
Don't rely solely on the Dna-gesundheitsberichte
Dna-gesundheitsberichte is not to the purpose of the disease or condition any independent way to diagnose this to prevent or to treat this without medical or clinical data on their current health to tell to serve as a basis for medical decisions, including the decision as to whether they should take a drug or not including the corresponding doses.
Also it may be that you want more of your doctor, a genetic services or any other adviser to better take Gesundheitsdienstleisters results with regard to the diseases or illnesses to reach on the out. in their Dna-gesundheitsberichten
The Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen do not provide any medical advice, or supply shall not exercise of medical activity by, and it is also no Myheritage between them and other Patienten-gesundheitsdienstleister-beziehung Myheritage.
Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen serve the exclusive research, informative purposes and training purposes.
The use of information, in the framework of available (including Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen information we for you may through their research and scientific literature or identify and Dna-gesundheitsberichts them to give) shall be made on its exclusive Klageanspruch risk.
Dna-gesundheitsberichte they should not as a substitute for or for the maintenance of another visits, for professional advice, diagnosis Gesundheitsdienstleisters, advice or for treatment by a doctor or any other personal reputation, their health in healthcare providers qualified as part of a broader relationship of medical treatment can be considered.
Where there is doubt or issues relating to its, or in any questions on the diagnosis, Dna-gesundheitsberichte healing, treatment, alleviation or preventing any illness or illness or disability or in questions or to their health and their health doubts should see your doctor or another healthcare professional immediately consult.
Genetic research is not fully and constantly is gone.
Please note that many of the genetic knowledge, which is from the may result, not clinically confirmed Dna-gesundheitsberichten and are currently used the same technology (the research community vessels are widely used not for clinical tests was set up.
Our Testvorrichtung variations may also due to technical or some variations in a given Dna-gesundheitsberichte some of them are not available. Dna-gesundheitsbericht
Outlined variant based on the risk per ethnic groups can be calculated not with their own ethnic group or they are not relevant to agree and therefore can not accurately reflect the risk for them.
In future, the scientific community may conclude that are incomplete or inaccurate, prior studies and future scientific studies, the interpretation of its change. Dna-ergebnisse
With progress of scientific knowledge will enable our change and in the future results other Dna-gesundheitsberichte reflect.
We can, for example, the rate of change that we, as part of their variations genetic predisposition for a certain disease look at.
Also, we can this variations to so that different values or classes variations which, in the future be regarded as harmful as benign apply and their change. Dna-gesundheitsbericht
Another example is that we are estimated for a certain disease can change. Risikostufe
Having them made available, we can have Gesundheitsberichte also on the diseases and disorders that on pages were listed as they to Kaufanbahnung Dna-gesundheitsberichte have commissioned, diseases and disorders add.
Other companies which offer a genetic can possibly different genetic variants Risikotest for the same disease, so that they discover in the use of a test of another company get different results.
Different mathematical tools and we can also be used to the presence of a statistical framework variation or you to analyse risk
We reserve the right to their due to new information, data or Dna-gesundheitsberichte scientific evidence to date.
We reserve the right to inform you, if you Dna-gesundheitsbericht has been changed.
Genetic health information to obtain some people can give rise to fears.
This is normal.
Great fear in your doctor should or other healthcare professional before they speak their available. for the dna sample Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen
We recommend that you before submitting its with a genetic advisor, a dna sample nurse specialising in genetic diseases or an approved medical to speak and fully to inform geneticist, so that they can decide whether a better for them is the right thing. dna test
Dna-ergebnisse please note that with your doctor or Dna-gesundheitsberichte or other care provider parts, their may be included in the file and thereby future accessible. insurance companies or other healthcare providers
If they are asked whether they have an insurance company genetic information to your health and have it do not reveal it constitute a fraud.
Our lab is in texas as a clinical laboratory, but is not allowed in all jurisdictions an authorisation for our necessary. Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen
We have therefore not in all countries, states or in all international authorities have a licence to carry out health or genetic testing purposes. which
Also offer us, in certain jurisdictions, not because we do not our Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen have the necessary authorisations have.
For execution of orders from customers resident in the united states, we need a medical prescription to be drawn up and to its customers Dna-gesundheitsberichte.
We work with an independent network of fully approved consultants and consultants, llc (genetic together, Pwnhealth) (" "), www.pwnhealth.com Pwnhealth for a medical surveillance of of guaranteed. Dna-gesundheitstests Myheritage
To control by means of a medical and genetic adviser be Pwnhealth their personal data, including information on, and the, health survey Dna-ergebnisse respect for confidentiality in Dna-gesundheitsberichte Pwnhealth expedition.
The fee for the service of, on behalf of Pwnhealth Myheritage argued and is in the total price of Pwnhealth Dna-gesundheitsdienstleistungen.
Dna-gesundheitstest Myheritage was not of the by the u.s. health board (united states food and drug administration, fda) released or approved.
Fda under is subject to this test before its launch any checks by the fda.
You agree, their subsidiaries, staff, directors Myheritage, representative, managers, affiliated undertakings and all the licensor acting on our behalf and their representative, representative, third partner and staff, of any losses, including the appropriate guarantees and rights exempt which due to their use or lawyers ' fees of access to the resulting consequences for the use or Dna-services emerge.
Use of data
Members or those that the website and / or the services, these may be otherwise exploit Dna-genealogie- Dna-genealogie-berichte only to the extent of another member, as the use of the member is permitted and exclusively on Datenschutzeinstellungen is limited, the other members of the Dna-genealogie-berichte available.
Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte and / or if such in another collection and / or use website or publish or otherwise outside the use, please note that Dna-services the Dna-ergebnisse and / or in accordance with the directives of these other Dna-berichte websites and / or applications are used and that this use exclusively in their own risk is.
Data protection and security.
Details our data protection directive can be found under data protection
Limitation of liability
Without derogation from section " " (in the section ", limitation of liability and the liability is Haftungsausschlüsse limitation of liability to be noted that the institutions in the united states from our Dna-services control.
Dna-services assurances that we don't make the other sites or are available for suitable.
Dna-services jurisdictions of those who do so or use other relate at his own will and are to comply with the local laws responsible.
Other sectors of the website
Member as is your right, content to other areas, such as the website to posts. Support-forum
They may also comments on content from other users items.
We reserve the right to content or contributions to remove-with or without prior announcement and without any liability, financial or other administrative-of which we believe that in our sole discretion in any way, against this agreement rejected.
Myheritage Sicherungsdienst
Myheritage offers an alternative service for the backup against an additional. Abonnementgebühr
This Sicherungsdienst is subject to this agreement and additional conditions for the Sicherungsdienst are specific.
Limited Nutzerlizenz
You are hereby authorised, the service and its contents exclusively for the personal use and subject to the provisions of this agreement (the " licence ") to use.
The service is not for commercial purposes or licensed.
We reserve the right, the service or parts thereof at any time to cancel.
Download any or all parts of a function of the services or part of the public areas of the services shall be prohibited.
A online or other content in the public sector re-release of shall be prohibited.
An infringement of this licence may for immediate termination of their membership and lead to due to legal action interim injunctions and / or other damage, omissions.
Do service and any software by the service is provided only online and may not use this software download, copying, or disseminating, unless reuse it in connection with this software is that it clearly indicated for will be made available and that for Offline-einsatz the use in connection with this software a licence will be made available.
Copyright
Except with regard to the above, give it to us through the publication Dna-services of content on the web site a free, global, permanent and not exclusive license to accommodate, copying, and distribute this content. send
Matching-verrfahrens Myheritage of the integration of the with our partners as family, historian, and Rootsmagic Aldfaer does not publication of content. Coret genealogy
The software and web pages for the information supplied to us of our partners we to synchronize no purpose other than to used and published in third matching never sold or licensed.
Licence such information we have no, and this information, we are not collected, and they are automatically deleted after the calculation.
Users our partners may receive matches () with our users smart, but such Stammbaum-übereinstimmungen matches are not: our users are not smart bidirektional matches with the users of our partners and can not see their data.
All geposteten content on the website with the exception of user submitted, and content, Dna-ergebnissen genetic information in dna samples, are owned by us or by Dna-berichten third us a limited licence issued this content.
Content posted to belong to the person Familienseiten the content has established under the control of the manager of the, where they have been tabled and will Familienseite of us under the terms of the agreement is.
Myheritage Urheberrechtsgesetzen is in accordance with the american and israeli, international agreements and other applicable Urheberrechtsgesetzen. copyright
Do Anwendungscode our the software and the applications in any way modify.
They are the changes that production of derivative works, translation, the reverse engineering, the, the dismantling or the hacking of decompilation all of us offered applications, or parts thereof not take downloadable components cause or permit authorize.
Digital millennium copyright act (dmca)
We respond to clear communications in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (" "), the us on alleged dmca out. copyright infringement
The remedies for copyright holders, the dmca to believe that through the internet their rights under the us copyright material view injured.
More on the dmca to know please visit the u.s. copyright at https: / / Office-website www.copyright.gov / legislation / dmca.pdf.
Holder of a copyright, or if you are the representative of the holder, and in all conscience expect on the website of the intellectual property, can you gehostete content our designated agent (commissioner of copyright) a copyright notice referred to in, either by mail to: send dmca copyright notice, agent for attention: legal department, po box 50, terminal Myheritage yehuda, israel, or park, or by e-mail to 6037606: copyright @ myheritage.com.
Communications must applicable legal requirements of dmca.
Please provide the following information in its communication:
• physical or electronic signature of the person empowered, on behalf of the holder of an exclusive right to act, the alleged by the material / the materials is violated.
• identification of copyrighted works, the allegedly used without or if several copyright works on the website by a single notification are reported, a representative list of these works.
• identification of the material from which claims that it goes against the rules, and that is the subject of infringements or removed or to which access is disabled and information sufficient to Myheritage is one of the material to allow (provision of urls is the best way to content quickly to find).
• information which are sufficient to provide it to allow Myheritage to contact, such as party beschwerdeführende an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address, in which the party can be contacted beschwerdeführende.
• a statement by the complainant that it in good faith is of the opinion that the aforementioned use of works not by the right-holders, his representative or the law allows.
• a statement that the information in the communication are correct and, in that the oath instead is entitled, on behalf of the party beschwerdeführende owner of an exclusive right to act and possibly injured.
If you are not sure if you have rights to a particular work or whether it is in fact an infringement of them reported material, contact a lawyer or another legal adviser, since no can offer. Myheritage
Note that under the dmca with false accusations. penalties
Marketing of our services
Because service do you explain agree that we use them their contact information products or services of which the product or to offer Myheritage service complement they originally with us ordered.
Such Werbeangebote via e-mail, telephone or may be on postal way.
Werbeangebote if they do not wish to receive, they can by e-mail at any time in the e-mail or via the " link " is unsuscribe cessation of E-mail-präferenzen abbestellen.
See E-mail-präferenzen section on in our data protection rules.
Werbeangebote or by telephone if they do not wish to receive, talk postal way plea to privacy @ inform or by a representative of myheritage.com Myheritage.
Fees and terms of payment
Abonnemente
Myheritage zahlungsbasierte offers as an addition to free to baseline Abonnementpläne which include: premium,, and Familienseitenplan Familienseitenplan Premiumplus plan. Datenplan complete
All Abonnemente for a are automatically extended to ensure continuous service.
So as soon as they have become a, your abo automatically Abo-mitglied extended and according to offset, based on their elected payment. Abonnements-dauer
Unless refuse consent or cancel you according to the following instructions in this agreement.
Zahlungsbasierte Abonnementpläne rules, because of the us and purchases for residents of the following locations currently not available: iran, libya, sudan, somalia, north korea, lebanon and syria.
All we buy, physical goods and articles are to form part of a supply contract available.
This means that the risk of loss and property of this article to as soon as we on these passes over them delivery to the carrier was handed over to.
1 not extensions
You can of each of its use of my side and by Abo-erneuerung log in purchases (select the appropriate abo, resign click " show details " and then on " annual renewal) cancel.
Select on this side, press " from the corresponding abo show details " and select " annual renewal cancel. "
Or telephone under + in the us) (1-844-994-1888 freephone number.
See page contact us from other countries. for additional numbers
Provided they are not at the latest one day before the end of the current know her Abo-laufzeit are to continue, the abo not settlement for the next of the subscriptions carried out. Erneuerungs-laufzeit
Free Probe-abos.
Free Probe-abos are only at the end of the probationary period free is closed.
Probe-abo you can a free during the trial period on the free at any time, allowing them to cancel my shopping any additional costs.
Select Datenabonnements on this side " " or ", " click " completely subscription ' and select " show details now free " for the choice of abo end trial.
Free testing for to launch their are necessary. payment information
Zahlungsinformationen if they indicate and our general terms and conditions, do you agree to accept that automatically after the free annual economic Myheritage testing on the abo conducts. paid
Owner 7 days before the final are a visa free testing e-mail information.
Rückerstattungsrichtlinien.
For Myheritage is the satisfaction and therefore gives it a valuable their clients. 30 days Geld-zurück-garantie
If you drive your purchased are not satisfied, you may develop abo full recovery if they request within 30 days from the customer service of subscriptions contact. purchase date
Geld-zurück-garantie Myheritage-abos (premium, shall apply for the data or not) and, Premiumplus- Komplett-abos for products such as shipped and Stammbaum-poster Myheritage Dna-kits.
All refunds are on the with which the purchase was carried out Original-kreditkarte, settled.
Please allow a reasonable time before the payment to you or your account is credited to comes.
Subscriptions are changes
Prices Myheritage may from time to time to be adjusted.
Current price can be found here: price list.
Depending on the country in which they live, fall on prices may still other taxes and customs duties.
Payment sends them after each an email containing details of the purchase and Myheritage. the amount of the invoice
5 renewal of subscriptions with Preissperre
Subscriptions with a purchased ") (" Preissperrgarantie, on the same period of Preissperrabonnements price at which they were originally bought.
Abonnementpreise changes have no effect on the Erneuerungspreis. preisgesperrter subscriptions
Preisgesperrtes subscription if they, they will have on the same price calculated as long as they always Verlängerungsdatum keep the subscription.
Preisgesperrtes unsubscribe from list if they, by extending it stopped and the end of permit can not be guaranteed that they, in future, at the same price once again able to buy.
Payment for Dna-services
Myheritage registered in if you have not, you will have to register if they Dna-test-kit Myheritage order.
Registration is free of charge.
They must have their keep to their Dna-ergebnisse and Login-daten. on the web access Dna-berichte
1 a
In case that it one of the following experiences, please contact us with contact details in the section " contact us " down and we'll send you a new to the address, free of charge at Ersatz-dna-test-kit our documents at the time of purchase.
The Dna-test-kit, your not within thirty (30) Versandziel days after purchase achieved.
The Dna-test-kit has not, within our lab thirty (30) days from the date on which they sent have achieved.
Dna-test-kit received. you have a damaged
Cancellations and refunds.
Dna-test-kits cancel the appointment of the if you before the dna sample in our lab comes, they are entitled to a refund.
To its recovery, you will have to cancel and advertising with us on the section " contact us " contact.
Drawback is the cost of, but not the customs duties, * * these Dna-test-kits. or tariffs
All refunds are to the original, with the purchase credit card refunded was made.
Please allow a reasonable period for the refund to your account.
Refunds Dna-test-kits, for we do not give already in our lab are processed or who are already processed.
Dna sample in our lab sent once a and is not part of the sign in full cost of Dna-test-kits refunded.
Note that scientific process sometimes from a variety of reasons, delay.
The Testzeiten can vary from and biological Laborvolumen vary. Probenqualität
Lieferdaten expected the results are therefore forecasts and no guarantee of delivery.
The laboratory may may not process and their sample can lead to mistakes. Laborprozess
If testing of its fails, we send them without additional dna sample costs a new, to give us a new to Dna-testkit dna sample may be available.
The Dna-testkit is sent to the address, which we at the time of purchase in our documents.
Even for the processing, our high standards, is a small part of the data during the unknown generated, are not open to interpretation or wrong Laborprozesses ("). " Laborfehler
As this possibility is known in advance, users have not entitled to reimbursement if they Laborfehler occur.
Price changes.
Prices Myheritage may from time to time be amended.
Haftungsausschlüsse, limitation of liability and compensation
Haftungsausschlüsse
A. by the law applicable to the greatest possible extent, allowed his senior executives, are Myheritage agents, representatives, employees, and in any case licensor partner false or inaccurate information in connection with the service, regardless of whether the of the users of the website, our members, or by a device or advertisers partners or programme in relation to or in the operation of the website or used services.
Myheritage shall not be liable for any effects of Dna-ergebnisse and / or, whether it is whether these Dna-berichte are right or wrong.
B. Myheritage and his and its related companies are not for licensor's behaviour, whether online or offline, of a member or other users of the website responsible.
By applicable law allowed, to the greatest possible extent, we are in any case, for any loss or damage, including lost data, injury or death, or the violation of privacy as a result of publication of information on the basis of any use of the website or the services, and as a result of information on the website or in the transfer of members or other users or by any interaction between or among the members or other users of the website, whether online or offline, responsible.
C. information products and services in the services and website contains inaccuracies or typographical errors. can
Changes content is constantly made.
D. Myheritage assumes no liability for errors, omissions, interruptions catches, unloading, delays in the operation or transfer, failures, failures of the communication, theft or unauthorised destruction or access to or the modification and communications users or members and is not for or technical problems, disorders or pipes,, or Computer-online-systemen telephone networks, software, servers providers, e-mail or computer equipment failure players due to technical problems on the internet or on a website or Datenstau or a combination of responsibility.
Myheritage and related companies are not injury or damage to, the users of the website, a computer hardware one member or another person related to or from the use of generation, also look at the website or download materials or play from the website or otherwise associated with the service responsible.
E. service and the website " as it is available as " and " " available and, unless otherwise prohibited by law, is any guarantee of any kind, explicitly Myheritage neither, including, but not explicitly or implicitly limited to marketability, for a particular purpose, titles and suitability and quality, or to Nichtverletzung satisfactory that the website at a specific time or place, will be available without interruption and with the assurance that any shortcomings or errors be corrected or that the service free of viruses or other harmful components.
We guarantee no specific results from the use of the service.
The service contains links to websites may by third parties not in our possession or not subject to our control.
We have no control over and accept no responsibility for the content, directives or practices of all websites. Drittlieferantenn
They present us explicitly from any liability from the use of websites of or resulting services free. Drittlieferantenn
We guarantee not support or market responsibility for a particular approach, resources, tests, doctors or other healthcare providers, medicines, medical devices or other methods or opinions, biologics, or any product or a service by a third party, on the service or a applied or offered following website or in a banner or in any other advertising appeared, or other information on the website may be mentioned.
We are in no way transactions between them and of products or services monitor. Drittlieferantenn
We and our assurances regarding the suitability, are not Drittlieferantenn reliability or the content of the accuracy made available to them. at some point.
Never we or our liable for direct, indirect, specific or Drittlieferanten other damage, including but not limited to, to loss of revenue for loss of data or other damage from, or any other treaty that damages shares, even if the possibility of rechtstheorie pointed out.
F. Myheritage may, however, is not a day to day commitment and look at to verify Dna-ergebnisse Dna-berichte, to remove or edit screenen
Limitation of liability
Myheritage under no circumstances will (or its them, or a third party to Drittlieferanten for indirect damage, exemplary, random, special or derived from the use or non-use, including Strafschäden des services or part of it, be held liable, although we of the possibility of being informed of such damage.
Regardless contrary provisions contained in the is our liability (or) one of them or a third party Drittlieferanten for every occasion always and regardless of the form of the action, at any time, if any, limited to the amount, the us during the period of membership for the service have paid.
We accept no liability for any (i), mistakes or errors of content; (ii) inaccuracies injuries and material damage, of whatever kind, resulting from the access and use of the service to visitors to unjustified; (iii) the use of our our host or server and / or any and all the information stored; (iv) suspension or termination of the transmission to or from service; (v) any mistakes, viruses, or the like, the trojans, or of the service may be transferred, and / or (vi) losses or damages of any kind, as a result of the use of the services, whether these on a guarantee contract, illicit act or another legal reason are based.
Haftungsbeschränkungen apply in full the above by the case law approved by applicable jurisdiction.
Jurisdictions exclusion as some states / or limiting liability for derived or it may be, not allow Nebenschäden that this limitation for it partially does not apply.
When with any part of this service, or with any of these conditions of use are not satisfied, there is their only tool and is to use this service AUSSCHLIESSLICHES terminated.
Compensation
You will agree, its subsidiaries, directors, staff Myheritage, representative, managers, and third, licensor subsidiaries the act on our behalf and their respective partners and staff representatives, executives, for loss, liability, be entitled to compensation and or claims, including appropriate, by a third party due to exempt lawyers ' fees or as a result of its use and access to the service, their agreement and / or a violation of these means of the violation of their above and / or information on the website or otherwise to us by the service to a third transmission or may arise.
Limitation in respect of the Dna-services
They agree that independently of statutes or a law (where applicable law permitted gegenteiligem) entitled or an action of or in connection with this section is within one or Dna-services (1) year after such a right or complaint must be lodged by or incurred forever is excluded.
Further Mitgliedsbedingungen
Registration and security.
A. Registrierungsprozesses provide, as part of your email address, her full name and you choose a password.
We need accurate, complete and current Registrierungsangaben provided.
Non-compliance this requirement is a violation of this agreement.
You understand that you do not (i) the name or email address another person intending to use this person spend; (ii) the name or email address a person other than themselves without authorisation use; (iii) a false or insert date; or (iv Geburtsjahr-) a name as a name or email address may use, which we in our judgment, as regard. anstössig
B. it shall at least 13 years old to be the service to use, except for the law of the country in which they live or from where they use the service are something else in mind (for further information please refer to the section " minor " below) users.
Registration and the register on the website is a confirmation that they serve on 13 years old.
Over 13 years, but they are under 18 years old, is required of them, a legal representative to provide one or Einwilligungserklärung to the service to use (for further information please refer to the section " minor " below).
C. for any use or activity on the website by your password responsible.
Transfer her to pursue other access to the website to allow is expressly prohibited and is a violation of this agreement.
Are committed to us with a post or via email on privacy and not of any suspect us @ myheritage.com granted use to inform their membership or any known or suspected breach in security.
Any fraudulent, abusive or otherwise illegal activity may, in our own discretion to end its membership, and reason you can be referred to appropriate. enforcement
2 changes to this agreement and the service
We reserve the right to our own discretion this agreement or the services at any time.
Changes to the services to be on the website announced.
If part of this agreement or an amendment to the agreement of the services is unacceptable for them that they are no longer or effect in accordance with the agreement are, you should use the service.
Now or after changes to this agreement continued use of services means that they have accepted the amendments and, through you are bound.
It is therefore important that they are currently available version from time to time review and to assure you that you are up to date and all the amendments are.
Whenever this agreement, the substantial changes is clear adjusted immediately after the link ", " which at the end of the agb sides of the service to these agreements, is indicated.
The marker to within 30 days or if they are called, removed. are conditions
Whatever comes first.
Minors users.
Dna-services except in relation to (see "'s " unit, Teilnahmeberechtigungen Dna-services "), we are calling for people at least 13 years old, before she can write. an account with Myheritage
In some jurisdictions, the Alterslimit higher.
Indication false information is always to the opening of an account an infringement of this agreement.
The same applies to registration of an account for children under 13 years by older parties.
Minderjähriges if your child (child under 13 years) an account with opened, you may show him Myheritage, such as the account can be deleted, giving himself with his account: " " from the menu settings of the Mitgliedskontos in the top right corner chooses and to " my account delete " button.
If we get an account, which is a minor child, to report, please send us an email and further detailed in privacy @ myheritage.com.
We'll be accounts of children under 13 years, the us is declared, delete.
In most jurisdictions where the service (except for) by a person a minimum age of Dna-services 13 years before they can open an account.
We are trying to uniform standards for a global service, are trying to create but also the local laws to be respected.
In accordance with the laws in spain, israel and south korea are we asking people who live there, a minimum age of 14 years before you open an account and the service can use (but not the dna services).
Should you in spain, israel and south korea, living child (child under 14 years old minderjähriges) an account with opened, you may show him Myheritage, as the account is deleted by himself with his account: " the settings of the " from the menu in the Mitgliedskonto Mitgliedskontos top right corner chooses and to " my account delete " button.
If we get an account in spain, israel, which a living child is, or south korea minors to report, please send us an email with the details of privacy @ myheritage.com.
We'll be the account every child under 14 years from spain, israel and south korea, which delete. to do so
Young people.
Except Dna-services (see " in relation to, in the section " unit " Teilnahmeberechtigungen "), adolescents (persons can Dna-services under 18 years) the service use, provided that they are not a minor (see section " minors ' above) and provided they users get the agreement of the parents or guardians on the use of a service (" agreement ').
Youth can not use until they service agreement between 18 years.
In some countries, a legal service compulsory form to the parent / guardians indicate when Einwilligungserklärung a user, as a teenager in this service is to register or declare.
Einwilligungserklärung in is by one or guardians, the full name and your email address requires that you confirm is marked with a cross a parent or young people to be this agreement Erziehungsberechtigter and the data protection rules and the responsibility for this services to accept the use of services by the young people take.
Einwilligungserklärung appropriate form for this is the service can not be used until it is completed.
If the user is not young people, allows you to confirm this form and a correct input. year
When form to completed and was sent to, the Einwilligungserklärung service only the details of the document, but the specified details about Einwilligungserklärung the parents or guardians not weiterverwenden.
Disputes and applicable law
This agreement and any dispute the service shall be exclusively under the laws of the state of israel be governed, regardless of conflict of laws, and they agree that for legal proceedings on the implementation, performance and / or implementation of this agreement the exclusive jurisdiction in tel aviv, israel.
You will agree that the service is considered and will not be as passive to personal jurisdiction to develop either specifically or generally Myheritage, in countries other than israel.
Not probable case in that we did not succeed in a dispute with you to resolve after we have tried to do this, all informally claims in the individual capacity and not as each party raised as a member of the representative of a applicant or any alleged or a representative began Sammelklägergruppe procedure.
You will agree that by in this agreement received each of them and we give up the right in a class-action lawsuit participate.
The whole agreement
This agreement, which together with the data protection directive, the dna (the ") and " Einwilligungserklärung notices or other legal Einwilligungserklärung published on the website of Myheritage provisions (if applicable), is the whole agreement between them and on the website and the service. Myheritage
Our Nichtdurchsetzung of a right or a provision of this agreement and / or the absence of this right shall not be considered Einwilligungserklärung or the determination.
The Abschnittsüberschriften in this agreement serve only to clarity and have no legal or contractual effect.
This agreement and / or are fully legally permitted. Einwilligungserklärung
Vereinbarungund / or if any provision in these illegal or unenforceable be invalid Einwilligungserklärung, this provision shall apply from this agreement and / or the separated and the validity and enforceability as Einwilligungserklärung the other provisions should remain unaffected.
This agreement and all rights granted licences in accordance with this agreement, and can not be transferred or assigned to them, but we can fully allocated.
Attempted transfer or assignment in violation of this is null and void.
If we have a translation of the english version of this agreement, to provide in case of conflict the english version shall prevail.
Contact us
You can contact with us, if you consider or questions on this agreement, our website, the service or a related issue.
Write to the address below or visit our help.
Customer service
Myheritage ltd.
Po box 50, terminal, or yehuda, israel 6037606 park
Https: / / www.myheritage.com
