Oculus-nutzungsbedingungen
Last updated: 11 april 2022
These conditions apply to you, if you to access a Oculus-konto do Oculus-produkte.
If uses to your facebook account, read you the complementary access Oculus-produkte and by for Oculus-nutzungsbedingungen Facebook-nutzungsbedingungen use of your Oculus-produkten.
You do you agree that the in from its date of entry into force for your Store-nutzungsbedingungen purchases and from the store. downloads in
By adopting these conditions or use of our recognize, with a Oculus-produkte Oculus-konto that is a legally binding instrument, and you'll think so to the conditions set out in this to be bound.
Please read you this completely. conditions
If you agree, then not with these conditions do not seize me on our or to Oculus-produkte
Use them.
These conditions include conditions that important you and your use of concern, among other things, if you Oculus-produkte not opposed have a provision for binding arbitration for disputes (except for certain specifically mentioned claims in relation to the intellectual property rights and) and in the absence of certain rights BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN as regards or GESCHWORENENVERFAHREN
Redress.
You please read the section " settlement of disputes " (section 19) completely.
Additionally, certain conditions for users residing outside the united states.
Will you please, in order to examine, by section 27 whether these conditions to apply to you.
You BESTÄTIGST for you to the law of your residence or, if you are legally under a aged 13 years (or
14 if you live in south korea) and the age limit for legal, that you have came of age under supervision of your parent's or guardians uses Oculus-produkte, agrees to the conditions of use to be bound.
Make sure you get along with your parents or guardians of these conditions, so that you all read both your rights and obligations understands.
Facebook facebook (", " " we, " " us " or " our / e / em / en / he / it "), hardware and software for virtual, mixed and augmented reality (" ") and operates a platform xr in, under the brand on the content, users download interact and content and services related to send our (described in section 1 can obtain Xr-produkten specified, the " "). Oculus-produkte
When you have your residence in the european region have (as in https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com quest), means " facebook territories defined " the legal person meta. limited platforms
Residence elsewhere, when you have your facebook did means the legal person meta platforms inc.
These conditions (" ") shall apply to your purchase and conditions of use your to access and use of these. Oculus-produkte
These conditions change in any way the conditions that you possibly with any other arrangement for products, services, or other things facebook closing.
Oculus-produkte if you on behalf of a company uses, and your versicherst gewährleistest are authorised this on behalf of this company to adopt and that conditions of this company agrees to be accountable to us, if you or this company against the conditions of use).
We reserve the right to the conditions of use and by our sole discretion to change at any time, or to modify it.
Changes to these years, we should we'll on such conditions as changes properly informed, for example by means of a to the url you send message indicator and / or a hint about terms; Oculus-produkte
Administrative if we do, we can point out, by making the final update " at the beginning of this date " date. conditions
Oculus-produkte bestätigst through your further exploitation of your adoption of the amended conditions.
You must, you must not accept your conditions of use as use of stopped and your delete account (Oculus-produkte https: / / / / privacy). my secure.oculus.com
We recommend you read through the terms of use from time to time, to ensure that the conditions for you understand your access to or use of force. for your Oculus-produkte
Oculus-produkte.
It is our mission, the people the opportunity to give, regardless of the physical distance. meaningful interactions
Mission forward to this, we are you the described below ready. Oculus-produkte
Oculus-produkte provide at this, we need your personal data so cover and use as our data protection directive; that is available in explained https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com quest privacy-policy-for-oculus-account-users.
Innovative equipment, content and systems we are ready.
We offer a wide variety of physical goods, software, websites and apps Plattformdiensten content, which you access to and the immersion in this and the Xr-welten receipt of services in connection with our products are possible.
Using the data available to us to get these products available and the improved. Xr-ökosystem
Personalisiertes experience we are you a ready.
Your Oculus-produkten is different from the experience with any other person.
Every user can of, for example, be entitled to thousands of individual Oculus-produkten content to see.
To personalize, for your experience we use the data available to us-for example, information on the connections which you selected you the selection and control and the things that you shared and do.
We support you for connecting to people and the experiences you care about.
We'll help you in the process of individuals, groups, and other events, which you are important experiences to from you used to find and you with them to Oculus-produkten.
Using the data available to us to you and other proposals-for example, to events and persons who you possibly besuchende as a friend in / add like.
By stronger links created better communities.
Therefore, we believe that our most when people with Oculus-produkte persons, groups and experiences associated interest you.
We give you the way you express and you about important things you exchange.
There are many ways to get in the express and with friends, girlfriends / Oculus-produkten family and others to communicate-for example, the sharing of photographs, building or participation in events or the addition of content to a or Multiplayer-erlebnissen virtual environment.
We have also developed new ways and explore them even further (), how people can use to technologies such as augmented reality and on the content to ausdrucksstärkere ansprechendere parts. Oculus-produkte
We'll help you, content, products and services to discover that you might be interested.
You tenders and other we are ready to help you marketing measures, content, products and services, to seek out by us and the many companies and organisations to our benefit. Oculus-produkte
We combat harmful conduct and protect and assist the member states.
People meaningful interactions can only if they feel safe.
We employ special teams and develop advanced technical systems to abuse our service harmful behavior toward others, violations of our conditions and directives and in which we may identify situations can contribute, to support and protect our Oculus-gemeinschaft.
Content if we know that our practices or abuse or against our conditions and directives Oculus-produkte rejected, we shall take appropriate measures, for example by content, the access to certain terms we suspend features an account or disable contact with law enforcement and enforcement authorities include.
Facebook-unternehmen we share information with other (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /), if we abuse or 111814505650678 harmful conduct by a person to the one of our Oculus-produkte uses.
We use and develop advanced technologies to operational services for all available.
We use and develop advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence and systems for machine learning-so that we all, which is a better service and Oculus-produkte higher-value can offer.
, For example, we use available information to develop models for you relevant content. "
Also develop other automated systems to improve our way we hazardous activities that abusive and our community and the integrity of our could damage, to identify and Oculus-produkte removed.
We explore new opportunities to improve our services.
We are taking part in research and work with other together to improve our. Oculus-produkte
A way in which we are doing this, is the analysis of the data available to us, in order to understand how people use. our Oculus-produkte
Seamless experiences we are consistent and prepared: you our products will help you this important people, groups, undertakings, organisations etc to find and to connect you with them.
We are making our systems so that your experience on the different from you used products (Facebook-unternehmen https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /), consistently and is seamlessly 195227921252400.
Help you, for example, some of our, you and your friends on facebook Oculus-produkte.
We allow a global access to our: so that we operate our global Oculus-produkte Oculus-produkte can, we must content and data in our computer centres around the world and systems, including that to save and distribute countries outside the country in which you live.
This infrastructure can technologies, llc, facebook technologies facebook ireland limited, inc., meta platforms or their related companies are limited meta platforms or by those operated.
Nutzungsberechtigung, registration and account.
The Oculus-produkte are only for users thought at least 13 years old (or, if you live 14 years in south korea).
Each registration for the use by persons under 13 or whose Oculus-produkte years (or 14 years, if you live in south korea) is not authorised, is carried out without licence and contrary to this usage conditions.
Versicherst gewährleistest that you and you (a) is not on the list of " specially designated nationals " (" ") of the us treasury (Sdn-liste Exportkontrollbehörde office of foreign assets control (OFAC) -, (b) led will not on the list of rejected persons or undertakings us doc or any other Us-exportkontrollliste, (c) no strike or other methods to use will Ip-proxying your place of residence to mask (d) the benefit will, if not in your Oculus-produkte country or laws prevent existing rights, you this in line with those conditions of use to do, and that (e) your right to use the previously suspended or terminated was not Oculus-produkte.
To certain functions of access to use them, or around Oculus-produkte to you for you will possibly an account registered.
By drawing up an account, do you agree (i) accurate, up-to-date and complete Kontoinformationen; (ii) the safety of your provide to preserve your password and all other persons not in password transfer risks of unauthorised access to your account to take; and (iii) us immediately at https: / / www.facebook.com / whitehat / to inform you in connection with the security breaches or thinking. Oculus-produkten feststellst
Devices, software, and updates.
Possibly for access to and use of certain devices and software Oculus-produkte required.
Possibly it is also necessary for us a part of the software that you on the automatic update, or you get Oculus-produkte new software must provide, in order to continue to function properly; this may Oculus-produkte including patches, fixes, improved features, and new versions are missing plugins.
Through the use of such automatic updates. but you Oculus-produkte
We reserve the right to our sole discretion and, as far as is technically feasible, your access to or your ability to use it to Oculus-produkte lock, if this in our view a health or Oculus-produkte safety risk or against our (also known as the community standards and against the Facebook-regeln Vr-verhaltenskodex agreements, laws, regulations or directives.
We accept no liability or, if we decide to responsibility such access to parts or all of the and your ability to exploit to Oculus-produkte remove to disable or delete it.
Your Oculus-produkte use of aims and content.
4.1 content and software license.
As otherwise agreed, the following applies: if we use of software content, or other material to the virtual objects belong to us, or we have licensed (" software and content, we provide you with a limited, not licence, for the non-exclusive unterlizenzierbare software and content exclusively for personal and non-commercial purposes, access to install them and to make use of your compliance provided conditions of use.
You software and content will not use, copying, adapt, modify,, cutting, decrypt dekompilieren rückentwickeln try to derive, derived works of source code of make do and receive, sell, rent transferred show, to publicly demonstrate publicly available, send or by any other way benefit, unless this is expressly allowed us or is under the applicable law allowed.
Any unauthorised use of is strictly forbidden, and leads to end Oculus-produkte in those conditions of use granted license.
Explicitly licences granted and you except the right will have no tacitly or otherwise licences or rights granted.
4.2 in runtime software.
Subject to these conditions of use, including the licence, can you set out in section 4.1 to in software (" runtime) runtime access to install and use. this
About your, your security and your fun with our to maximise may Gesamterlebnis Oculus-produkte of us approved and only runtime with software used the Hardware-geräten using the Oculus rift software development kit as specified in the licence agreement to in rift software development kit created.
Also, you may only the latest version of runtime used.
You recognize that copyright information, and that runtime you this not to any other natural or legal person may pass.
4.3 third party content.
Your use of the services provided by third parties, or content (" third " apps) on the content, may be made available to Oculus-produkte subject to additional Endbenutzer-vereinbarungen
If these agreements in conflict with the provisions in these are, they are priority. conditions conditions
Facebook be liable or access to the content concerning your third and their use in such third species content and content or functions.
Your right on this are exclusively through a licence between you and the supplier of such content provided. third
Never applies on the facebook as content than he who third licensor of any rights to use the content has given the third obligations regarding any content has assumed or any representation or third in terms of the content carried on third has made.
Oughta by your acquisition of content third submitted, the following no Endbenutzer-lizenzvereinbarung license for your use of such content third: (a), the third one third (and not content provides facebook) is the licensor for such content of third parties, (b) this third granted your only for your personal and non-industrial purposes, a limited, non-transferable licence to access to the content and use of the third, and (c) do the content third wholly or partially alter or cutting or derived works of which create dekompilieren or rights to the third content or in relation to this, unless you're unterlizenzieren expressly authorized by the third party or under the applicable law this is allowed.
If content providers third directives, we can goes against our third remove or deactivate content.
As under the applicable law allowed, we make no liability or responsibility for the removal of content or disable of third parties.
4.4 trial in access to products.
Testversionen we can free or other versions of limited, so that you have the Oculus-produkte Oculus-produkten offer before you can look buy the full version.
Versions limited functionality, can this permissible limit and other restrictions include. time of use
4.5 Oculus-produkten after purchase; availability of updates.
Some Oculus-produkte can for some or all of its functions on services provided by third parties need.
Such Oculus-produkte may not work properly or are completely if this third set their services to render.
4.6 support.
Facebook is for all questions settlement in connection with the purchase of and for the support concerning the Oculus-plattform Oculus-produkten responsible.
Facebook shall not be obliged to provide support for content, the third.
Please contact us for the Support-portal under https: / / support.oculus.com, if you need help.
4.7 availability.
The Oculus-produkte and not all territories and content may be available, and we can the jurisdictions of all or some use and content in certain territories and jurisdictions Oculus-produkte restrict or prohibit.
4.8 network costs.
Your service providers, you may fees for or any other charges from third in data services during your account use of may result and you take the Oculus-produkte responsibility for such charges.
The Rechnungszahler are if you don't, we assume that you have obtained permission from the Rechnungszahlers.
5 purchasing Oculus-produkten
5.1 in products from in purchasing.
Oculus-produkte do just for your personal use or buy, unless as a gift in these is explicitly otherwise permitted. conditions
Oculus-produkte Oculus of you must not for industrial use or for resale to acquire, although you can use to content, Oculus-produkte apps for the software or dissemination by facebook and our related companies are provided for, to develop and test.
An order if you quit or a purchase, it is necessary that you tätigst us information available to do, such as billing information and your address.
Versicherst gewährleistest you and that all such information is correct, and you will ensure that the information remains up to date.
We are not responsible and liable for incorrect information or for information, which later become obsolete.
We are also not obliged to efforts to take the correct contacting or to identify. consignment information
Oculus-produkte for most do you know your information in your Kontoeinstellungen management.
For Produktkäufe that do not yet have been dispatched, do you know your information at any time prior to dispatch at https: / / / history / update. shop.oculus.com
Bestellannahme we take until the (see below) no payments for. Produktkäufe
After you an order given up, you may get a communication from us in which we maintaining your appointment (" "). confirm Bestellbestätigung
Please note that the preservation of does not mean that your appointment Bestellbestätigung has been adopted.
Our adoption by making you confirm your appointment, send a communication confirmed that the goods were dispatched the appointment handled or, as appropriate. (Bestellannahme
The contract between us on the basis of comes when we made you Oculus-produkte. send the Bestellannahme
For any of us (or a transit or dates are provided by courier) is only estimates, and they do not. we guarantee
You purchased on the risk of loss of responsibility on insurance for physical goods and goods if provision of the goods on you.
None of that influence your legal rights, were physical conditions if they reject damaged or is faulty, if you get.
5.2 Pre-orders.
Oculus-produkts prior to the introduction of a new is it perhaps possible, pre-orders to give up.
The price of from you is the price you vorbestellten Oculus-produkts at the time called on which your Vorbestellung übermittelst.
Or taxes and this can contain. * * these
Vorbestellung does not guarantee the task of the extradition of an Oculus-produkts.
Vorbestellte Oculus-produkt for consignment or when the extradition is ready, we will contact you in order to give you your (if applicable, Kaufbestätigung and taxes). including:
Bestellannahme is the.
5.3 our right to reject your order.
We reserve the right to your appointment at any time before reject or to be rejected. Bestellannahme
In this case, we will try to contact.
Some reasons for a refusal include: (a) we are not in a position to you that to make available, for example because Oculus-produkt this article is no longer available or due to a mistake in the price at the point of sale; (b) you don't live in a country or a region of the on which can be bought; or (c Oculus-produkt) you're gonna have more than the maximum number of Oculus-produkten.
Already paid, if you will get the full amount, including any invoiced delivery costs) above.
5.4 your right to cancel or return physical goods.
You can give your order, were at any time prior to dispatch for physical Vorbestellung and cancel. Bestellannahme
After dispatch of the goods on you you have the right, within 30 days from the date of your receipt of the goods with you to withdraw our contract and the goods returned.
This right shall not apply to goods which have been used or whose return of us out.
Includes including any articles or products according to your instructions are changed or personalized.
Goods must be fully in the original package together with the corresponding Kaufnachweis, wearing the cost returned for the return of goods to us.
Returning if we say that the goods have been used or damaged parts that the missing or were not in a situation we can wiederverkaufsfähigen Rücknahmegebühr amounting to 15 % calculated or otherwise the amount for this damage, reduce your reimbursement use or to take account of the lack of parts.
For your appointment to cancel or your were returned, you have to us your decision to you by the instructions at https: / / support.oculus.com took
5.5 content transactions.
Oculus-produkte may you can on the buying digital content.
Can you also need extra or improved functions or in certain (together " buy Oculus-produkten content. purchases App-interne
Unless conditions of use are set out in these, we have no responsibility for any transactions that you with a third in terms of content or purchases, and we take App-interne third durchführst no liability in respect of content or third within App-interne purchases third content third galatasaray.
5.6 errors.
We try to be as precise as possible and errors in connection with our; however, we do not ensure Oculus-produkten exclude or do not guarantee that any descriptions of all right, complete, or price Oculus-produkten reliable, up-to-date and sound.
In case of an error we reserve the right to make such a mistake to eliminate and your appointment accordingly (including the calculation of the right price) or to cancel the appointment and you the amount charged to.
Preisfehler we or any other significant errors in relation to a state which has not sent or Oculus-produkt was betrayed, we will contact you, for you about this error to inform you and to allow the purchase price with the right to continue or to cancel your appointment.
Unless we are capable of using from you during the appointment contact with you and thus provided contact details we will appoint as cancelled them.
5.7 account.
You must be to some users may be a registered. to buy Oculus-produkte
You're responsible for all fees or costs related to your account is expected.
Find unpaid fees or costs legal, inter alia, by trying to keep your payment instrument with additional costs / fees to burden through the use of agencies, as well as other legal means.
When you decide to your account to terminate we reserve the right, subject to any restrictions under the applicable law, the prior to the termination charges or costs incurred increases collect.
All overdue or accounts shall be in balance backward before we allow you to register you again.
5.8 virtual items.
Your purchase of a virtual object or of in the, the payment for Spielwährung a limited, Oculus-produkten not licence on such content or abtretbare functions in the access and to use them. Oculus-produkten
Virtual objects (including figures and whose name) or in which you Spielwährungen bought or you there to Oculus-produkten are available, can only in conjunction with the used on which you Oculus-produkten or where they have received as a result of playing through you were developed.
These items are not redeemable or eligible and they can not for money or other valuables outside the Oculus-produkte are exchanged.
Virtual objects or we can modify or cease. at any time Spielwährung
5.9 pricing and payment.
We accept payment methods, including various credit and debit cards and paypal and payments on facebook payments.
May apply additional conditions of your Zahlungsanbieters.
By submit an order and you, that you to use Vorbestellung bestätigst specified are, and you are authorised payment method, your appointment on this payment method autorisierst account.
Your bereitstellst, if you have autorisierst payment information or), and the associated your payment Dritt-zahlungsabwickler information to process and saving.
Depending on where you are or where you sent or delivered the want can Oculus-produkte in a representative, a subsidiary or a related company (including facebook technologies for orders outside the ireland limited united states and canada) to implement the payment of the dispatch to.
Should you referred to can not be verified payment method invalid or otherwise can not be accepted, we can suspend or cancel your appointment.
You're to resolve any problems to which we responsible in the implementation of your appointment.
Prices without notice may be amended.
We reserve the right at any time, and as we can only reject orders or to cancel.
5.10 taxes.
If your purchase or your use of any kind of use or customs duties or vat Oculus-produkte or other government body collected taxes or fees (" "), is subject to taxes so we can you these taxes into account.
The payable taxes can be displayed. you at the checkout
You're in your use of the tax due responsibility. for all Oculus-produkte
5.11 cancellation of content; Rücksendungen.
All purchases of digital content are final unless something else is right hands required or in our (https: / / Rückerstattungsrichtlinien for Mobile-content / legal / /) and www.oculus.com mobile-content-refund-policy for Rift-content (https: / / / / /) rift-content-refund-policy www.oculus.com legal.
We recommend you purchased immediately, to install or to download content access.
You'll think so that the provision of digital content immediately after the conclusion of your purchase can take place and that you will recognize as a result, you may lose any legal rights concerning withdrawal and reimbursement of receipt of a's.
Under some laws, the exclusion or the absence of legal rights of law prohibits so that this waiving of legal rights under certain circumstances, not for you.
Shouldn't you be able to download content, to install or purchased on them access, on the us please contact under Support-portal https: / / support.oculus.com.
Maximum use.
By access to or their use wouldn't you agree, Oculus-produkte do not to do: (a) in a way to access and use Oculus-produkte other persons in mind interrupt adversely affect or would prevent the fully enjoy; this Oculus-produkte include, harassing and threatening, intolerant, libellous, vulgar, hateful, obscene or otherwise offensive behaviour or pornographic content; (b) the functions of the in some way to damage to Oculus-produkte to overload or may disable; (c) for illegal purposes or unjustified to access and to use or for this Oculus-produkte at you against these illegal activities and activities, the community standards, including the conditions of use) and the code of conduct or Facebook-regeln Vr- in connection with the against other conditions or contrary to directives provided Oculus-produkten contribute to support or to support; (d) the account of another user without its authorisation to use and is trying to do; (e) to modify, adapt to the Oculus-produkte picks
Nutzerinhalte.
Our Oculus-produkte can where interactive features and areas you content, items, publish, mail, upload, otherwise provide or send interact with them, including can texts, images, photos, video, sound, environments of virtual reality or features, software and other information and material, " "). (Nutzerinhalte
Unless otherwise agreed, we are no ownership of or in relation to this. your Nutzerinhalten
Content if you do, by us of intellectual property rights are protected, and we have made available to them on our (e.g. Oculus-produkte we provided pictures, designs, or voice, which you to of videos to drawn up or shared content), hinzufügst Oculus-produkten we keep all rights with regard to this content (but not as regards your content).
By Nutzerinhalte you on the available now, show us Oculus-produkte a global, not exclusive,, and fully transferable security (i.e. gebührenfreies unterlizenzierbares we can grant that right other) right, in connection with the products of such Nutzerinhalte Facebook-unternehmen (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /) (subject to satisfactory Privatsphäre-einstellungen 195227921252400 (https: / / / my / privacy /)) secure.oculus.com to use to copy, indicate to save, to publicly to list and spread.
This right shall expire when your Nutzerinhalte or unless your account löschst; your are shared with other and these Nutzerinhalte have the contents are not deleted.
You irrevocably but all acts or omissions by us or by us, which may be authorised persons (or equivalent) in your moral rights rights infringe. Nutzerinhalten
If Nutzerinhalte music include (but you our Musik-richtlinien https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com quest). music-terms
You alone are responsible for you on the Nutzerinhalte available to do, and you get Oculus-produkte and that (a) you gewährleistest either the sole rights holders in relation to all of you are provided or that you all rights, Nutzerinhalte licences, permits, and shares which have sought consents necessary to us the rights set out in this section; (b) the provision of your and our subsequent use of Nutzerinhalte Nutzerinhalte not the patents, copyrights, brand, or other property or moral rights, Geschäftsgeheimnis- intellectual property rights or publishing or any third injured, usurped or data protection rights against them; or to a breach any laws or regulations; and that is your (c) not against our (also known as the Community-standards Nutzerinhalte known as the directive on the Facebook-regeln behaviour in breach people.
We stand for not opinions, which views, advice or recommendations or sent a users posted or make us on board.
Facebook is not responsible for or on the Nutzerinhalte liable Oculus-produkte. available
Also we are not obliged to such content to check to edit or monitored.
We reserve the right, however, and it is in our sole discretion, and from any cause to remove Nutzerinhalte at any time to check or to deal with, inter alia, content, and the intellectual property rights violations or otherwise against these rejected. conditions of use
If you are a developer, at or in conjunction with the Nutzerinhalte clubs do you agree Oculus-produkten that our agreements with you as a priority in this section of the application developer. conditions
Datenrichtlinie.
Our data protection directive under https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com quest is available, sets out privacy-policy data, including how we deal with, as we shall use information and disclosure.
Additionally, certain third (such as developers of content and the third, mobile telephone or other producers of your computer equipment) information about your rise, if you use. the Oculus-produkte
This third have their own, the information collected about you and data protection directives, in accordance with these directives deal with.
We recommend you read through this before you third bereitstellst information data protection directives.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of the data protection directives third nor for to ensure that their data protection directives. third with
Additional provisions.
These conditions apply in addition to any other agreements that you with us or our horses, and related companies replacing or changing this not; this may, inter alia, in particular, certain conditions for our equipment, community standards Entwicklervereinbarungen (also known as the and Facebook-regeln competition, competitions or advertising Vr-verhaltenskodex conditions relating belong.
Physical buy from us if you were also there may be other conditions of sales or conditions of participation in promotional activities.
Your purchase and use of your content may third additional conditions, which include Endnutzer-vereinbarungen and are subject to third parties. data protection directives
We recommend you, the agreements and directives carefully before you at third read content, you or use third zugreifst herunterlädst.
You can also access to services from other products Facebook-unternehmen (https: / / www.facebook.com / help / /) and additional conditions be provided 195227921252400.
Assessments.
Assessments age we can for digital content, for and content, the show based on information provided by the developer of such content made available.
We can not guarantee that the evaluations for digital content will be always right and we can not promise that you won't some material as harmful, offensive, obscene or shady will feel.
Property and intellectual property.
Unless otherwise stated, are the property of facebook, our related companies Oculus-produkte or from our and by copyright and trademark law and other licensors rights protected us, and elsewhere.
Oculus-produkten attached or you won't on the evidence of copyright and trademark law annexed thereto, or other property rights, modify or remove Dienstleistungsmarken-.
Oculus Oculus rift, people,,,) of the rules, and that in touch in (" ") is Oculus-logo Oculus-marken brands or trade marks registered from facebook technologies, llc.
The Oculus-marken and its related companies, without the prior written approval (except when authorized by applicable Markenrichtlinien) wholly or partially, imitated or used copies.
All other marks, trademarks and service marks logos, any other marks or are the registered trade marks protected Eigentumsbezeichnungen their respective owners and must not without permission of the proprietor shall be used. such
Markenrichtlinien you get more information about our in our area for (Markenressourcen https: / / oculusbrand.com).
Feedback.
Separate and apart from questions, comments, suggestions can you Nutzerinhalten, ideas, plans, drawings, or's original notes or other information on us and our material (together) " feedback " submit Oculus-produkte.
You'll think so that facebook and its related companies the feedback without any obligation to you in any way you have chosen to exploit.
13 Exportgesetzen compliance with and rights of administration
Shut all the of the united states as well as any other competent governmental authority Exportkontrollgesetze, which include the u.s. export regulations,. " Export-gesetze administration
You will not directly or indirectly the export, re-export or downloading (a Oculus-produkte) in accordance with (including the us) Export-gesetzen Sanktionsprogramme natural or legal persons or countries banned; (b) to someone on the list, the persons or undertakings Sdn-liste of rejected or other is kept or (c) for Exportkontrolllisten in accordance with the purposes (inter alia dissemination of prohibited Export-gesetzen nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or development of missiles.
Also get to you and you that no Us-bundesbehörde your Exportrechte gewährleistest suspended, revoked or has rejected and that you are not on the led lamp. Sdn-liste
Oculus-produkte computer software, including all the technical data and documentation are " (being) items off-the-shelf Commercially-available as defined in § 2,101. we place the c.f.r. 48 for the by the u.s. government Endbenutzung Oculus-produkte solely in accordance with the following provisions ready: (a) the only as " " items being Oculus-produkte licensed, and (b) the us government has the same rights as all other end-users pursuant to these conditions of use.
This licence shall be issued in accordance with normal commercial (technical data) and far far 12,211 (software) and for transactions of 12.212 defense after (technical data-commercial items DFARS 252.227-7015) and rights in commercial computer software (DFARS 227.7202-3 or computer software documentation offered).
Us-regierungsbehörde additional rights when a, it must needs directly with facebook to find out whether the parties negotiate an acceptable amendment, in which case can negotiate these conditions of all the applicable contracts or agreements concluded to.
14 reports of intellectual property rights violations
In accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (dmca) and other existing legislation, we have a directive introduced after we accounts of users as apply, under present circumstances and to repeat offender our sole discretion may terminate.
We can in our sole discretion, also access to the limit or terminate such accounts Oculus-produkte users, the other intellectual property rights, regardless of whether they are hurt by repeated breaches or not.
If you feel that something in the or something on them to Oculus-produkten is provided, any copyright that you has control, or hurt you can a notification of such a breach in our following agent (agent: " designated submit
Designated agent
Meta platforms, inc.
In willow road
94025 menlo park, california, u.s.
+ 1 (650) 543 (phone) 4800
E-mail: @ oculus.com ip
Requirements proper notification you will find in 17 u.s.c. (c) (3) § 512 (at https: / / /: 512). # www.copyright.gov title17/92chap5.html
Knowingly if you are wrong in your notification that the material or activity rights violated, surely you are liable for all damage, including costs and the us or the alleged, lawyers ' fees the fact that we are on Schädiger such before left the supposedly material or the activity or remove harmful to disable access.
Hyperlinks.
You nicht-exklusives, is a limited right to for non-commercial purposes on our websites to create Text-hyperlinks
You must not, however, without our express written approval our logos or other copyrighted use to our graphics link websites.
Oculus-produkte links to the websites, apps can contain other services or third and you know that you through access to the left third, faced with content may be harmful, offensive will or by any other species are unreasonable. incorrect
You take note of and but that we do not for the availability and accuracy of such objects by this third or made available content, products or services responsible or are liable.
We support or control objects not and does not give such third representation or carried on of any kind in relation to such objects.
Objects if you and use you third zugreifst that should also be aware of the conditions and this third directives.
Be covered by disclaimers.
16.1 there are important health and safety information and instructions, which you have to read before you the uses; they are available here: Oculus-produkte https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com quest. through the use of health-and-safety-warnings and your Oculus-produkte VERSICHERST GEWÄHRLEISTEST these warnings and instructions have read and understood.
These warnings and instructions we can update or change; therefore, please check regularly.
Additional health and safety information and instructions of developers can in connection with certain third content.
GEWÄHRLEISTEST you get and that you before the use of all health and safety information and storage instructions Oculus-produkte read.
16.2 BESTÄTIGST you'll think so explicitly and that your access to and use only on your risk Oculus-produkte takes place.
Facebook between you and the highest possible extent, in what is legally permissible in Oculus-produkte state (" as ") and " is available as " (" ") as available provided.
Facebook closes all assurances, and explicitly conditions (explicitly or implicitly, guaranteeing, orally or in writing), including the market, its suitability for means of KONKLUDENTER a specific purpose and NICHTVERLETZUNG.
Also will not or facebook
Ensure that (a) in the contained functions are correct or your Oculus-produkten requirements, (b) the operation of the safe, continuously; sound or Oculus-produkte will be carried out, or that (c VIRENFREI) deficiencies Oculus-produkten remedies.
No facebook orally or in writing, directives or advice are made information. ensure
Of above, in the widest legally permitted amount. GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS
Laws do not allow the exclusion of certain member states or HOHEITSBEREICHE. KONKLUDENTER means
Therefore it may be that some or all the HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE in that section to apply to you.
Exemption.
You'll think so facebook and its related companies, independent contractors and service providers and each of its corresponding directors, senior executives, staff and representatives (together " the parties ') of any demands, facebook, costs, guarantees and expenditure claims third (they may include appropriate) and exempt and lawyers ' fees, the com munity to keep schad- by or in connection with the following results: (a) purchase your or your use or to use the impossibility of your; (b) Oculus-produkte your breach of those conditions or other conditions applicable, warnings or instructions of directives, or a third party in relation to the facebook to be made available, (c Oculus-produkten) your breach of applicable law / law or the rights of third parties, or (d) from you and from you allocated feedback. provided Nutzerinhalte
Limitation of liability.
Facebook-parteien accept no liability for the loss of profits or other derived, special, criminal, indirect or by your use or NEBENSCHÄDEN.
Oculus-produkte impossibility to use or
Shown in relation to this, even if the possibility of such damage in a Facebook-partei was informed.
In no case shall the total liability of that through the use of or Facebook-parteien.
The inability to use the or Oculus-produkte
In relation to this shows the higher amount of one hundred dollars ($ 100) or from you for the use of our Oculus-produkte amount paid exceeded.
The abovementioned exclusion of certain damage, and the above limitation of liability under the applicable law shall apply in the highest possible allowable size.
The laws of certain member states or allow the exclusion or HOHEITSBEREICHE
The restriction of certain damage from.
Therefore can it be that may be some or all the above exclusions and restrictions are to apply to you.
Regardless contrary in these rules, our liability for fraud or death conditions which through our or injury is no statements in this by negligence or limited, and none of these conditions excluded rules intends to your legal rights to affect. not AUSSCHLIESSBAREN
Settlement of disputes.
Please read the following section you carefully, because it requires that you for all the disputes with facebook (except for certain demands in relation to intellectual property and binding arbitration (waiving) BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN). GESCHWORENENVERFAHREN UNTERWIRFST
Also it limits the way in which you can appeal against facebook (no, insertion or SAMMELSCHIEDSVERFAHREN redress
Complaints or arbitration by representatives).
19.1 binding arbitration, disputes; Bagatellforderungen.
You vereinbarst with facebook, to your right to a or to the right to Geschworenenverfahren settlement of disputes before any court to give up and instead the use of binding arbitration (it uses a dispute to final and binding on finding one or more impartial person (s) referred to accept). however, under the condition that you have the right, disputes before a court for " small claims court (Bagatellforderungen in court to, if all requirements of the tribunal, including restrictions on the jurisdiction and Bagatellforderungen amount, are met. of streitgegenständlichen
You'll think so a dispute only by the court to bring it in for Bagatellforderungen san mateo county, california, when you are american) or in the country of your residence is located. "
Dispute " under this subpart 19 stands for each, each, any claim or dispute Klagegrund every dispute, the in any way by facebook in connection with these conditions of use, or the access to the subject-matter of the contract that conditions of use and the use of returns and connected with these Oculus-produkte, which include, inter alia, for contracts, illegal acts disputes, guarantees personal injuries rules or other regulations or equivalent legal grounds and disputes, where third involved (e.g. developers of content), except for third disputes, claims or in terms of conflict, pleas in law the intellectual property of facebook (such as trade marks, copyright and domain names, business secrets, Handelsaufmachungen / or royalties).
Facebook empowers the referee and you with the exclusive competence for the settlement of disputes in connection with the interpretation, validity or enforceability of such conditions of reaching this treaty or, including any dispute and any allegation that Schiedsfähigkeit all or part of these conditions is / are ineffective or void / countervailable.
19.2 no class, class actions or representative actions. Arbitrations
You facebook and agreed that any dispute you personally and that any dispute and facebook subject only by a should be settled and not, as Einzelschiedsverfahren Sammelschiedsverfahren or any other Verbandsverfahren is submitted. began
None of the parties is a or arbitration in which to Sammelschiedsverfahren a person a dispute as representatives of a person or other persons other channel.
Neither you nor to but agrees that a facebook as collectors or dispute may be submitted, either class action as part of an arbitration still outside such a, or on behalf of another person or other persons.
19.3 federal arbitration act.
You facebook and agrees that this international trade and that the conditions of paragraph 19, both substantive and enforceability to the greatest possible extent to the lawful procedurally for arbitration (federal) arbitration act Us-bundesgesetz 9 (1) (faa ff u.s.c.) to regulate, interpreted and can be applied.
19.4 confidentiality.
The referee, facebook, and you observes the confidentiality; this includes, inter alia, any procedure, but not limited to, all the information for the purposes of arbitration, manufactured and be presented or the collected in connection with the dispute concerned or disputes.
The referee has the power to take the appropriate decisions to guarantee confidentiality where legally otherwise.
19.5 process.
Our objective is, in a fair and quick to rules. claims
Accordingly do you agree that you in any dispute relating to whom you have contact with facebook, first facebook and try to claim to aufnimmst informal rules by sending a written notification of your (" communication) to claim put facebook.
Communication facebook is by registered mail to the following address to send: general counsel, willow road, menlo park, in 1601, ca. (a) the notification shall 94025 your name, your address and e-mail address and / or your cell number contain with your is linked; (b / Oculus-konto) the nature and basis of the claim (c) the specifically described and desired position. this
Facebook if you and within 30 days after receipt of such notification no agreement on the regulation of either party, can claim erzielst under this section 19 arbitration or initiate a claim in court level.
You facebook and agrees that any dispute within one year from the development of such entitlement must have been submitted or started; otherwise the dispute permanently has been committed.
Facebook if you and a dispute can not settle and your claims not to a court for, did you or did facebook Bagatellforderungen chasing after the dispute a binding arbitration immediately the office of the american arbitration association (" aaa ").
Aaa arbitration proceedings if not in a position, rejects or is it to carry out, would you agree and is facebook, one of you and jointly agreed arbitral tribunal or an arbitrator to facebook.
Can you even after appropriate efforts with facebook or a referee, some an arbitration panel shall designate the competent court or an arbitration panel or a aaa a referee.
Arbitration proceedings shall be in accordance with the rules in force at the time of the aaa (aaa consumer disputes verbraucherbezogene rules) (" ") Aaa-regelungen arbitration carried out.
The Aaa-regelungen and other information on the aaa and arbitration at http: / / are available or by telephone in may www.adr.org or by post at 120 broadway, 1-800-778-7879 floor 21, new york, ny 10271 request.
By enter this either (1) you conditions bestätigst that you have read and understood or 2 Aaa-regelungen) you renounce reading and as well as the claim that Aaa-regelungen the in any way are unjustified. Aaa-regelungen
You facebook and agrees that the arbitration rules and that the conditions of use these procedural changes, which are subject to existing Aaa-regelungen aaa from time to time may carry out.
Restriction by the faa and by this in accordance with the applicable conditions and has the sole power and the referee Aaa-regelungen jurisdiction, all procedural and substantive decisions relating to the dispute to take, but on condition that these powers not the power to implement a or class action includes Sammelschiedsverfahrens pursuant to these conditions of use (as indicated above is inadmissible).
The referee may only carry out a and must not, the claims of several Einzelschiedsverfahren persons nor to preside over summarise some form of or any procedure, on behalf of or Verbands- Sammelverfahren more persons or more persons on them.
Facebook has all charges and costs for the procedure, and the referee to pay aaa unless the referee notes that the arbitration was inappropriate for a purpose or vexatious was initiated.
Compensation occurred when the referee you whose value is higher than our final written, which we are faced with the choice of the Vergleichsangebot have made (or if we arbitrator before the election of the ball not, then we will have made) Vergleichsangebot you the amount of compensation paid or 5000, whichever amount usd pay is higher.
Also we pay your lawyer, if any, and the amount of any expenses incurred lawyers ' fees and to you (including and), you or the costs Sachverständigengebühren your lawyer for the study, preparation and reasonable demand in the arbitration have been created. your persecution
We can do without any right to compensation for lawyers ' fees and expenses incurred in connection with any not bullying between you and us to call for. arbitration
19.6 right to opt out.
This arbitration agreement you can.
If you can do this, neither you nor from the other demand on a facebook arbitration participate.
To contradict you've got to us within 30 days after the date on which you for the first time this provision to arbitration were subject to inform, in writing, and your name and your address and you for your (if you have used a Oculus-konto e-mail and indicate a clear statement that you attach this arbitration agreement like. with
Contradiction applications are at the following address to send: general counsel, willow rd., 1601, in
Menlo park, ca 94025.
Referee decides that if a court or restrictions in this section with regard to a particular claim to an appeal or a request for an appeal (such as a public) can be enforced, then not Unterlassungsanspruch is this right or the application (and only this right or request) by the arbitration segregation and before a court to negotiate.
Not widersprichst if you, this provision shall apply to the settlement of disputes in section 19 to end this, fort. conditions
The courts in some countries may you may not arbitration opinions.
If you in one of these countries are established, the legislation of your country.
Law.
20.1 the laws of the state of california, without taking into account its access to the conflict of laws, rules your and your. use this Oculus-produkte
Your access to and use of these may also Oculus-produkte your other local, state, national or international law.
20.2 provided that the provisions of section 19 do not apply, but you continue to that all the disputes, claims or the clashes, pleas in law under this result and not through informal negotiations conditions allow, before the rules exclusively for the northern district of california Us-bezirksgericht or a district court in san mateo county.
Also you, wouldn't you agree, for the purposes of the negotiations of any such claims of personal jurisdiction to subject such courts as far as this is permitted by law.
The courts in some countries shall apply to certain types of disputes may not allow you, or right to california jurisdiction in california to approve.
You in one of these countries are established, the laws of your country for such disputes in connection with the Oculus-produkten.
Especially if you are a consumer as well as constant domiciled in a member state of the european union have, the legislation of the member state for any claim or dispute between us Klagegegenstand from these conditions or from or in connection with returns, and Oculus-produkten on the right, or of any court in dispute can Klagegegenstand decided that the country for entitlement is responsible.
In all other cases do you recognise that the claim as described should be settled. in these conditions
21 amendments to the Oculus-produkten
We reserve the right at any time and without notice the or certain parts of this changing Oculus-produkte suspend to remove, or to stop access to these to be disabled.
In no case is for the removal of parts or facebook features of or for the deactivation of access to Oculus-produkte this effect.
22 end / termination
We reserve the right to your right to have access to the use of these to terminate or to Oculus-produkte if you against these conditions or other covered by this document conditions or directives is or otherwise a risk or a legal burden on us cause.
Severability.
If any provision in these conditions of use for illegal, ineffective or for any reason as unenforceable is considered, that determination shall apply as from independent and does not affect the conditions of use and effectiveness of the other provisions. enforceability
Transfer.
This do as part of this document and any conditions rights granted without the prior written consent of facebook not dismissed.
Any attempt to transfer without the agreement inoperative.
Previous restriction are subject to the conditions of use for ourselves and our respective these successors in title and fully legally binding, they encourage assignee and of them are enforceable.
No Rechtsverzicht.
Omits facebook, it on fulfilling any provision of this to pass or enforce them or conditions of use deinerseits any rights under the conditions of use or or appeal shall apply such a right to omission not as giving up or up to the right to enforce the provisions of the law or appeal or appeal to these / s in this or in any other case.
But remains the rule, right or remedy fully effective.
26 contacting us
Questions or concerns about this if you have conditions or our contact us via the please Oculus-produkte at https: / / support.oculus.com Support-portal or by e-mail to contact @ oculus.com.
27 special provisions for users outside the united states
Certain specific conditions, the only for german users, you find at https: / / / / / / legal store.facebook.com quest. please read you these conditions terms-applicable-to-germany carefully, if you have your currently residing in germany.
If your company based in the european union or the united kingdom, and on the content, the end users in the european published Oculus-plattform union or the united kingdom offered you drop in reference to the platform for companies that conditions complement more about your business relationship with us.
