Paypal
Paypal-nutzungsbedingungen
Through your account
This conditions of use for all users on 14 september 2020 are in force.
Welcome to paypal.
These conditions between themselves and paypal (europe) S.à r.l.
S.c.a. et cie, " (") on their use of their paypal and that our Paypal-kontos Paypal-dienste. " conditions
Apply only to residents of the federal republic of germany. for Paypal-konten
If you are a natural person, they must be at least 18 years old and fully to a treaty opening geschäftsfähig one and to use the complete if Paypal-kontos Paypal-dienste you're a company, the company must be registered in the federal republic of germany.
Paypal-dienste to be able to use, they must open up. a Paypal-konto
With the opening and use of a explain it: ', all Paypal-kontos elements of this compliance with conditions
They agree also agree to the following additional directives and each of the other agreements on which apply to it: Agb-seite comply with;;; " Gebührenseite privacy statement on account, purchase Nutzungsrichtlinien paypal; after 14 days (" plus payment payment after 14 days "); conditions for all future changes that alternative payment methods; as part of the reported and already at the site " Richtlinienaktualisierung agb " were published.
Please read carefully all conditions and all other directives and provisions of this agreement which apply to it.
They conditions and all of the above documents from time to time as required.
The revised version shall take effect as soon as they are published, unless otherwise indicated.
If our amendments their rights or limit the responsibilities increase, we will be a reference to the side with the on our websites and they Richtlinienaktualisierung within two months of information.
If our services to change this, explain to continue to use conditions agreed, these changes and to comply with to be bound.
If you do not agree with the amendments, will you close account before the changes to take effect.
Information on us and our service
Main business of paypal is the issuance of e-money and the provision of payment services, this money used.
For more information on us and our service, see to our service. key information
These conditions and any other legal provisions or information related to the use of our services are them at any time by the under the link " agb Paypal-website available.
We this information may also send to you.
Can copy of all legal publications (including this essential conditions and guidance on our services) with us demand.
You this in a format to provide that they save and retrieve (e.g. permanently by e-mail.
Open an account
Paypal-konten: we offer two types of private and commercial accounts.
Accounts
With a personal account can you money to friends and family and send request and online purchases for pay.
Holders certain existing accounts is that their accounts may be required (which they, where appropriate, further information hochstufen paypal must make available) to all currently available functions be able to use a personal account.
Paypal-konto for their primarily for sale to use, they must open or you into a personal account Geschäftskonto a convert. Geschäftskonto
Commercial accounts
Geschäftskonten are for people and organizations (whether or not), the corporation is primarily used by sales or for paypal online payments maintained. donations
For Geschäftskonten may by the fees for incur a charge accounts differ.
For more information see in our fees.
Geschäftskontos or with the opening of the conversion of a confirm us in Privatkontos Geschäftskonto that it primarily for business or commercial purposes.
Status as industrial unit
If activity on you certain thresholds or certain operating segments or Geschäftskonto activities, they are the subject of obliged to directly to our Verarbeitungspartnern a Kreditkartennetzwerken so that they can vote in favour of commercial entity agreement card payments can accept.
In this case, the commercial agreements for all payments made by paypal entity on its behalf in addition to the conditions of use manner.
Safe use of Paypal-kontos
You should take appropriate measures to prevent abuse of their. Paypal-kontos
They shall have an appropriate security and control over all equipment, objects, identity cards, personal identification numbers / passwords and ensure that they for access codes on it and the used. Paypal-konto Paypal-service
Read guide to our service. significant observations Paypals
Note and follow any instructions for safe handling of its payment instrument.
Them we can demand that they confirm their direction (i.e., give us the information that we need to ensure that the direction of them, such as their correct-this could you and your email address Login-daten) and, if not in your password be to us their direct payment to Paypal-konto log in to.
They must have their postal, e-mail address and other contact information in their Paypal-kontoprofil keep up to date.
Ratings grant certain third you can explicitly to take certain measures on their behalf and that rating take back and manage.
In some cases they can do so, if you logged in your account-in other cases are they can do in direct consultation with the third.
They agree that we in this case the third various information about your account may say.
Licensed third you can allow:
Kontoinformationsdienste offer to on their behalf regarding information on their account access
Confirm whether or not a for the implementation of a payment transaction amount necessary to its account kartenbasierten is available or
Zahlungsauslösungsdienste offer to payments from their account on their behalf.
Third when they authorise it accounts for access, it shall relieve did not of its responsibilities under the terms of use.
They shall be liable for the acts against us, to which they authorise the third.
They'll never be held liable and are free from any liability resulting from the acts or omissions of this third in relation to the ratings they have granted, subject to their entitlement. is mandatory
Close its Paypal-kontos
You can close your account at any time.
More Hilfe-center learn in of paypal.
We can close its account by making it up to two months in advance information.
Your account at any time, we can also close when this: we have rejected or otherwise usage conditions to close its account under these conditions it for three years, not on your account or; we have accessed the suspect that without their authorisation to its account was leaked.
Notify it in this case, on the closure of the account, and as far as possible on the reasons for the closure of their account and give them the opportunity to all unquestionable amounts abzubuchen.
If closed her account, ends our business relationship with them immediately, and to the extent and the conditions of use as long as we remain valid for the closure of their account and compliance with the applicable laws and regulations need, we can all outstanding transactions and you lose all cancel in connection with special balances, we can access to or Zahlungsvereinbarungen the use of our services, websites, software, systems (including all networks and servers to supply any service are used) by us or on our behalf operated, fully or partially suspend, limit or terminate, stay for all outstanding and prior to close its account, we can their obligations incurred responsible in our database to store Kontoinformationen our legal obligations and we can leave money after its closure, to the extent and for the time and that we need in order to reasonably us and / or third against the risk of, charges, fines, penalties and Rückbuchungen other liabilities of any kind.
After that period the undoubted money we forfeit abbuchen.
Please contact with us if you have questions about the money, which is to close to its account are.
Representative if you are a disabled or deceased do account holder contact with us.
If having a our services or all or part of a function, we shall set about it at least two months in advance, notify unless we are in good faith: that the service or the function used must be terminated if it is required by law or by a; or that the Drittanbieterbeziehung safety risk and an important economic or technical burden material could bring.
Adding and removing Zahlungsquellen
Existing tender on their account as ". " legally correct e-money
It is a recognised throughout the european economic area. Online-zahlungsmittel
Can source used to us to pay for electronic money to its account, or to obtain from their account to obtain (see transaction, in particular, put money or to pay their payment. and abbuchen
Paypal-konto credit cards, they can in their bank accounts and debit cards, prepaid cards, and add or remove. source Paypal-guthaben
Zahlungsquellen limit the availability of its we can for our to reduce risk.
Please keep the information concerning their always up to date (e.g. Zahlungsquellen as credit card number and expiry date).
If this information change, it can, using the information available to us, but that they do something third update.
If you do not want us to update their, you may feel in their Kartendaten ask for this to request card schemes or their source from your device. Paypal-konto
Source update their if we keep we settings preferred for this source in. Zahlungsquellen
You have the possibility, your credit card or bank account you to be confirmed.
We check the validity and whether it holders.
This can, for example, by a process do add " (in and confirm the (in) or Bankbestätigungsverfahren Kreditkartenzahlungen) perform. bank accounts
Leave their burden on their permanent Zahlungsquellen
By adding a source in her give us permission to the permanent Paypal-konto their source (subject to these conditions and conditions automatically of any mandate that the providers of these source to establish and maintain this authorization used) to the required value of the electronic money burden on:
In order to cover:
Of Zahlungsbetrags (plus all of us to be paid when they make use of its account transaction fee to a payment to a user to send, and
Sums us from the receipt of payments on debt, and our services
About the function ' put money into your account deposit " amounts.
Source burden we can once again when the previous attempt failed.
If you have permanent approval of its source terminate give us the value of the electronic money for which a already issued this debiting source pending.
Permission you can refuse using the source of their removal. Paypal-konto
Single euro payments area (sepa) is an initiative of the european commission and the european banks, the payments in the euro area more effective.
Users if they are based in germany and in place of residence or for the first time a bank account or a new bank account as at paypal register login, give a paypal Sepa-lastschriftmandat source.
Sepa-lastschriftmandat if you for the permanent authorisation used:
Can you the mandate and the (mrn) in profile of Mandatsreferenznummer with perfect clarity and the mandate for future Paypal-kontos terminate or change transactions
Paypal Zahlungsbestätigung is it along with the on the amount of and the timeframe in which tell Sepa-lastschriftzahlung recovered. the direct debit
For case due to the reversal of the original payment a paypal again, no additional (Sepa-lastschrift-zahlungsanforderung sends) information on the amount and the period before the new send indicated
Can profit from their bank at any time up to eight weeks from the date on which the bank was a repayment by their Sepa-lastschriftzahlung demand.
Rückbuchungen risk of for their source
If we receive a payment of their source, we can the resulting in their memories, as long as we Reservekonto e-money reason to believe that a risk of reversal by the supplier of the source.
Because we do not have all the necessary information to give you the money from their payment in their available to, while a Paypal-guthaben such risk is a reversal.
Hold and use of Paypal-guthabens
They receive no interest on the money in your account.
Because the money to its account is european law prohibits the e-money and to pay interest on electronic money.
Also e-money is no deposit or constituted under luxembourg law, so that the installation of conseil des protection of investors or luxembourg managed et des Deposants Einlagensicherungs- can't protect them Anlegerabsicherungssysteme.
We can money on their own account within and between
The Paypal-guthaben and
The Reservekonto
At any time in accordance with those conditions of use and save extended.
Paypal-guthaben
Account contains the operational part of you, i.e. the balance of the money, Paypal-guthaben for the payments or payments available.
If our used to another payment service users to pay you lead to the money from their account for the consignee to transfer Paypal-guthaben.
You need a sufficient to provide the sum of their payments and Paypal-guthaben the, the us at the time of the transaction fee payment to cover debts.
Moreover, further requirements-see section send a payment below.
Paypal-guthaben if they did not have sufficient or have a preferred source is selected, you ask us also, on behalf of their respective source and recover money on you refer to Paypal-guthaben e-money payment can be carried out.
Abbuchen if you money they have to have a sufficient to perform the value of a debit Paypal-guthaben at the time the ppas. debit
Under put money or you can find out how you a abbuchen and how it can receive Paypal-guthaben abbuchen.
Paypal-guthaben negatively if you is, this is the net amount to us when the time comes debt.
Reservekonto
Kontoübersicht money in their, " " not considered " open ", " " or otherwise retained completed or limitations is characterised, the account, as part of their kept serves. Reservekonto
You can't in on the money saved access and use it. Reservekonto
Put money or abbuchen
Put money
To electronic money to get into your account, you can, subject to the conditions of use:
Payments into your account (we can accept them for charge any fees); or
E-money receive from us by giving us a corresponding figures.
E-money you can receive from us by:
Automatically their respective (s) source (s) used by the amount of payments to cover that we following its command to other users send (and those of them to us to be paid) or transaction fee
Manually account in the function " " use put money available to us to pay or instruct us their source of the electronic money to compromise.
Implementation us all payments of its source is in the supplier of the applicant legal responsibility of its source.
We have no influence over how long the payment to takes us.
Money abbuchen
Paypal-guthaben if you have a, you can have any amount, bringing it to their declared abbuchen and their transfer, as added source Paypal-konto from time to time is possible.
This may be your credit card or bank account you, depending on the country in which you Paypal-konto is registered.
If advise us any amount of, we will be subject to the conditions of use Paypal-guthabens abzubuchen:
E-money money that we in the convert to their source and can transfer specified
Bank instruct our own this money to their declared source refer.
We are trying to issues for the debiting by the end of next to send (" working day ' means on weekdays a day on which the banks in luxembourg are open to the public), if there is no further delays in relation to these exist. conditions
Once our bank has received, we have no payment order our control over how long the conclusion of the payment to you will take.
Here assume our bank, the providers and payment systems, to their Zahlungsquellen of suppliers, the responsibility for ensuring that needs the money to its stated source.
This may in the long run time impact until they receive. money
Abbuchen money you can:
Claim a legitimate bank account (if available):
A Standardüberweisung on it in your bank account (this function is Paypal-konto hinterlegtes sometimes referred to as " ') or bank transfer
A Sofortzahlung to the bank, with your account attached to it.
Perhaps we can allow the above on the bank account related debit card transaction be made
Mastercard- visa card or their (if available).
Transaction fees to fall for.
We share them with the fees in advance of keeping such debiting manner.
The source (e.g. card), on the bank account of the request must, in the original debiting of their account or any other source currency currency which supported. in germany for paypal transaction
If we agree otherwise, you can only in your account abbuchen Paypal-guthaben source currency.
To Paypal-guthaben in another currency, they must currency abzubuchen source currency they will have your account convert or at the time the debiting converted.
We use our exchange rate for the transaction.
This means that:
Them when they in a currency other than the original Paypal-guthaben source currency, a fee for your account abbuchen conversion into their original is calculated and source currency
Transaction them in to a source (e.g. on a bank account or card) currency other than the original source currency is a fee for the account of their conversion into the currency in which the source is calculated.
For them, our other users, loss, and in order to protect our commitments to and other legal provisions, can comply with anti-money laundering prevention, we have in certain situations, such as debit delay if we are to obtain confirmation that they have approved or when payments on their debiting a reversal (for example, have undergone Paypal-konto due to a conflict of a buyer, or Kreditkartenrückbuchung reversal).
Restricting for you when we carry out a payment or forfeited Paypal-konto your account or a related account in any currency is an outstanding amount, while a debiting of their outstanding, they have the debiting Paypal-konto again initiate as soon as the restriction or retention has been revoked or the outstanding amount is compensated for.
Transaction limits we can for their and you can set each see to your by Abbuchungslimit Paypal-konto log in.
Follow the steps which we say (if applicable) to you in your Kontoübersicht. lift Abbuchungslimit
Manage their money in different currencies
Account if you open, it will be for the use with the source currency. your account configured
Source currency your account is the euro (eur).
Your account we can so that they (for storing configure of money and for the transmission and receipt of payments in currencies other than the source currency can use. your account
Paypal-guthaben if they have, we can allow them it in another currency into.
Paypal-guthaben if you are not enough to the amount of a payment to cover the us in a particular currency to a currency conversion, we can by any in another currency in order to carry out Paypal-konto to cover the shortfall.
For sending payments in certain currencies it may restrictions are.
You can choose how you account payments in currencies which are not treated or to convert the original source currency. your account
If money in a currency other than that of their account, you will wish to receive source currency a balances in that currency or money create into another currency that they can deliver. by
Payments certain currencies can only be obtained by multiplying the money is converted into another currency holding them may.
Payment someone when they received no payment, and this in a currency Paypal-konto is carried out, for which your account is not configured the amount received at the time of payment automatically in a currency that they for their account configured converted.
Economic further information on section in money in different currencies. abbuchen
To a negative trade balance, we can offset the corresponding amount due with incoming and outgoing payments or in any other currencies existing balances exercise.
Negative balances in foreign currency we anticipate after 21 days automatically into euro (eur).
We can at its discretion in the level or number of conversions limits set.
They are responsible for all risks with the leadership in a connected. more currencies Paypal-konto
Do currencies not for, finally, or other activities using Umrechnungs-arbitrage Umrechnungsoptionen of profit on the basis of current exchange rates to achieve.
Corresponding transactions withheld or we can cancel.
We currency conversion
Convert currencies if we, it is we converted at the exchange rate for each currency conversion laid down.
Our exchange rate is a and Wechselkursgebühr Basiswechselkurs.
The Basiswechselkurs is regularly and adjusted by us on working days between 19:00 and 5 p.m. eastern standard time (est) in new york city (usa) of each based on current courses for Bankgeschäftstages continuously the relevant currency on international foreign exchange market was established.
The current exchange rate is in our Währungsrechner on our website published here.
Statements and request of Kontounterlagen
If their account, you can not limit their and download, turning to Paypal-kontoauszug in you log in. Paypal-konto
You agree, because we do not see their Paypal-kontoauszug online bank statements regular mail.
Important information about their payments they receive e-mail.
You Transaktionsverlauf is also updated and is available at any time, turning into your account log in.
Paypal-konto, they have also in their access to a downloadable report.
Therein all applicable fees and all other payments indicated, her in the period concerned were. on Paypal-konto
The report shall be updated and provided on their only if an activity has taken place or in the Paypal-konto period concerned fees there.
You permanently, such information may save, for example through a copy and replicate printing.
We reserve the right to charge a fee to them to provide additional information or to the summary and other information on Gebühen to provide in a different way, but we calculate them did not pay for data sets in connection with the claim of failure in their Paypal-konto in good faith be requested.
Fees
We calculate fees for our services according to the applicable for germany. Gebührenseite
Specified fees shall include all the taxes; it may, however, other applicable taxes or charges, not by us or paid.
Other costs such as telephone or for the use of Internetgebühren incurred, you have to wear paypal.
Our Paypal-konto fees from their abbuchen.
Our transactions related fees from the amounts that we pay before they pull out their money. Paypal-guthaben credited
We talk about the details of the amounts they receive, and our fees charged either by e-mail or in your in your account realise Transaktionsverlauf.
If them for their payment must pay a fee to us, we can tell if we get this fee provided. their issues
You can not amounts of fees or withdraw our exercise.
Additional fees we can, if they receive from us outside the conditions of additional services.
We share these charges if you them an additional benefit to take.
Traders when they are and our request, the phased umsatzbasierten Händlerkonditionen conditions for the reception of payments ' under the heading " Händlerkonditionen.
Make payments
General provisions for sending a payment
Their issues
Us their grant the kind of issues which they make payment depend on:
If you pay to buy or make a donation, allows many sellers or to us their via a dedicated collector payment instruction on their website available for actual cash receipts Paypal-integration,
Function you can send money " used if they are in it for a payment to log in Paypal-konto someone to send.
We can call upon you to confirm their payment instruction (i.e., give us the information that we need to ensure that the direction of them, such as their correct-this could you and your email address Login-daten) or in your password be to us their direct payment to Paypal-konto einzuloggen provided.
Instructions cancel
If you have submitted their it can not issues more, where it is not to cancel a payment instruction within the framework of is. Abbuchungsvereinbarung
How long does my payment?
Their payment to another user is from their account within the working days on which we their full debited payment instruction received.
Payment shall be made within two working days debited from their account, if we receive their full payment information:
One day, is not a working day or
At a working day after 4:00 german time.
We can get them on request to allow a certain later make their payment.
In this case, their payment on this later date debited from their account.
Other provisions in these can cause an extension of the above conditions deadlines.
Cases in which we can reject their payment
We stages their perhaps an incomplete and can the payment information payment refuse to:
You don't have enough money in their Paypal-guthaben
We reason to believe that do not have sufficient resources in their Zahlungsquellen Paypal-konto available to the payment to cover;
They have all the information at its available (e.g. sufficient issues details of the consignee,
Payment we indicated at the time of payment; or Sendelimit
We reason to believe that a banned in connection with your account activity has taken place or otherwise they rejected. against these conditions
If the payment is not accepted by the recipient,
If we allow them to a payment to someone to send a has the money, the transferee may Paypal-konto demand, by creating an open. Paypal-konto
Paypal-konto already if the recipient can he accept the money.
Money if the recipient does not accept or not opened and the money not within Paypal-konto 30 days following the date of dispatch for is money (including the charges they calculated) on you repaid. Paypal-konto
For information on what can happen if they are found at a repayment repayments on. your account
Sendelimits
Limits we can at their own discretion for the amount and the amount of the payments which they do.
Sendelimits you can all show, turning into their log in. Paypal-konto
Sendelimit for her to increase follow the steps that we inform you (e.g.). in its Kontoübersicht
Configure automatic from your account transaction
Delayed Verkäuferzahlungen
In certain cases (for example in purchases to it must be sent by the seller or updated and can be completed):
Allow the seller, their payment at a later stage and to
Give us the inspiration, the seller to pay automatically if the seller the payment requests.
That authorisation shall apply generally for up to 30 days, but can be longer remain valid.
Balances if they have, we can as the amount corresponding to the seller payment outstanding collects.
If their payment by us requires a conversion of directly at the time the exchange rate determined for the transaction (such as payment in section described currency conversion.
Their authorisation allows the seller, the amount of the payment to update before he the payment (by collects any modification to the purchase, taking into account they agree with the seller, as additional taxes, rebates.) or dispatch or Portogebühren
We are not obliged to review these changes.
Instead we have the authority, based on their authorisation after receiving the advice of the final amount of the payment abzubuchen seller.
Payments from Abbuchungsvereinbarungen
Abbuchungsvereinbarung with a you can payments to recipients manage. the same / den-
Abbuchungsvereinbarung go if you have:
They authorize the addresses referred to, as the consignee payments from their account and to
Show us to the addresses referred to (or other recipients of the above (s) authorised to pay if the recipient) recipients on us their payment.
This makes the recipients to a " trusted " all their payments under this beneficiaries, so that we do not ask Abbuchungsvereinbarung to authenticate (e. g.) or single payments to authorise einzuloggen before they are made.
Abbuchungsvereinbarung payments under the may at different levels and on different dates, shall be carried out.
We're just a payment service provider, so we can not know what they have agreed with the beneficiary or why the beneficiary has opted, their payment-and i hope they recover not expect of us.
We are not obliged to the amount of recipients us to settle under the submits to verify or to confirm Abbuchungsvereinbarung.
For payments, which has a be settled, we use various names Abbuchungsvereinbarung such as " payments ', ", " " Einzugsverfahren Abonnementzahlungen. " automatic transaction
Abbuchungsvereinbarung you can have your time with immediate effect if they terminate your account or by us. contact are logged in
If payments under this Abbuchungsvereinbarung before the end of next working days following the termination is to take place, we can communication following the payment. cancel their Abbuchungsvereinbarung
Abbuchungsvereinbarung cancel if you have, you can the recipient or money for goods or services debts they receive but not paid.
When we see that the currency conversion for a payment of a is necessary and we convert Abbuchungsvereinbarung amount of the payment, we use the exchange rate (including), who at the time of our Wechselkursgebühr payment.
The exchange rate for each payment transaction may vary.
Repayments on your account
Repayments may occur
May, should the recipient of its payment authorise:
He can reject its adoption right or
Decide payment to accept, and then our service to use to them at a later date a repayment on the entire amount or a component to send.
We write rejected payments and their good. repayments Paypal-konto
We write not gross payments within 30 days after the date on which the payment led your account, all right.
Such a repayment can we amount:
In Paypal-guthabens it for the currency of the initial payment have used (before any conversion into currency was received by the beneficiary,
Your account or in the source currency
In us dollars (by adding a balances in that currency set up if you have a zero balance have) umrechnen.
If sent for their initial payment is required of a conversion from the beneficiary received currency amount from returned as follows: converted
If the amount within a day of date of the original payment, we use the exchange rate for zurückgebucht, the transaction at the time the initial payment, in the original amount was valid received
Later than if the amount of the day after the date of the original payment, we use the exchange rate for zurückgebucht at the time of the transaction, the conversion of the applicable. Rückbuchungsbetrags
Otherwise provided in this section described agree that they are paying to for amounts Wechselkursgebühr as repayments or recovered, if they are rejected payments recovered amount in the manner described above umrechnen.
Conversion for the transaction can immediately and without notice to you be made.
Zurückgebuchten amount we can also automatically by her and the money sent to Paypal-konto abbuchen the initial payment used source zurückbuchen.
Transaction may also require a conversion, see section money abbuchen.
R
Isiken in maintaining repayments
Repayment may be lower than the original amount of the payment, for example:
Reimbursement sends them as the recipient of the lower than the original amount of the payment.
Because it is only a payment service provider are, we can not know in which repayment by the beneficiary or why they are entitled the beneficiary reimbursement in the amount of a specific amount has sent or
Due to exchange rate fluctuations.
We are not responsible for any losses resulting from the decision of the recipient by payment to refuse or where the repayment not due to reimburse mistake for us is (see section clarify) problems.
To pay their payment
Select a preferred source
Preferential source you can, if you choose your account are logged in.
Conditions is the preferred source as subject to that which they used for payment of Standardzahlungsquelle your account from operating.
Abbuchungsvereinbarungen payments for some of you may separate preferred set. Zahlungsquellen
Special Zahlungsvereinbarungen
Some payments may, by special with her be covered, such as related Paypal-konto Zahlungsvereinbarungen or dealer's assets, and other werbebezogene Zahlungsvereinbarungen transaktionsspezifisches gift vouchers.
Kontoübersicht Zahlungsvereinbarungen in their specific in their and may at any time for corresponding payments balances indicated (e. g. in certain traders) to be used.
Those amounts do not, are not part of their electronic money and can not for money or exchanged Paypal-guthabens paid you the amount in the electronic money only in spending and we offer your account for the purpose of execution of the payment with a special payment arrangements in accordance with the conditions for the use of this special separate payment arrangements to compromise.
Should their payment for which they have used a special payment arrangements are cancelled, the amount we will subsequently forfeited and (if not already expired should be special payment arrangements) again with the specific payment arrangements exercise.
Settle payments to them by their account from send
We receive payments from electronic money for your account from the following sources in the following order, send where available:
Special Zahlungsvereinbarungen (if any) for the transaction
Preferred source (if any) selected
Existing Paypal-guthaben
Sofortzahlung bank account (per) Bankmandat
Credit card
A bank account if you have added, we can source as providing the possibility of " payment after 14 days " offer, making them the burden of this bank account for a certain period can move.
This service is offered, if you, the conditions of use for the payment after 14 days.
Paypal-käuferschutz
If you hear from a seller, buy, they may be entitled to paypal accepted under the reimbursement to receive. Paypal-käuferschutzes
Paypal-käuferschutz entitled it to obtain a, where appropriate, reimbursement of the full purchase price referred to in article plus of them paid. original:
We are at their own discretion whether your request under the falls. Paypal-käuferschutz
This decision is first final, but you can appeal against this decision, where appropriate, with us over if you new or, at the time of the mandatory information not available, the original decision or if you feel that the decision is based on an error.
Important: sometimes you may need the article to the seller, or any other party return that we as part of the deal with their Käuferschutzantrags).
Paypal-käuferschutz justified it not in order to maintain the reimbursement of incurred by them Rücksendekosten.
The Paypal-käuferschutz can apply when in a transaction for the following problems:
Their article by a seller not received (" item ") or Not received
You have received, but the article is an article not what you ordered (" ") as described. Not Significantly
If you believe that you made about not from you was authorized transaction Paypal-konto, this is no case of; see liability for unauthorised Käuferschutz transactions and other errors.
Qr-code-transaktionen
Local dealer if it is in using a paypal for goods and services, can buy qr codes this purchase, be covered. Paypal-käuferschutz
Käuferschutzantrag " item Not received "
Paypal-käuferschutzes you have under the not entitled to a for a repayment if article received:
The article, or a collection on your behalf, personally get lead, even if you are in a seller use (excluding paypal shop they use for a qr code for goods and services) or paypal
A Zustellbeleg presented the seller.
If the vendor proves that it has delivered the goods on her address, we can decide in favour of the seller even if they claim that the product they have not received.
Käuferschutzantrag " Not Significantly as described "
An article is considered to be clearly not accordingly if description:
Article substantially from the description of the seller different
You an entirely different article received
The condition of article misrepresented.
Articles, for example, as " new ' described but was needed
Articles as authentic was promoted, but is not authentic (e.g. a fake),
Article substantial parts of the properties at lack or description of the item was not disclosed,
You bought a certain number of articles, but not all received
Articles during the transit is damaged,
Articles received, just as he was not beyond this not previously disclosed.
An article is not considered clearly not classified accordingly if description:
Deficiency article by the seller in his described Artikelbeschreibung correctly
Articles correctly described it, but after receiving not want to keep
Articles true was described, but not their expectations,
Articles; and as " used " minor scratch was described.
Paypal-käuferschutzes ineligible under the article and services
Payments under the following article and services are ineligible: Paypal-käuferschutzes
Purchase of land (including any form of housing),
Financial products or investment of any kind,
Enterprises (when they buy companies), or one of invest
Vehicles such as motor vehicles, motorcycles, motor caravans, aircraft and vessels, provided that it is not slight, such as bicycles or portable vehicles for recreational purposes, Hoverboards
Käuferschutzanträge clearly not described for articles that all or part of the individual or made, personally were picked up
Donations Crowdfunding- or, or payments in Crowdlending-plattformen
Article after Paypal-nutzungsrichtlinie prohibited
Articles personally not received or on its behalf or in the loading seller purchased picked up unless they are a qr code for goods and services to pay paypal have used
Industrial machinery used in production
Payments to administrative or on whose behalf, acting
As Geschenkkarten and prepaid cards, cash equivalents
Your or other gambling activities,
Personal payments
Paypal Payouts payments with or transactions not over it or Paypal-sammelzahlungen Paypal-konto carried out
For resale certain articles,
Payments related to gold (both in physical as well as exchange traded) form). exchange-traded
Transactions which are subject to Paypal-käuferschutz
For entitlement to, they must all Paypal-käuferschutz comply with:
A beanstandungsfreies, Paypal-konto
Article Paypal-konto pay the legitimate with her
First try to contact with him and seller directly to solve the problem before you under the Paypal-käuferschutzes over the side of a request for conflict resolution, Käuferschutz
Within the specified time all of us requested documents and other information),
Within 180 days after the date on which the payment sent, a conflict between " ' report and then our Online-konfliktlösungsverfahren conflict resolution followed
No reimbursement received or an alternative solution in connection with their purchases from another source have agreed.
Our Online-konfliktlösungsverfahren
Transaktionsbedingtes problem if you not directly with the seller can resolve, they need our method of conflict resolution on the page, to an application within conflict resolution consequences of submit. Paypal-käuferschutzes
You can also apply to be posts (below) step 2 Käuferschutz by us with a call and talk. agent
The steps they must obey, are described below, and when they can not carry out these steps your request be rejected:
Step 1: report a conflict within 180 days after the payment.
In this way, you can use the seller a direct conversation about your problem with the transaction with the solution to the conflict, start.
Conflict if you not directly with the seller can solve, move on to step 2. we keep all funds in connection with the transaction in the of the seller, until the conflict Paypal-konto dissolved or has been completed.
Step 2: the conflict escalate an application within 20 days following the notification Käuferschutz of conflict, if you and the seller will remain divided, or we conclude the conflict will automatically.
You can the conflict through a claim for reimbursement on the side conflicts escalate.
When because of not received a request for article, can we ask you, are Käuferschutz following the notification of the conflict at least seven days to wait before you the conflict escalate.
Step 3: they respond to the questions of paypal after submission of documents or other information after you conflict through you, the seller or by paypal on a request for. Käuferschutz as
We can show them the submission of evaluations from third, police protocols or other of us documents specified demand.
They must promptly as our correspondence with you is required, to these questions)
Step 4: are they meeting of timely if it a paypal Versandanforderung because of article submit substantially Käuferschutzantrag is not described.
We can require them to meet the article on their costs to the seller, or to a third (by paypal named) and a paypal return submit Lieferbeleg
Step 5: paypal at their own discretion shall take a final decision (including automatic completion of conflict or) on the above mentioned Käuferschutzanträgen requirements, other information provided during the Konfliktlösungsverfahrens or other information is based, which we in the circumstances to be relevant and appropriate framework.
Conflicts with us or on their Kreditkartenanbieter report
Paypal-konto if you for a transaction with her a credit or debit card used as source and the transaction are dissatisfied, they can the conflict regarding the transaction may with your report. Kreditkartenanbieter
Applicable Kreditkartenrückbuchung may be the rights to more comprehensive than the can under Paypal-käuferschutzes available.
If, for example, a transaction with her, you can, where appropriate, by appeal Kreditkartenanbieter amounts paid for them with which they recover article are not satisfied, even if they do not among the: Paypal-käuferschutz
You have to decide whether or not they a conflict within the framework of the conflict or pursue their at paypal Paypal-käuferschutzes Kreditkartenanbieter to report.
You can't both or a double reimbursement want.
In these cases we are their conflict with us. Käuferschutzantrag
This does not affect the. with your Konfliktlösungsverfahren Kreditkartenanbieter
Kreditkartenanbieter if your report, you can a conflict with us later report no conflict or a put. Käuferschutzantrag
Transaction if you have a decision and we at paypal reported cases against them you can later trying to conflict with their Kreditkartenanbieter reported.
If paypal only after expiry of the period of a final decision on its Käuferschutzantrag is Kreditkartenanbieters and they less than delay because of the full amount that you, would regain can we shall pay them recover Kreditkartenanbieter the rest of the lost (minus the amount you already by the seller or by). Kreditkartenanbieter back
Before moving to their use or a conflict at paypal report Kreditkartenanbieter, talk to the seller, to try to get your problem in accordance with the seller to solve. redemption terms
Receipt of payments
General provisions on reception of payments
We can all (with or without account) allow for your account. to make E-geld-zahlung
By integrating functions in their it paid without a Online-checkout allow on their deposit money Paypal-konto, vote any further Paypal-konto the function to the paypal Nutzungsbestimmungen them on the or (including pages for Braintree-website Paypal- developer and our side with the agb) available.
These also include the provisions for alternative Paypal-bedingungen payment methods.
The receipt of a payment to its account is not the entrance freely available money.
A notification that a payment to you was sent is only a receipt on their own account, of electronic money payment if you have accepted.
(Paypal) if you instead of the payee to the conversion of currency of an amount they have received, you need the purchasers of paypal the exchange rate and the applicable fees for the payment transaction information.
We accept no liability if you the buyer the exchange rate and the charges is not to say.
This may also criminal or civil consequences.
Each payment is being sent to you is in accordance with those conditions of use, a reversal, restriction, reserve or are subject to withholding Zahlungsprüfung.
Empfangslimits
Limits we can at their own discretion for the amount and the amount of the payments which they receive.
Follow the steps that we tell you or in their set out for their increase Kontoübersicht Empfangslimit.
Checkout paypal commerce on the new platform
Paypal commerce on the platform, you will find our new, checkout:
Our Checkout-paket special a buyer with or without a payment to your account can send Paypal-konto and
Our tool towards fraud prevention).
We can give you the complete or any parts thereof offer. Zahlungslösung
If given the new offer and they have for their use Zahlungslösung decide they vote in addition to those conditions of use the following conditions: for alternative, if you our Paypal-bedingungen payment methods for alternative function as part of the new payment methods and benefits for if Zahlungslösung Paypal-bedingungen: the use of the following Online-kartenzahlungen enlarged credit as part of the solution and checkout Debitkartenzahlungen bundles our tool towards fraud prevention.
Fees Paypal-bedingungen in and for alternative payment methods are laid down, shall not apply for Paypal-bedingungen Online-kartenzahlungen for the new Zahlungslösung.
Instead shall apply to the separate fees. our new Zahlungslösung
Premiums Surcharging) (rules
As traders do their customers for the use of bonuses, " or " no Paypal-dienste Servicegebühren higher in comparison to other * * these or any other charges payment methods measure.
Mark-ups calculation is a banned activity.
Presentation of paypal
Paypal source as they must on a par with other deal with at their sales points Zahlungsquellen.
In particular, their websites and mobile applications.
Include at least:
Logoplatzierung,
Logopositionierung within an outlet,
Treatment regarding conditions, conditions, restrictions and sequence fees, both in relation to other brands and in their outlets. Zahlungsquellen
In statements to their customers and communications do not constitute a source or incorrectly as Paypal-dienste preference compared to other Zahlungsquellen express Paypal-diensten
Taxes and reports
Be responsible for payments to determine whether they do or received, taxes, and they are incurred solely responsible for the relevant thanks, recover, to the competent authority to report and removed.
We do not take responsibility.
As falls on banking in the eu vat. no Paypal-dienstleistungen
Their Rückzahlungsrichtlinie and data protection principles
Rückzahlungs- Rückgaberichtlinie and they provide and a privacy statements published.
Instore-zahlungen and Qr-code-transaktionen
Paypal payments through if you in your shop (), they must accept their customers Instore before carrying out the transaction. the whole state Transaktionsbetrag
Do your customers only by the customer authorised amount calculated.
They must also the customer in accordance with applicable provisions a. " Transaktionsbeleg
Each operation needs to be complete and accurate description of the goods or services purchased is based.
A qr code when they used to, they must find Instore to receive payments qr code for goods and services (but they must not use this on its website benefit).
Käuferschutzanträgen in the case of in connection with it can require appropriate documentation Qr-code-transaktionen on the transfer or other evidence instruction Kaufgegenstandes
Marktplatzverkäufer
If Drittanbieter-anwendung it in a marketplace or through an on which it is possible to sell paypal, they must comply with all the rules for the the marketplace or Käuferschutzrichtlinie apply it on sales for Drittanbieter-anwendung operating this forum.
Such protection may require that they take certain measures and may be from the way of the processing of claims.
Certain we can allow them to authorize, to use its account market squares to amounts payable to the marketplace or a buyer of debt and applications in the conciliation procedure of the relevant operators. marketplace Käuferschutz
Grant such authorisation if you and the market place us on the requirement, they have informed us, all payments on the marketplace amounts due in connection with the respective claim are defined by the marketplace from their and in the marketplace or the Paypal-konto abzubuchen buyers to refer.
Their direction we can to pay a marketplace amounts due, if we believe, cancel that entitlement in their favour would have been decided if it as a request for with us had been filed. Käuferschutz
You can also withdraw, by giving us that instruction contact.
All directly to the marketplace submitted exclusively of the marketplace claims are subject to agb.
Paypal-verkäuferschutzes Käuferschutzanträge shall not apply to the conditions of their buyers to claim directly the marketplace.
Accept payments from Abbuchungsvereinbarungen
If we allow them by a payer through a payment to accept or if you have a Abbuchungsvereinbarung Zahlungsanforderung under this: Abbuchungsvereinbarung to
Guarantee us that their with the amounts notified, the payer account is debited (including changes of these amounts), agreed and the payer on the withdrawal and inform in advance
Agree payer that it at least four weeks in advance of the amount they tell when closing this amount has increased, so that the payer in view of the and the circumstances of the payment is not expect Ausgabenmusters that he was such a and that they amount paid to us for any payment under the terms of these conditions the refunds are liable.
Repayments and Rückbuchungen
Payment shall be made, it may occur if you repaid or. zurückgebucht
We can allow them the payer a repayment to send.
In certain circumstances, we can pay their chiefs, reversal
For more information, see the rest of this section.
Repayments
Alone (and not for) are: *
Its legal and contractual obligations in relation to the payer for any amounts returned to the payer and
Any difference between the costs which the payer for the initial payment should arise, and the value of the amount recovered (e.g. for the payer due to exchange rate fluctuations of the transaction) responsible unless the refund shall be due to an error of paypal (see section clarify) problems.
Where they function to business in their use reimbursement payments we keep it charges a Paypal-konto, provided that it is not a drawback is due to an error (see section resolve problems).
Gebühren-seite on our manual for more information on this.
Rückbuchungen
If you receive a payment in your account you owe us the full amount of the payment and shall be liable for any losses resulting from the processing of payment is expected.
This liability may our fees and fines (for example) to third parties (such as the payer and his Zahlungsquellenanbieter).
If our justice, the above amounts from their account as in the section to offset its liabilities described take a reversal.
Paypal-guthaben if you in a given currency is not sufficient to the us in that currency amount due to cover, we can to meet the a conversion from one in this Fehlbetrages Paypal-guthaben (for the other currency carry out will fall). fees to conversion
So if you can, for example, a seller amounts of payments can be deducted from their account after they sold goods or services supplied.
A reversal may occur if:
We the payer of an application for a claim due to the payer against them to Paypal-käuferschutz made
We payer or his (or both) compensate Zahlungsquellenanbieter because we by the payer or a right to his Zahlungsquellenanbieter as part of the amount of the payment of this Zahlungsquellenanbieter received. used Rückbuchungsverfahrens
For example:
If a credit card for payment to the payer has used them, the payer may a reversal (" ") by the Chargeback carry out Kreditkartenanbieter.
Kreditkartenanbieter Chargeback the shall decide on this.
Rückbuchungen see " further information on " in the section " Paypal-sicherheits-center Rückbuchungen avoid sale. " certainly
The Paypal-sicherheits-center they reach about the. Paypal-website
We calculate them if they come a fee received. Rückbuchungsantrag
A bank account for payment if the payer has used the payer or the bank may make. a Rücklastschrift
The amount requested is due to exchange rate fluctuations between the date of payment and the date of the original amount received lie. on Rücklastschrift
Their payer when we may have to compensate he claims that a problem with their payment is present (e.g., unauthorised or incorrect payment or an unexpected payment under a)-see the problems resolved. Abbuchungsvereinbarung
We have the reversal for other reasons as part of these measures, including the determination to carry out conditions which we can take, if you have prohibited activities participate.
Paypal-käuferschutzes impact of on seller
Our section as you should read and goods and services when they Paypal-käuferschutz to purchasers in countries other than their own with Paypal-konten sell, you should also with the in each of these countries be familiar, Käuferschutz there under these programmes to the rights of purchasers in these countries may have effects on you as a salesman.
Paypal-käuferschutz further information on the can be found in on our by the location of its buyer Agb-seite on top of the page and the corresponding realise. select Käuferschutzrichtlinie
When a country is one of their applications within the Paypal-käuferschutzes is rejected:
They lose the full purchase price of article plus. original:
In some cases, they receive the article is not back;
, Do not receive the repayment in connection with the Paypal-gebühren sale have paid
Will be if it is a received is due to an article Käuferschutzantrag clearly not, the article may not recover description corresponds to, or to be the rule and the cost of the return shall withdraw.
Must the buyer, when it comes to full repayment send a resulting from " not as described Käuferschutzantrag Significantly " and a fake article.
To receive the article might not get back.
Buyers Paypal-zahlungen if they for goods or services which they receive on ebay, you should sell Geld-zurück-garantie ebay read and understood.
To ebay, if they do not contradict the decisions of paypal under this programme in favour of its buyer ebay as a basis for a paid to you used. Zurückbuchung Paypal-zahlung
If the balances in their is not sufficient to the amount to Paypal-konto cover, we can:
You Paypal-konto with a show to enough money in your deduction is available, by the amount to Paypal-konto ceilings or
Paypal-konto in her a negative trade balance equal to the amount outstanding.
Paypal-verkäuferschutz
What fall under Verkäuferschutz?
A buyer if you sell something and later on the transaction, or challenged or Rückbuchungen Käuferschutzanträge, did you Kreditkartenrückbuchungen zurückgebucht after any entitlement to reimbursement. Paypal-verkäuferschutz
If that is the case, they are entitled to under the full purchase price. retain Paypal-verkäuferschutzes
There is no limit on the number of payments for which they may receive covering.
Over the side " " in her you will find details on the transaction, whether their transaction Paypal-konto the protection under this programme is.
The Paypal-verkäuferschutz can apply when a buyer to claims that:
Paypal-konto sent him from his money is not authorised or waste has benefited (as a " unauthorized transaction ' means) Käuferschutzantrag and unauthorized transaction in a environment has been hosted paypal or
He not received from you (as " article ') will not be given Käuferschutzantrag.
The Paypal-verkäuferschutz can also apply if a transaction based on a successful by a buyer, or if Kreditkartenrückbuchung zurückgebucht a payment by the bank of the buyer zurückgebucht bankfinanzierte.
Describes Paypal-verkäuferschutz the, as he to apply for them.
Should but also with the impact of the seller to be familiar. Paypal-käuferschutzes
Conditions
For entitlement to, to have all of the following basic conditions must Paypal-verkäuferschutz and any applicable additional requirements:
You Paypal-konto must be registered in germany,
Articles is a physical, be good, can be sent the material or it must be an intangible goods action that the additional requirements for intangible.
If for the payment referred to in article a paypal for goods or services is used, qr code can also article, which they themselves provide of its (in such cases, includes Verkäuferschutz appropriate evidence or other information, however, we require of them);
You must send to the article on the page " delivery address details on the transaction " for the transaction is included in their Paypal-konto
Article if they initially to the consignee on the sending of the delivery address side " " set out the details on the transaction but later article to another email address is transferred, they may not take. Paypal-verkäuferschutz
Therefore, we recommend no buyer, to enable them to use for traders valid dispatch and can present; Lieferbeleg
They satisfy the requirements of paypal after documents and other information in a timely manner, such as these in our descendants correspondence with them, either by e-mail or on the side " state. " conflicts
If within the date on the question of paypal after documents and other information, they may have no right to react, Verkäuferschutz
If sales to specifically to order goods produced is or vorbestellte, them within the time limit indicated in the tender is sent.
Otherwise we would recommend all articles within seven days of receipt of payment to dispatch;
Lieferbeleg; they shall provide a dispatch or
In Käuferschutzanträgen for unauthorised payment transactions must at the site " details on the transaction " as " ' or " partly entitled " marks; in on Käuferschutzanträgen justified in the case of articles must not received Paypal-verkäuferschutz payment as entitled "; marks
Payment they must as a single payment of a received (partial or repayments are Paypal-konto exclude; excluding " powered by " apply here, paypal instalment separate conditions).
We are at their sole discretion whether entitled to exists. Paypal-verkäuferschutz
These decision we based on the conditions laid down in the framework of this information and documents, as well as any other conflict resolution provided information that we consider relevant in each individual case.
Additional requirements for not article a
A buyer if a request is not due to an article, you must for the received in addition to the basic requirements the following condition Paypal-verkäuferschutz:
If Kreditkartenrückbuchung for a a buyer with the issuer, the payment transaction tabling kartenfinanzierte on the side " for the " entitled " as details on the transaction " be marked. Paypal-verkäuferschutz
Additional requirements for intellectual property
Sales intangible goods and services, the conditions must be, and the following additional requirements for entitlement to the to: Paypal-verkäuferschutz
Integrationsanforderungen:
Paypal Checkout-produkt if they have, they must the current integrated version of this product use if you payments directly through a website or a website for mobile optimized by
Must ensure that, when it checkout when they have to pass on paypal session data are integrated in third or if you have paypal integrated; native app
, According to their business model can there are other requirements for integration, which we will give, if necessary, in the notice;
You for the sale of digital goods (this condition shall not apply to Standardtransaktionsgebühren paid other intangible goods);
You did that article delivered and something for intangible goods. show Lieferbeleg
Create Lieferbelegen or Versandbelegen
Physical goods
In physical goods shall require the following:
Versandbeleg
Lieferbeleg
Online Versandunternehmens, or physical documents of a show:
The date of dispatch
An address for the recipient with the on the side " " is delivery address details on the transaction, or
An address for the recipient, which at least the place and the federal state of, the city and the country or the zip code (or an international equivalent).
Online Versandunternehmens, or physical documents of a show:
Delivery date and status " " to
An address for the recipient with the on the side " is " delivery address details on the transaction
An address for the recipient, which at least the place and the federal state of, the city and the country or the zip code (or an international equivalent).
Important: their choice by that offered's liability can affect a large Versandoptionen whether they can fulfil the requirements on the Lieferbelegs.
Put especially in international shipment of goods ensure that you the status of " " on the carrier to right address, because otherwise, can provide their application for may reject. Verkäuferschutz
Intangible
For intangible goods, the following conditions for a Lieferbeleg:
Qr-code-transaktionen
For Qr-code-transaktionen, the following conditions for the dispatch or Lieferbeleg:
For intangible or digital goods means a compelling proof of delivery or the Lieferbeleg performance of the contract.
Such might for instance a documentary evidence of the date of dispatch and the dispatch with electronic or ip address of the consignee or any other Email- Empfangsnachweis or proof of the by the recipient access.
For Qr-code-transaktionen of them we can access the recipient appropriate documentation product or any other information or documents demand.
Ineligible articles and transactions
Their sale is not covered by the if: Paypal-verkäuferschutz
The buyer (either us or his claims, that article Kreditkartenanbieter you sent have not that was what was commissioned (" Significantly "), not as described
To an article in which paypal is at their own discretion states that it is a fake article,
An article about the you personally to also in connection with a in their physical payments, provided that the customer to shop payment is not a qr code for goods and services used paypal,
About sales is not with the buyer, nor by a payment in Paypal-konto under a guest to be performed. Paypal-transaktion
For example, if the sale of the product " purchase on behalf or advanced credit and debit card payments (paypal), expanded credit and Debitkartenzahlungen not covered by the Paypal-verkäuferschutz, if the
About cash equivalents (including), Geschenkkarten
A donation,
About buying a financial instrument or any investment,
A payment is through a personal payment was sent,
A payment is or has been done, with Paypal-payouts Sammelzahlungen
The article to a vehicle, such as a motor vehicle, motorcycle, air or boat, winnebago
To payments in respect of gold (whether in physical or exchange-traded. form)
Individual Händlerkonditionen (merchant rate
Händlerkonditionen individual are subject to the conditions for eligibility for use, its application and our support.
Applications case by case we can examine, inter alia, the following criteria: monthly average sales volume and create an account. Warenkorbgröße beanstandungsfreies
Volumenbasierte Händlerkonditionen for entitlement to, you must to obtain and maintain account:
Always beanstandungsfrei and not under investigation and
In hence at least equal to the preceding calendar month: a basic amount of the (in the original stage 1) from commercial transactions have. Kontowährung
Your account we can rebound at any time if: the Standardkonditionen herunterstufen
The above mentioned conditions are not fulfilled,
Open Kreditkartenrückbuchungen; or
It against the rules to surcharges rejected.
Account herunterstufen if we, they must once again with us. request Händlerkonditionen
You can do this in your account on the. special Online-antragsformular
Your request is rejected, they can after 30 days a further request.
The Händlerkonditionen shall not apply to commercial transactions on received, in accordance with the functions for provided. Paypal-bedingungen Online-kartenzahlungen
Prohibited activities and withdrawals
Prohibited activities
In connection with the use of our website, their, or in their Paypal-kontos Paypal-dienste interaction with paypal, other or third do not: Paypal-nutzern
These conditions, the of paypal, the commercial entity Nutzungsrichtlinien agreements (when they apply to you) or any other agreement between them and us hurt
Laws, regulations or provisions (e.g., the financial services, consumer protection, competition law, discrimination or misleading advertising) by regulate
Copyright, patents, trademarks,, other property or personal rights of paypal Handelsgeheimnisse or third hurt
Selling counterfeit goods
In obscene, unlawfully threatening or unlawful, ehrverletzender verleumderischer manner, belästigender
Wrong, inaccurate or misleading information available
Receive payments or send where valid assumption is that the money from fraudulent or other activities, is prohibited
Cooperation on a study refuse or confirmation of their identity or any other Nichtbeibringen information you to us, to
Try during a battle a dip to operate by making money and the seller, the bank of paypal or the transaction received or to be obtained for the same Kreditkartenanbieter to
A Paypal-konto, causing the with another, which in turn is linked to a Paypal-konto described, is involved, the prohibited activities
Business or use of in a way, to the lead Paypal-dienste
Complaints
Questions buyer (either by us or a tabled), payments to them for Kreditkartenanbieter invalid to explain
Fees fines, penalties or other guarantees or losses to paypal, other, third parties or lead them; Paypal-kunden
You Paypal-konto or in a way which benefits Paypal-dienste paypal, visa, mastercard, american express, discover or a bank as abuse of the or may be considered Rücklastschriftverfahrens Kreditkartensystems or as a breach of the rules of Kreditkartengesellschaft,
Allow Paypal-konto you has a negative balance
A Barvorschuss to themselves from their credit card (or other), provide help here
Paypal-dienste from one country to the access not on our list of approved countries,
Measures which inappropriate or disproportionate burden on our websites, software, systems (including networks and server, to provide are used), which cause Paypal-diensten us or on our behalf, or to be operated Paypal-dienste
Viruses malware, trojans, worms, or other, which seeks to promote Computerprogrammierroutinen to damage, to disrupt, to abuse to damage to affect deliberately, to expropriate or unauthorised access to intercept systems, data, information or to obtain Paypal-dienste
Anonymous Proxys use and any other appliances or automatic, spider, bots manual procedures for monitoring or duplication, our website without our prior written consent; or equipment or software used by our Robots-exclusion-header to circumvent Programmabläufe,
Our websites, software, systems (including all networks and for the provision of servers used), which of us Paypal-diensten or on our behalf operated all or their use by other users Paypal-services affect or try to disrupt or affect or mind
Actions run, with the consequence that our internet service provider, or other suppliers their services to us Zahlungsbearbeiter not provide
The Paypal-dienste to use to test Kreditkartenverhalten
Paypal-richtlinien or decisions on you as temporary or permanent withdrawals, lock Paypal-konto or restrictions, including but not limited to deal, the following acts: trying to new or additional to open an account in if Paypal-konten minus or blocked or otherwise restricted is restricted; open new or additional information which is not their own with Paypal-konten (e.g. name, address, e-mail address, etc.), or the use of another Paypal-konto
Our staff representative or other users bother or threatening,
Our Online-konfliktlösungsverfahren abuse (as a buyer or seller) or against our by Käuferschutzrichtlinie
Paypal-konto or their business for her an excessive number of cause in favour of the at paypal Käuferschutzanträgen applicant were decided,
Our service use if it is a high risk for us because of the evaluation of their creditworthiness is by credit bureaus
Data another user vis-à-vis third parties, or reveal or pass such data for marketing purposes unless the users make use of them has explicitly allows this,
Nasty e-mails (spam) to a users to send or to paypal for transit of payments to receive unsolicited e-mail or to help
Paypal-website content of (s) without written consent by us, or an appropriate third has to third parties, pass, replicate change revamp, or derivatives thereof public working up
Password to third parties or another user password used.
We are not responsible for losses caused by a plot arose. them attributable
This includes the use of their account by a third party, through the abuse of their to have
Measures or intervention (or attempt) the chiefs or refrain from proper operation of or activities, as part of the Paypal-diensten or otherwise are carried out in accordance with the Paypal-dienste disrupt this conditions
A personal payment for a commercial transaction or send request
Paypal through their use of the risk, in contradiction to Paypal-dienste our commitments to combat terrorist financing, and similar regulatory obligations are advised (Anti-geldwäsche- this also applies to the case that we can not verify their identity, or if you take the necessary steps to release their equipment for the reception, or not fully carry out transmission or in cases Abbuchungslimits where the execution of its operation to the risk of periodic penalty payments by european paypal, american or other authorities would open),
Paypal-dienste associated with offered use at the place at which the use is prohibited; this applies Paypal-dienste, especially for certain Online-glücksspielangebote.
If you are not sure whether a specific offer to the place where they are permitted, you have to examine the legality of the tender before use in connection with this offer, use Paypal-dienste
Paypal-dienste mount or use without the specifications of the appropriate or other directives that paypal uncommon Integrationsleitfadens issues, to follow
Their customers to " powered by " or similar paypal instalment offers from these apply, or to promote paypal describe: (1) without obtaining the necessary in advance; and official authorisation (2) the prior written approval of paypal,
Sicherheitsverletzung its website or a us cause to taste (or systems, there is a likelihood that legitimate determination) to an unauthorised disclosure of information about clients could lead.
Prohibited endanger the above activities safe access their or our customers, and the use of their account and other our services in general.
Measures we can take, if you have prohibited activities in
If we believe that they are involved in activities, we can banned a number of measures for the protection of paypal, our clients and other take such as: denounce this, their account and / or limit conditions close or freeze your account, immediately and without punishment for us, the future use of paypal prohibit them, their access to suspend, limit or terminate our websites, software, systems (including all networks and servers to supply any) that we used Paypal-dienste or on our behalf, their Paypal-konto or any of the operated Paypal-dienste at all times without liability, including the reduction of its possibilities, having any of the with their associated or paying money to Paypal-konto payment methods, limiting their capacity to send money to send or payments, you as long as it reasonably necessary balances forfeit to fight a liability risks.
This may include:
Paypal liability risks of their welfare in the payments in respect of the source was used as a credit card continues until the risk of Kreditkartenrückbuchung in favour of the buyer (as in the paid /) set no longer exists. Kreditkartenregelungen
This is based on different factors such as:
The nature of the goods or services for which they have received a payment, or
The length of time for the delivery of goods or the provision of the service for which they need the payment received (for example, the sale of months before the date of the event to Veranstaltungskarten a higher and more persistent than any of the sale of most other risk goods or services);
Our Haftungsrisiko in respect of any claim or dispute arising from a payment shows you receive can exist as long, the parties to the claim or the dispute and all with this claim or the dispute in accordance with the related remedies have concluded Paypal-käuferschutz
Our liability risks in connection with a possible insolvency of them is as long as applicable laws is blocked from claims by paypal and court to
As far as they allow their takes our is in minus Paypal-konto for as long as their liability risk account in minus is.
Lock Paypal-kontos of and / or deductions of balances on their (this applies without any restriction for more Reservekonto than 180 days,
The implementation of a particular payment reject.
On request, we share them the reality of the rejection, the reason and possible solutions if we do not legally, is prohibited.
Zurückbuchen payment,
They take legal action against
Disable their right to bought or (), with retroactive effect Verkäuferschutz
Prohibited disclosure of information on activities to third parties, in accordance with our privacy policy,
Request new or update that you have submitted incorrect information,
Information and documents to verify their person or a payment underlying product require of them or power
Nutzungsrichtlinien breach, if you against our be held liable for damage caused to us by their violation of this directive have been created.
Paypal-konto primarily for if you their business, their business or their profession and to the contrary: use Nutzungsrichtlinie
Assume against us, in addition to the above penalties for the damage by their breach of the is Nutzungsrichtlinie
2.500,00 declare that (or the equivalent in national currency over their): violation of the per Ansässigkeitslandes Nutzungsrichtlinie
A reasonable minimum amount for which we have actually incurred damage taking into account the particular circumstances and the us are reasonably expected damage are appropriate
With regard to the provision of on their behalf are reasonable and proportionate Paypal-dienste and
Necessary, but not more than sufficient to our legitimate interests to protect, and compliance with the Nutzungsrichtlinie
We such damage directly from their may deduct. Paypal-guthaben
Please see the section below on their liability.
Specify unless otherwise, do you not use when it suspended or Paypal-konto.
They must ensure that the agreements with sellers or third parties which led by third parties (including), which include payments from their account from Abbuchungsvereinbarungen catches have been taken immediately after the termination, suspension or closure of their account be cancelled.
Them liable even after a termination, suspension or closure of fees or other liabilities that through their use of Paypal-kontos emerge.
Withdrawals, restrictions and reserves
What withdrawals are, restrictions and reserves?
Paypal and on the protection of the security and integrity of the network of buyers and sellers, the benefits, we can measures at Paypal-dienste or taken. Konto- Transaktionsebene
Should we described here measures, it will normally inform.
But it is possible that, if there is reasonable or offered these measures without prior notice.
Information associated with, or request should reserve withholding Kontoeinschränkung you visit or the instructions in our message indicator conflict resolution consequences.
All conditions under this can on their funds retained may be paid and they undertake Reservekonto, all of us to provide information which we reasoned manner to the request. Risikoprüfung
Withdrawals
A transaction-level or withholding we can either carry out. Kontoebene
Zahlungsbetrag if we show, the money with a withholding the consignor or the consignee not available.
We check many factors, before we forfeit, as a payment balance, sector of activity, and general Transaktionsaktivität earlier Kundenstreitigkeiten customer satisfaction.
We keep payments when, inter alia, we have reason to believe that:
Is a transaction is associated with an increased risk of associated because goods or services to be sold, or because of a us more Hochrisikokategorie facts are known, typically to an increased number of complaints or conflict or other, Rückbuchungen such transactions often with illegal activities connected
The Verkaufsverhalten a sudden and abnormal changes has, including Paypal-kontoinhabers of an increase in the number of repayments or on this account and Rückbuchungen Käuferbeschwerden,
A Paypal-konto used for illicit activities
Unjustified Paypal-konto has been on a related to the access transaction was used or that stolen (or account) for the financial data Kreditkartendaten or was used a payment transaction was not duly authorised,
A user to fraudulent funds received to send or withdraw
A user not enough information made available to us to enable its identity, or that of his business to review or the user has only a limited Verkaufshistorie with paypal,
Payment they seller have received is contested and should be made void and zurückgebucht
You buyer entitled to repayment or a payment to, reversal Paypal-käuferschutz which they have received, and
The buyer a complaint under the dispute settlement procedure is, of the marketplace
A Rückbuchungsrisiko from their account to their source is
A Haftungsrisiko is examples of such risks are provided in section (measures we can take, if you have prohibited activities participate).
Zahlungsprüfung
Potentially risky if we identify, we'll check the transaction more transaction before we carry it out.
Do we have reason to suspect that the payer's in relation to activities prohibited Paypal-konto is used or other risks.
Existing liability that includes a (examples of such risks are provided in section measures we can take, if you have prohibited activities participate).
Zahlungsprüfung let at a:
The payment order of the buyer run
We think the payer's account immediately after the execution limit
Payment the payer's account corresponding
Payee tell the supply troops.
This may they have received the article delay.
Transaction if we conclude we tell him to the article and have seller to send.
Transaction if we not end, so we will repay the money, and cancel them unless we are legally obliged to take other measures.
Although was successfully completed can a payment Zahlungsprüfung yet for other reasons. in these conditions zurückgebucht
It may then, under the fall, when the conditions Paypal-verkäuferschutz are met.
Paypal will it by e-mail or " summary " in her wishes. Paypal-konto
A Zahlungsprüfung means that this payment will be examined only and is used to reduce the risk of that risky transactions received. Paypal-nutzer
A Zahlungsprüfung is the security of our clients and is not a negative assessment of the person or undertaking concerned.
Withdrawals in respect of their instructions
Certain Paypal-funktionen can you (or someone who is entitled to act on its behalf, such as one in which they act as a salesman Online-marktplatz) allow us to their money (including the revenue from payments they have received) on her to keep Reservekonto paypal.
In this case, we show them the these funds in their balances-the Verfügbarkeitsstatus may vary, depending on how Statusbeschreibungen us with the deduction to place.
Retained payment by the command we will they justified or a grant in accordance with those conditions we release.
Kontoeinschränkungen
Be restrictions on the protection of paypal, buyers and sellers if we made an increased financial risk prohibited activities or activity that we notice unusual or suspect.
Restrictions help us also to collect the necessary information to you to keep open. Paypal-konto
There may be various reasons why your is restricted, including when Paypal-konto grounds to believe that anyone: without their knowledge could have used Paypal-konto then we limit to protect them and see the fraudulent activity at someone, your credit card or bank account you without your permission has used, for example if you schemes or their pointed out, the bank's conditions or the injured or have broken their Verkaufsleistung Nutzungsrichtlinien indicates that a high risk. you Paypal-konto
Examples are: signs of a bad because it is an unusually high number Verkaufsleistung of and have received the sale Käuferschutzanträgen Rückbuchungen of an entirely new and expensive or if your typical quickly increase sales volume product-type, a is (liability risks such risks are provided in section examples of measures we can take, if you have prohibited activities participate).
Paypal-konto we can also be restricted to their applicable laws to be respected.
You must have problems with your account straightened out before a restriction can be lifted.
This is usually after us we provide requested information.
Still then we have reason to believe that there is a risk that we can take action, our users or third paypal before, charges, fines, penalties, Rückbuchungen legal or regulatory risks and any other liability.
Reserves
We can always a reserve on their form if we think are Paypal-konto that with you, your, your or your transactions a business model Paypal-konto high risk may be associated.
Reserve Paypal-konto if we are we on your part of their balance their whole or as unfit for payments available mark.
The aim is to prevent risk (about that they undo or invalidated) to transactions.
We decide on the formation of a reserve on the basis of internal and external factors.
This will include:
How long you work as entrepreneurs,
If their industry for a higher, Rückbuchungen
Their Transaktionsverlaufs at paypal and other operators,
Their personal and company, of credit
Their delivery times,
Above-average as a number of returns, or disputes. claims, Rückbuchungen
There are two types of reserves, which in its can be both can at the same time Paypal-konto shall be used:
With a " dynamic reserve provides for a percentage made you daily each operation.
This is scheduled at a later stage be released.
Their reserve may to 10 % and for a specified, for example, period of 90 days shall be retained, i.e. 10 % of the money that they receive is retained on day 1 and day 91; 10 % of the money released it on day 2 will receive up to day 92 retained the most used are dynamic reserves, etc.
A mindestreserve " " is a certain minimum holding of money that they must keep available at any time in your account.
Die mindestreserve wird either in advance or on the basis of dynamic single taken to reach the minimum reserves established Verkaufsprozentsätzen similar to a dynamic reserve.
If we reserve on their form is the money on their Paypal-konto transferred and considered " open " appropriate Reservekonto and we notify accordingly.
If we reserve due to a change in our risk assessment, we also older. they change
They are at their own expense take any further measures necessary to a reserve or some other form of security in one of us appropriate manner to form set.
The execution of all documents necessary and this may include the registration of all forms of documents which we need in order to reasonably any form of Sicherungsrechten to play.
Resolve problems
We recommend you therefore strongly, your account under regular review.
If there is a problem.
If you have reason to believe that there is a problem with your account or is our service follow them stages.
Step 1: take some time to identify the nature of the problem:
Unexpected payment of Abbuchungsvereinbarung
Abbuchungsvereinbarung closed if you have, but under this agreement from your account a payment to another was sent, in: Paypal-konto
The exact amount of the payment is incompatible with the recipient agreed in advance, and
The amount of the payment which was greater than you earlier payments and other circumstances as appropriate had expected.
Wrong payment
If any of its account to another transfer payment is not as you have indicated Paypal-konto was sent (e.g. false amount belatedly, or if you have such payment recipients) false have received.
Safety / Betrugsproblem
Unauthorised payment
Posed payment was not a from your account of them (or from someone who is authorised to make payments for them) approved.
Other type of safety / Betrugsproblem
If another exists, such as: safety or Betrugsproblem
An unauthorised access, it accounts for made
Password or their pin is into the wrong hands is
Device for which they have lost our services zugriffen, stolen or disabled.
Follow the instructions in the section what can i do for a security problem.
Under significant observations as soon as possible to our service before you get in touch with us.
Other type of problem
If there is one other problem with your account or our service, which was not mentioned above.
Way e.g. a form or on a deposit or a calculation error debiting of their did. Paypal-konto
If a purchase that they have not paid with paypal description to or the article have not received, may apply. Paypal-käuferschutz
Details are provided in section Paypal-käuferschutz.
Step 2: tell us the problem
Contact us as soon as possible to give us the problem described.
They must provide all the information that we can reasonably in relation to the circumstances of the problem and require all reasonable steps companies which are necessary in order to support us in our enquiry.
Orally tell us if you your problem it may be necessary, the problem within 10 working days in writing also be reported.
We give any information, which in these circumstances we consider relevant, in accordance with our data protection principles to third parties.
As help...
Rests conditions subject to this something we aim to the problem and work with them to investigate, within 60 days to solve.
Also, if you problem:
Abbuchungsvereinbarung unexpected payment of the, we shall, within 10 working days of notification:
You the amount of the payment reports or
To explain why we did not back.
A false payment to another, we will: Paypal-konto
Immediate efforts to obtain the payment to pursue and free of charge on the outcome of information
You as soon as possible, and in any case before the end of the working days after they have informed us about the problem), by providing it in the account compensate state in which it is put, if the payment would be wrong, as the consignor shall be indicated it.
That means:
False if the payment has led to that they receive less money, we will have your account, the difference may,
False if the payment has led to that they receive more money, we can have the amount in excess of their account; abbuchen
Their losses or damages directly caused by the wrong reasonably predictable payment on your account?
A unauthorised payment to another, we will your account Paypal-konto as quickly as possible and in any case before the end of the working days after they have informed us about the problem back), as it would have been set up if the payment never had taken place.
This may include payment of reimbursement.
If we do not compensate...
They are not entitled to financial compensation from us, and you owe us some of us already received compensation (which we may be from your account if: zurückbuchen
They won't give us any information reasonably in relation to the circumstances of the problem have requested (or us their problem for oral communication does not within 10 working days) in writing,
They do not all reasonable steps to assist in the analysis that we require
We can prove that they acted fraudulent
We can show that circumstances beyond our control, such as flooding or fire or failure of the internet) the problem caused, in spite of our reasonable precautions
We have reason to believe that it is no problem to a compensation justified or
In relation to the following specific problems:
Unexpected payment of Abbuchungsvereinbarung
Wrong payment
Unauthorised payment
They need more than eight weeks after the paid to us about the problem to inform; or
They agreed to your payment and data from us or you make the trader at least four weeks before the payment has been made available.
More than 13 months after the need payment to us informed of the matter; or
We can prove that they have given us the wrong; or payment details
We can demonstrate that the payment from the purchaser was sent, as laid down than we has called on; or payer
Fault insufficient without our balances on their was available to the payment of concluding Paypal-konto; or
We prove that our system was not working properly and the default when they knew the started transaction; or
Delay, they claim that the payment caused is due to the wrong that a withholding, a reduction or a paypal reserve under these conditions apply
More than 13 months after the need payment to us informed of the matter; or
We prove that the payment is received, because your account either deliberately or recklessly not sure led (for example, you have been very negligent decided to their and / or your password / Paypal-id pin to third parties); or
Another safety / gave us not informed and problem of fraud.
We'll pay you no compensation for unauthorised payments from their account before us informed of this problem.
Sometimes we recognize the problem first.
If we are to highlight a problem must, we do so in the rule of ", " on which they only my messages if they can access in your account are registered.
Urgently if you must act, we can also other communication channels such as email used.
If mistakenly a credit the bank or your credit card was, we can this mistake through by the relevant source corrected. Abbuchen
Complaints
Reporting problems between them and paypal regarding our services
Contact us to disputes between them, and about our services to report. *
If a dispute between them and us occurs, we know their concerns and take into account and, if we do not to your satisfaction can do a neutral and cost-efficient means to provide to the dispute quickly resolved.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of the appeal.
If the result of a complaint about our services after the Beschwerdeprozesses is to your satisfaction, you can not escalate, turning this to one of the following sources:
European consumer centre (ecc-net).
Ecc-net further information on the and on how they can make contact, find under (https: / / ec.europa.eu / info / live-work-travel-eu / consumers / / european-consumer-centres-network _ en) resolve-your-consumer-complaint.
Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (cssf).
The cssf is the authority responsible for the supervision of financial sector institutions (like us) in luxembourg is responsible.
Cssf 283 you can under route d ' arlon, luxembourg, luxembourg 1150 contact.
Kontaktmöglichkeiten and further information on the cssf can be found at http: / / www.cssf.lu.
Website online dispute resolution for the eu at https: / / ec.
Europe.
Eu / consumers / odr.
Other legal provisions
Communication between them and us
Contact
So can you contact:
Write us by mail to our headquarters (europe): paypal S.à r.l.
Et cie, S.c.a., legal, 22-24 boulevard royal, luxembourg, luxembourg or 2449
Call Kontakt-seite our, where they:
Hit send us an email " can click around us online to contact or
Our telephone number under " call us " show.
Legal communications concerning these, they must send to us by mail conditions.
Communications to you
You agree that we have communications or other information available to, by extending it to the (including information on the publish Paypal-websites by only in its account can not be log in, you by e-mail to the account in their send them to the e-mail address specified in their account specified, call you or send you an e-mail address. send sms message
You need a internet access to communications and information and a email account to our services to receive.
Except amendments to this usage conditions applicable within 24 hours of notifications following its publication on the (s) or via e-mail as Paypal-website served.
If the notification was sent out by mail, we regard it three working days after the shipment as guards.
We reserve the right to close her if you consent Paypal-konto to obtain electronic communications revoked.
Disclosure of the reasons for our measures
Our decision on withdrawals, restrictions, and all other reserves measures that we as part of this, regardless of whether they take conditions of their access to our services, infrastructure, websites, software or systems (including all networks and servers to supply our services are used) limit or extend regardless of whether they should help us in our name or operated (including but not limited to, all obstacles, restrictions, closures, redundancies, withdrawals and reserves) criteria for our confidential risk management and the protection of paypal, our clients or service providers are essential.
Proprietary fraud and we can use to with your risk models related to assess risk. Paypal-konto
We can also by regulation or an authority be prevented from certain information on such decisions to give you today.
We are not obliged to information to our risk management or security measures disclosed.
Our rights
Lien
Conditions guaranteeing fulfilment of these to give us the money in their legal right to as collateral for any amount the Paypal-konto you owe us.
This is legally as part as " in their known and over. Paypal-konto
Their liability
They shall be liable for all, claims, fees, Rücklastschriften Kreditkartenrückbuchungen fines, penalties and other damage of paypal, an or a third party by a Paypal-nutzer violation of these conditions or their use of arose. Paypal-diensten
Independent termination, suspension or closure of explain themselves with the reimbursement of paypal, a user or a third party liability for such an agreement.
Reimbursement for their liability
You agree that we all amounts to accounts of them are held or controlled, with fees or other amounts you owe us, and all the amounts they our related companies (e.g. services which can exercise debt from an associated company provided).
Simply means that our right to offset this fee or other amounts referred to in this section by a balance on one of them held or controlled can get Paypal-konto.
Balances if you covering their liability is not enough, we reserve the right to us when we recover amount owed the amount (or part thereof) in their Paypal-konto payments received off.
Amounts you owe us, we can also move using legal means, such as the involvement of a agencies.
Acquisition of rights
Paypal payment, if you have a recipient have done and will withdraw (either on their invalid initiative or otherwise), do you explain agree that paypal their rights against the beneficiary and third in connection with the payment takes and these rights at its discretion directly or on their behalf may exercise.
This assignment is legally as " " or " ' of their rights to the subrogation paypal recipients and third in connection with the payment).
No surrender
Should we failed in relation to a breach of their obligations under such by them to act, or other conditions means that any waiver of rights in respect of subsequent or similar injuries.
Information relating to them
Them we can request information where this is necessary in order for us reasonably in these conditions described, to reduce the risk of fraud and steps to carry out the regulatory provisions (including provisions on money laundering) thereof.
They are obliged to comply with relevant calls in a timely manner.
This may mean that they are at their own expense documents and information on their finance and business activities (such as the last annual accounts and) by fax, e-mail or Händler-kreditkartenabrechnungen otherwise available.
Exemption and limitation of liability
In this section and in the section on intellectual property, we use the name " paypal ' to us (paypal (europe) p à r.l.
S.c.a et cie,), our parent company holdings, inc., our trading partners paypal and anyone else who for us or she works or empowered to act on our behalf to refer.
Our companies, which are all related companies we control, of which we are controlled or with which we are under joint control. "
Anyone for us or our trading partners, is in our interest works or the power to act " includes, in particular, executives, directors, staff representatives, joint venture partners, service providers and suppliers.
Exemption
Paypal they must of acts related to her and they use the Paypal-dienste exempt Paypal-konto.
You agree, to defend and paypal to keep from any claims exempt value or claims (including appropriate) was the third Anwaltskosten arose due to:
Its violation of these conditions of use,
Its unauthorised use of, Paypal-dienste
Their breach of laws or rights of third parties or
By acts or omissions by third parties, which they authorise you to use on our websites, or Paypal-konto software, systems (including networks and to supply one of the server used) by Paypal-dienste access to us, or on our behalf or any of the in their name operated. Paypal-dienste
Limitation of liability
Liability paypal is in relation to their and their use of the limited. Paypal-konto Paypal-dienste
Where legally permitted in any case: paypal is direct or indirect losses or special, random damage or (including but not limited to collateral damage, damage to), arising from loss or loss of sales or in connection with our websites, software, systems (including all networks and for the provision of the server is used), those of us Paypal-dienste or on our behalf or any of the operated or of the same Paypal-dienste conditions (including negligence). if
Our liability them or to third parties is in all cases where legally admissible on the actual amount of direct damage (with the exception of direct earnings) limited.
Liable paypal also not, and they in legally permitted amount shall undertake the responsibility of paypal for damage or loss to take (including financial losses, or reputation, profits or other intangible value, indirect damage or losses or special), which are harmful effects directly or indirectly, for the following reasons: to their use of our websites, software, systems (including all servers to networks and providing) that we used Paypal-diensten or on our behalf or any of the operated or their inability this Paypal-dienste to use delays or interruptions of our websites, software, systems (including all servers to networks and providing) that we used Paypal-diensten or on our behalf and one of the operated Paypal-dienste viruses or other malignant software by access to our website, software, systems (including all networks and to supply the server is used), those of us Paypal-dienste, on our behalf or one of the website or a service, or a Paypal-dienste with our websites, our
Gewährleistungsausschluss
Paypal-dienste besehen " as the " and without any assurance or guarantee whether explicitly or implicitly, provided by law.
Paypal explicitly rejected any (also implied) to ensure:
Ownership,
Marketability,
Fitness for a specific purpose and
Nichtverletzung of rights.
Paypal has no control over the products or services of sellers, accept and as the paypal payment method can not ensure that a buyer Paypal-unternehmen or a seller with which they are dealing with, the transaction will conclude or is entitled actually.
Paypal still can not under any circumstances a continuous, ongoing and safe access to the Paypal-diensten.
Operation our or on our behalf operated websites, or systems (including all networks and software to server providing) can be used by many factors Paypal-diensten be affected, which of our control.
We efforts are appropriate to ensure that applications for loans, electronic direct debits and debit cards and bank accounts and the issue of cheques, credit cards, but in time worked relate are no assurances and guarantees as paypal on the time for the completion of the processing is required, since the depend on many factors, the Paypal-dienste outside the control of, such as delays in the banking system are Paypal-unternehmen.
In some countries, the exclusion of tacit, so the above assurances inadmissible for you may not directly. disclaimer
Accuracy information we can not guarantee in our correspondence, reports or on the website (s) are included, and from our directors, senior employees and staff in all circumstances and contexts are made available, and they orally should not focus on leave this information.
You must all correspondence between us carefully consider and us as soon as possible inform if in its view, a mistake has occurred or the information is not with your instructions.
Exemption from paypal
If you have a conflict with another, they are free of paypal Paypal-kontoinhaber:
Käuferschutzansprüchen,
Assets and
Damage (physical), and sequelae
Each nature and composition, known and unknown of or in connection with such conflicts arise.
Alone (not) are responsible for all the laws paypal, rules and regulations of their specific to understand and comply with the jurisdiction for them in connection with the use of our services may be considered (for example with regard to regulated activities, licensed activities, or export taxes or investments in). Importaktivitäten
Intellectual property
Brand paypal
" Paypal.com ", " " and all the logos in the context of paypal the are either trademark or registered trademark of Paypal-diensten or the licensor Paypal-unternehmen.
Do this not without our prior written consent, has used. edit or replicate
Seitenüberschriften custom, in addition, all graphics, buttons, icons and scripts, brands and / or trademark of Dienstleistungsmarken Paypal-unternehmen.
Do this not without our prior written consent, has replicate, amend, supplement edit or use.
Html-logos used by the they may be provided in order to the Paypal-unternehmen Netzwerk-traffic ahead. Paypal-dienste
Do Html-logos this in no way alter or modify them in a way, use the " " as the mark or the Paypal-dienste paypal them in a way, is abused or the support of or approval by paypal implies.
All right, title and interests in and on all content that it contained Paypal-websites, the technology in connection with the Paypal-dienste Paypal-diensten anything which and all technologies and drawn up or one of the above, are derived and their exclusive property of the Paypal-unternehmen licensor.
Lizenzvergaben generally
Software if they used by the is provided, such as a Paypal-unternehmen api, or any other software application, a Entwickler-toolkit software, which may include software, systems or our services is made available or with the service provider is integrated, which they downloaded or otherwise through a web or mobile platform = = = =, then give them the, not exclusive, not a Paypal-unternehmen widerrufliche, non-transferable, exempted limited unterlizenzierbare licence for access and / or the use of software in accordance with the documentation which this software Paypal-unternehmen's validity.
This licensing shall apply to the software and upgrades, new versions and all updates Ersatzsoftware.
Do rights to third parties, not give this rent or otherwise make available.
Are required, and comply with the transposition in all Zugriffs- Nutzungsanforderungen documentation on the contained. Paypal-diensten
Requirements implementation, if they access and use do not comply with be held liable for any resulting damage to them, and the third is expected. Paypal-unternehmen
The Paypal-unternehmen can the software after prior notification to you or update.
Paypal-unternehmen although the (1) certain items and technology from third in any other application or web, including their software, integrated may have and / or (2) on certain items and technology from third access and use them for the provision of to facilitate were them no rights Paypal-dienste on such property from third granted and keep no other rights in it.
You agree not to change, to modify, to source code change to fix to manipulate copying to reproduce to to distribute, indicate to publish, to translate to cutting, zurückzuentwickeln to, or otherwise to try a source code dekompilieren to draw up by the software or of material or technology third is derived, or otherwise derived works from the software, of material or technology to produce third.
They recognise that all right, title and interests in the property and all therein of paypal Paypal-software materials from third property of the integrated of paypal. Drittanbieter
Software application of any other on Drittanbieters websites use is subject to licence which Paypal-unternehmen them with the third agreed them this software available.
They recognize that no responsibility or liability for such Paypal-unternehmen bear them on one of our Drittanbieter-softwareanwendung websites, software and / or in association with the use, and this software Paypal-diensten neither own nor control.
Licensing paypal, guarantees of them to intellectual property
Paypal is not entitled to the ownership of the content, which they provide to upload paypal or address.
Paypal claims did not ownership of on websites or content, applications to the third hosten Paypal-dienste in connection with its content. offer payment services
Subject of the next paragraph give the (and the parties with whom Paypal-unternehmen this cooperation) not exclusive, irrevocable, exempted, a license to use their content and transferable worldwide and the related intellectual property rights, as well as to us in improving, music publishing rights the organisation and the promotion of our current services to support and to create new.
Paypal will not compensate for their content.
They recognize that the use of their content in intellectual property or hurt. no paypal Veröffentlichungsrechte
Also recognize and to guarantee that they own all rights to the provided by them, or otherwise control, and the content they agree to take their moral rights necessary promise to assert these rights, not against paypal.
Licensing sellers of at paypal
Irrespective of the provisions in the previous paragraph grant them if they are, which uses a seller to payments for goods and Paypal-dienste services to accept a global, not exclusive, hereby paypal, on several levels and transferable security unterlizenzierbares right to use and fully paid, lizenzfreies public presentation during the life of this trademark (s) (conditions of use, including but not limited to registered and unregistered trade marks, trade names, names and associated names, logos, service marks that belongs to them, are licensed or their are used) on the site and in our mobile and for purposes of (1) identification of the web as traders, a as accepted and 2 Paypal-dienst payment mechanism) any other use, they expressly agree.
Miscellaneous
Transfer
Do any rights or obligations under those conditions without the prior written consent of paypal transferred or dismissed.
Paypal may obligations under those conditions of use or rights transferred at any time dismissed.
Law
The conditions and the relationship between us are subject to the laws of england and wales.
This has no effect on their Verbraucherschutzrechte in germany.
When filed a lawsuit against you in court collect will you submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales nicht-ausschließlichen.
If, for example, a claim for these against us in court could exert conditions, would be a permissible court, a court in england or wales; they can claim instead as consumers in a german court to claim.
Data protection
The protection of their data is very important to us.
Please read our, to find out what we privacy statements do to their data to protect and to what extent we use and disclosure.
Languages and translation of the agreement
We will treat you by default in german communicate.
At their request, the communication in english are carried out.
Translations conditions that are purely for greater clarity, and do no changes to the terms of use.
Where contradictions between the german text conditions and a version of this a language other than german is the german version shall prevail.
The use of information and data protection laws
If information about another receive their duty is to these Paypal-kunden confidential treatment of information and only in connection with the m2. Paypal-diensten
Do Paypal-nutzer no information on to third parties or used for marketing purposes unless they receive, the explicit consent to this user.
Do unsolicited e-mails (no) to a user or the sending spam to services of paypal payments for the sending of unsolicited e-mails to third parties or to receive help.
(Seller) in accordance with those where they process personal data of conditions Paypal-kunden undertake to comply with applicable data protection laws.
They have their own independent set, communications and procedure for such privacy statement personal data, which they have a record of its activities, including Datenverantwortlicher in connection with the processing of personal data under these conditions.
The existing rules, regulatory requirements shall include all related data protection laws and codes of conduct for the provision of these services are described conditions of use.
If under this personal data from europe, must process conditions the eu directive or the (eu) Datenschutz-grundverordnung 95/46 ec () einhalten. 2016/679 DSGVO
In compliance with these laws they are:
All appropriate security measures for the processing of personal data, implement and maintain
Verarbeitungsaktivitäten lead, a list of all the under the present conditions of use are carried out and
Not knowingly do anything or allow, leading to a violation of privacy laws by paypal could lead.
Total contract and third party rights
This put the whole agreement between them and conditions are in terms of our firm. service
Should any provision in these conditions of use or invalid, unenforceable found this provision deleted; the other provisions shall remain unaffected.
A person who is not party to this is, in accordance with the conditions of use acquires act 1999 (contracts), on the rights of third parties any rights it refers may or in accordance with which they can enforce a provision of this (with the exception of conditions of use, see section exemption and limitation of liability) Paypal-unternehmen.
Appeal right or of a third party which is not based on the law is cited above, without prejudice to.
Paypal as Login-methode
With paypal we can allow them to, if you are in certain authenticate external websites or mobile apps customers.
If we do that, we can take their personal and others whose and Anmeldestatus Kontoinformationen to third parties, transfer you agree, so that this third you can identify.
Paypal is the third no access to your account only with proper authorisation and give your account to the same third command payments from undertakings.
Visitors if they prepare themselves with to authenticate, if they are paypal on its website, the app or their, you must all specific conditions to customers ' accounts agree that apply when this functionality is made available to them, and all specifications in a directive or a law. Integrationshandbuch
We Kontoinformationen of user and other personal (including the Anmeldestatus), which are owned by paypal are not distribute that to you, unless the user has to by our communication of such information.
Neither guarantee we still we are otherwise the identity of the user. this Login-methode
Business
Psd2 if we in this section of " to do we mean second Eu-zahlungsdiensterichtlinie () Eu2015/2366.
We regard it as " business, " if you on the day on which it based on this in a business relationship with us have been conditions of use, no:
Consumers (a person who, for purposes other than trade, business or profession is) and
Small entrepreneurs (" " are enterprises with less than 10 small entrepreneurs staff and a assets of less than eur 2 million per year).
Psd2 we can certain provisions of for their use of our service when they exclude. business
If you business:
You have no right to reimbursement of payments from a, Abbuchungsvereinbarung
They have from the date on which there is a problem, up to 60 days in which to tell us, then we do not have to to investigate the matter and give them the reimbursement to grant
We are not obliged to in title iii of the correlation with you and Psd2 applicable implementation of, and information requirements set out, when Psd2
Apply articles 72 and 89 of the and corresponding provisions in the Psd2 not for their use of our service, Psd2-umsetzung so that we, even if we in these say anything else, conditions of use they do not fall for the losses or damages are liable to them by those articles and provisions may arise.
