Agb
Thank you very much for the use of pinterest.
These general terms and conditions (" '), for your agb access to and the apis and widgets, Pinterest-webseite apps (" of " or " pinterest pinterest ") service and its use.
Agb please read this carefully and turn to us, if you have questions.
By access and use of pinterest do you recognize this, agb, our data protection directives and our as authentic. Cookie-richtlinien Community-richtlinien
Put more simply
Every business has its terms and conditions.
And these are our.
Our service.
Of pinterest is you the mission to help to discover and to do what you love.
Therefore we show you using your activities on our and other websites, of which we content believe they relevant, interesting and for you are. all individually
For providing this service, we need you and your interests can identify.
Displayed some of the content are by advertisers.
As part of our service we are trying to ensure that even advertised content for you relevant and interesting.
Advertised content shall be clearly marked.
Put more simply
Of pinterest is you the mission to help to discover and to do what you love.
For that reason the service on you vote.
So all you on displayed relevant must pinterest we more about your interests to find out.
Use of pinterest
A. pinterest who can use
You are only of use of entitled, if you a binding treaty pinterest with can't refuse and these and all pinterest agb laws. einhältst
In drawing up you're obliged to complete and your Pinterest-kontos truthful information.
The Werbedienst of you can not use, if from pinterest sanctions that the us is prohibited.
The use and access is children and adolescents under 13 years be prohibited.
Resident if you are, you are in the eea only on the use of entitled to the minimum age for if you pinterest consent according to the law on data processing of your country reached.
Pinterest materially is for use by downloading of software in a computer, a smartphone, or any other device. tablet
You tell you agree that we might make, and that these automatic updates to the software conditions for this updates.
As our licence to you
Agb our directives and in accordance with this (including our) grant you a limited, we Community-richtlinien non-exclusive, non-transferable and it consists of our service. licence to
C. commercial use of pinterest
Pinterest commercial use if you want to create a voice for our companies and Unternehmenskonto agb.
You on behalf of an undertaking, organisation or any other entity an account, does the word " you einrichtest " both on you as well as the personally organization.
You versicherst that you authorized all ratings and licences for these, and these conditions to grant agb on behalf and for the organisation as binding.
Put more simply
Pinterest can not be used if you are older or younger than 13 years (in some countries).
Pinterest business if you, you have to configure. uses a Unternehmenskonto
Your content.
A. content items
Pinterest allowed you, content such as photos, comments and other materials to post.
Postest everything you or otherwise to make available is the " Nutzerinhalt pinterest. "
All Nutzerinhalten you on rights to the sole responsibility for it, as well as pinterest postest remain with you.
Put more simply
Pinterest posted on still. you are content
B. use your content by and other users pinterest
For the sole purpose of the establishment of the development, marketing and use of show pinterest us and our users with a non-exclusive, non-transferable freephone,, not global, on your licence unterlizenzierbare to use to store Nutzerinhalt pinterest, indicate to reproduce be changing work to produce derived thereof and demonstrate it to spread.
This agb are no condition by any other rights, for example, at the appropriate restricted Pinterests Nutzerinhalt from other licences.
We reserve the right, at their own discretion to remove or to Nutzerinhalte edit or whose on to amend. Verwendungsweise pinterest
Including Nutzerinhalte, which we believe against this, our other directives or agb Community-richtlinien rejected.
Put more simply
If your content on, they can other users indicated pinterest postest and noticed them.
Body sexual materials and no one and no spam be nice to the other users of pinterest.
C. storage your content
After termination or deactivation of your account or if you from pinterest, we can your Nutzerinhalte entfernst for a reasonable period, secure archive Nutzerinhalt or checking.
Pinterest and its users can your content that by other users on stored or were shared, and keep pinterest continue to use, store, show reproduce, modify, work to show weiterpinnen demonstrate and distribute them.
Put more simply
Post content by the us powers to this you erteilst provision and improvement of m2. pinterest
Content copies of that you shared have maintained even after you have deleted the contents of your account.
D. you ton feedback
We look forward to our users to hear, and look for ways to improve further always pinterest.
Comments einreichst, ideas, or if you, we are entitled to this feedback fully and to use. entgeltlos
Pinterest waived by adopting your not on his right, under similar to use the feedback or related was already known by its staff pinterest was developed or by other has been brought. pinterest
Put more simply
Your proposals can be used to improve pinterest.
Copyright directive.
Pinterest copyright directive has its in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (dmca) and other applicable adopted and implemented. Urheberrechtsgesetzen
More detailed information, you will find in. unsererurheberrechtsrichtlinie
Put more simply
We respect the copyright.
You should do the same.
Security.
The safety of our users is important to us.
Even if we have to protect your and your account to content can not guarantee that unauthorised third pinterest able to not to break security measures.
We ask your password safely.
Please notify us immediately, ' when you discover that the safety of your account serious or use it. unberechtigterweise
Put more simply
You can do us in the fight against the following you help by Spammern Sicherheitstipps. beachtest
6 left, websites and services provided by third
On pinterest are links to websites, services, or other events or activities by third parties or Sonderangeboten who do not belong and Werbetreibender pinterest not pinterest control.
Pinterest recommends these websites, information, materials, products and services and also takes no responsibility for the third.
Access to the website, the service or the substance is third on their own.
You do you agree that access to websites, not for pinterest services or content or for the use of the same third below.
Put more simply
Pins links to content, which are not located on are. pinterest
This content are largely wonderful, but no responsibility if we assume that is not the case.
Termination.
Pinterest is the from any reasons upon a notification from withdraw access authorisation or suspend.
We shall be entitled to access directly and without notification to end your or suspend if a legitimate reason exists, for example a violation of our Community-richtlinien.
Even after the termination are you still in sections 3 and 8 of this agb tied.
Put more simply
Pinterest is a free service.
We reserve the right, in our judgment, our services, they will be appropriate to refuse.
Haftungsfreistellung.
Pinterest for commercial purposes if you do (i.e., you're not a consumer) without the consent to according to section 2 (c) of this unserengeschäftsbedingungen conditions, you marry, inc, pinterest europe ltd, pinterest their related companies and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents of any claims, complaints, court proceedings, disputes, claims, damage, loss, costs and expenses to keep value.
Including reasonable, including costs of the Anwalts-und Buchhaltungskosten defence of rights, complaints or third asked procedures concerning your use of our services, or any violation of these agb.
Put more simply
Be sued for something if we how your company, you have to do for the us pinterest costs resources.
Also you had already set up and our business agree to agb Unternehmenskonto them.
Be covered by disclaimers.
Our services and all content on without guarantees and without explicit or pinterest implied guarantees provided.
Pinterest explicitly rejected further and conditions of the means of, for a particular purpose, Handelsüblichkeit suitability of property rights, which means of Nichtverletzung resulting from the regular, or the commercial practice trade operators.
Pinterest assumes no liability or liability for which you, another user Nutzerinhalte or a third party on our service posts or transfers.
Take note that you may be wrong, faced with Nutzerinhalten offensive or not for minors is suitable or otherwise not adequate for your purpose.
Users eea to close our unlimited liability for gross negligence, purpose, or injuries caused by our Todesfolgen negligence or wilful misconduct has caused, not our and limit this too.
Put more simply
Unfortunately post content on websites like pinterest. users inappropriate
We take this issue very seriously indeed, but it can nevertheless be confronted with you will before we have to resolve.
Should you notice, raise the us content such inappropriate here.
Limitation of liability.
Pinterest accepts in full allowed by law no responsibility for indirect,, special, or random derived for the direct or indirect damage, exemplary loss of profits or for turnover data loss, loss of goodwill and other intangible NUTZUNGSSCHÄDEN, values that may arise from the following situation: (a) access to the service your or your use or the inability of access or use on the same, (b) the content and your response to the third service, in particular, abusive or behaviour, either DIFFAMIERENDES UNGESETZLICHES by other users or third parties, or (c) the unauthorised access to or the illegal use or change your transfer or your content.
The liability of for all of them in connection with the pinterest service is in each case to 100 ($ 100 $) limited.
For users in the eea, the above provision in the claim.
Instead is limited liability in this case on the foreseeable damage pinterest, as a result of non-compliance with the essential arise. vertragstypisch contractual obligations
Pinterest shall not be liable for damage caused by an injury, other important due diligence costs.
This limitation of liability does not apply to legal required liability which can not be restricted, and for liability for death or injury, by our negligence or wilful misconduct caused our.
Also, it does not use in express to you. commitments
Put more simply
We are trying to you the best possible service to offer, but we can not promise that everything is perfect.
For various things, we are not responsible.
If you think that we are responsible, we should have this in a reasonable way.
Conciliation.
Pinterest in disputes with you agrees to do us first contact to the dispute, if possible, settled out of court apart.
To contact you if we do we use the specified email address. in your Pinterest-konto
Out-of-court agreement should not be possible, we come to this, all of them disputes or from or in connection with these disputes arise (are excluded agb and claims) under a Unterlassungs- billigkeitsrechtliche binding arbitration before the civil court for to rules. Bagatellfälle
By arbitration in disputes can be way than in a court case settle. informellere
By arbitration, for example, a neutral instead of one judge or instead of arbitrators used, it is a necessary and the procedure is only beschränktere disclosure verifiable by proper jurisdiction. limited
Conciliator can despite the limited and the same damages the formality as a court. accord Unterlassungsansprüche
You tell you agreed that you by adopting this agb u.s. federal arbitration act () as relevant for the interpretation and Us-schiedsgerichtsgesetz enforcement of this provision and that both parties on the right anerkennst a or an. Schwurgerichtsverhandlung began
The conciliator is the exclusive competence to settle disputes concerning the interpretation, application and enforcement of this binding arbitration agreement apart.
This Schiedsgerichtsklausel remains after reconstitution this treaty and the termination of your existence. Pinterest-kontos
Any arbitration by the american arbitration association (" aaa " Schiedsinstitution) in accordance with the applicable rules for consumer disputes carried out unless otherwise set out in this document.
Those forms you find under www.adr.org.
Pinterest subject to any other arrangements with the arbitration is in the district of residence of your carried out.
All Aaa-antrag and costs for the application and charges arbitration in accordance with the aaa by each party to bear.
Pinterest is ready to levels in framework for your application, pay fees, provided that your application and schiedsrichterlichen $ 75,000 does not exceed and subject to the claim for compensation in the federal rule of civil procedure 11 (b) standards laid down is not unjustified.
If your claim to $ 10,000 or less is confess you the right of decision as to whether the conciliation procedure in accordance with the Aaa-richtlinien solely in terms of the conciliator provided documentation or in a telephone or hearing is to be conducted.
Exceeds entitlement is $ 10,000 entitled to receive the Gerichtssitzung Aaa-richtlinien.
Regardless of the form of arbitration is required to issue a conciliator written in the key facts Entscheidungsbegründung and as a result, conclusions for the decision are shown.
The award is all competent court will be presented.
Nothing in this article shall not prevent the parties from regarding security, intellectual property or unauthorised access to the service of legal action in respect of or other initiated. Unterlassungs- Billigkeitsansprüche
All claims to the parties in my own personal behalf and not as a principal or capacities in a collection, mass or raised; a summary of claims class action more persons by the tribunal is excluded, unless both parties in favour of this step.
In your letter with these do you agree that you and agb pinterest to the law of participation in collective redress abandon or Schwurgerichtsverfahrens.
Your essential legal rights are these general terms and conditions unaffected.
Insofar demands in relation to proceedings or disputes or our services in accordance with applicable laws or pinterest other provisions are not, you and pinterest, schiedsrichterlich vereinbarst that all rights or litigation in respect of exclusively in accordance with article 12 of this pinterest conditions end.
For users in the eea has not apply article 11.
Governing law and jurisdiction.
Agb for this is the right of the state of california, ignoring the Kollisionsrechts.
Exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes with regard to this treaty is the district of san francisco, california, under the responsibility of the united states district court for the northern district of california.
Complaints kalifornischem right after.
This does not apply to consumers in the eea.
Any protection of consumers in the eea in accordance with applicable laws and the competence of the relevant country remain unaffected. from this provision Landesgerichte
Put more simply
The bay area is beautiful this time of year.
And the best thing is that you don't care what season we already have.
You must have us in any case, this court.
Eea applies only if you are a trader, a consumer.
Consumers in the eea are before the courts of their home country to court.
General conditions.
Benachrichtigungsverfahren and changes to these agb
We reserve the right to form and to determine the way in which you notifications to be served.
The service of legal documents may also in electronic form.
These conditions may vary, and the current version, however, will always be available on our website.
Of revisions, which we consider as essential, we put you accordingly.
Pinterest if you after the entry into force of amendments, you will perceive continue to use the new conditions as authentic.
If you do not agree with the new conditions, your body use of a. pinterest
Put more simply
In case of a significant change of agb informed you will.
You should not accept the new conditions, you can pinterest not use it.
Transfer
The conditions and in accordance with them all the rights and licences may not delegate to third parties, you may, however, by fully to third parties. pinterest
Any attempt by the transfer to or allocation to third parties is an infringement of these conditions, and has no validity.
For consumers in the eea: and you shall have this treaty, pinterest and all derived rights and licences to third parties).
In case of any such transfer by you are entitled to the contract with pinterest immediate effect by your deaktivierst. to account
Pinterest informed you within a reasonable time on such a transfer.
Whole treaty / severability
The agb, and all the amendments and other agreements, Datenschutzrichtline you meet with the full agreement between form pinterest you and about the service. pinterest
If any provision in these conditions shall be considered invalid this provision where necessary restricted or annulled.
Agb keep the remaining provisions of the applicable in their entirety.
No surrender
No surrender these conditions is a fundamental or continued to this or any other provision. Rechtsverzicht
Failure from pinterest, a right or a provision under these conditions to assert, shall not be considered waiving such a right or such a provision.
Parties
Users in the united states close this treaty with inc., brannan street, 651 pinterest san francisco, ca., 94103
For users who are established outside the united states make this a contract with europe ltd agb pinterest
, An irish company in dublin at the following address: reported palmerston, 2nd floor, house Fenian street, dublin 2, ireland.
Put more simply
Who is responsible for you depends on where you live.
Date: 01. may 2018
