This conditions retail shall apply from 31 october. please click here to 2021 the previous retail display the terms and conditions to 31 october, 2021.
My Revolut-konto
Why 1 where this information is important?
This document sets out the general terms and conditions for your personal (the account) and the Revolut-konto related services.
They contain also other important things that you need to know.
These general terms and conditions, together with our, and all other Gebührenseite data protection directives, which would affect our services general terms and conditions, a legal agreement (the agreement relate) between:
You, the account holder, and
Revolut us, in the republic of lithuania (a uab payments established company with the seat and principal place of business in registered and Unternehmensnummer 304940980 konstitucijos ave.
21b 08130, vilnius, republic of lithuania.
This agreement is valid indefinitely.
This means that it is valid until you or we end it.
We bank of lithuania under the law on electronic money and electronic the republic of lithuania to issuance of electronic money institutions authorised (approval number for electronic: institutions no 42).
The bank of lithuania is the central bank and financial supervisory authority of the republic of lithuania.
Your address is gedimino ave.
6 01103, vilnius, republic of lithuania, 188607684 (further information on the registration of lithuania bank you get on its website at www.lb.lt, the bank of lithuania may, under the telephone number + 370 800). 50 500 contacted
Also we are subject to the law on payment of the republic of lithuania, which our activities and the provision of payment services, liability, the rights and obligations of our clients and the applicable fees provides for.
We indicate that we on weekdays the republic of lithuania, and only if such working days in the republic of lithuania with working days in the united kingdom (gb), operate and provide services. coincide
It is important that you understand how your account works.
Revolut app on the you can always request a copy of this general terms and conditions.
More if you want to know, you might help our further (but these are not faq faq part of our agreement with you.
. What sort of account where? my Revolut-konto
Your account is a payment account, where your is stored electronic money.
To e-money can are also in different currencies.
Electronic money is an electronic alternative to cash.
If you or someone else gives us dough, we give an appropriate value of e-money that you in the currency or the other person.
We save the money in your account, and other people accept it as a means of payment.
Payments to external accounts if you, the electronic money to his vornimmst nominal amount.
In these general terms and conditions we use the term " money " as a name for electronic money.
Use of money in your account.
E-money as soon as you did on your account, you can use our services.
You can, for example, do the following:
Send money and other and receive Revolut-konten Nicht-revolut-konten
Money from one currency to another change (we call that a currency exchange).
Available can sometimes change. currencies
Revolut-karte with your payments and withdraw cash and
Information show this to your account and management.
We extend our offer constantly with new features and services.
Inform you in the revolut app.
We offer our services, in particular, on the mobile app. revolut of
But let's put our services in other ways too available, for example by other websites, apps, those conditions apply when and api etc. whatever you at our services. zugreifst
This means that for all the possibilities of access to a particular service, in these conditions, even if we say that on the service in certain ways access.
Revolut-kartenzahlungen speak for example, on, we believe payments with a physical, but also with a virtual map or a map that apple pay card or google is added to pay.
. I can open? Revolut-konto
Usually 18 or over, you must be a Revolut-konto.
If you are under 18 years old, and we have a or any other service to provide Revolut-konto, you'll be given on the current vaccination rates was informed.
If you ask us, to open an account for you, we need, or a person acting on our behalf information about you and the origin of the money that you on your account will.
This is for various reasons, among other things, for your identity to review and to our credit ratings and legal and regulatory requirements.
Datenschutzrichtlinien get you in our further information about how we your data for these and other purposes.
When we have the necessary information is available, we will open your account.
The benefits won't stand available:
The opening of more than a personal or Revolut-konto
Account under retail for business purposes revolut.
Revolut-konto for business use if you want, you gotta be a in accordance with our request. commercial conditions Firmenkonto
. How do i get information on entrances and exits of my account?
You can all entry and exit points of your account on the revolut. check app
We don't take your amendments to, and they are you during Kontoinformationen your time than our client in the revolut available. app
You after the closure of your account a copy of the information need, you can download, while your account is still operating.
If your account includes and want this information, you can send us an email to feedback @ revolut.com.
You can also at any time, information from the app download.
We send each time a notification to your on your account if mobile device a payment once or.
Notifications revolut you can on the app, but then you have to disable your bank accounts periodically.
As it is important to know what your payments on account and out, we recommend you once not to disable notifications.
Communication
Normally we communicate on the app, and that is with you revolut free of charge.
Revolut-gruppe may also on the other companies with you, if this app revolut communicate with you and this company has been agreed.
Kontoinformationen in this way we are available and of any fraud or suspected fraud inform you in connection with your account.
In the same way we share with you whether a security threat for your any account.
Eighth, waiting for you regularly in for this type of information see app revolut.
To ensure the safety of your account to ensure invite the latest software for your mobile device and the latest version of the app, as soon as available revolut down.
We or via sms or e-mail with you, if you communicate your sms and regularly review. your email account
Your consents, permits, with the assumptions and other statements to be made, have the same legal revolut app validity as your signature on a written document.
Your revolut agreements concluded with us on the app, which are regarded as written agreements between you and us to be concluded.
Revolut implementing all instructions to acts that processes and others of you on the app submitted shall be exported / revolut than you submitted shall be considered as valid, and treated / exported from you carried out acts.
Usually we communicate in english with you.
Consider us informed
Please keep your data up to date and inform us immediately if your data have changed.
If we say that one of your information is wrong, you will be updated.
Our legal and regulatory requirements, we need sometimes for more information about you issues (e.g. when your spending).
Please set these information to enable fast your account or our services are not adversely affected.
6. how can i close my account?
You can close your account at any time, and thereby the agreement by us this. you stop mitteilst
You can tell us about the revolut app notifying us our central letter or us an email to send feedback @. revolut.com
Then you must all fees pay (for example, if you have an additional requested). Revolut-karte
May calculate you for other agreements apply Stornogebühren you with us, for example if you have completed your pluses, premium or resign. Metal-abo
The general terms and conditions of plus premium and metal here. do you
Your account if you or we close we'll give you the possibility of the money that you with us, we have deposited withdraw what is known as redemption of electronic money.
If you want that we you money in a currency other than the currency, which will lead, given for you, we will, and currency with the course and add our usual fee before we pay you the money.
Termination of Revolut-karte
If you change your mind and no more, it is not a wish Revolut-karte problem.
Parts we simply so that we can cancel the map.
How can i resign from the agreement.
Resign you can this agreement and within the first 14 days after opening of end by you on the us Revolut-kontos the app or an email to us revolut mitteilst feedback @ revolut.com put.
You have the right, without the payment of were directed and without giving any reason to resign.
In the event of resignation by the agreement we'll give you the remaining balances back.
7. what happens after the closure of my account?
We enough money to be retained all payments to cover the you before the dissolution of your account have approved.
You owe us also still the money you owed us have during your account been opened.
How do i get access to my money, after my account was closed.
After your account has closed or your has expired, can you still Revolut-karte for a period of eight years in turn in customer service and ask him feedback @ revolut.com) you the money that we should refer to keep you.
Account closed as soon as your, can you your money is only the currency of the country in which cut you're alive.
Security for my account
. How will my money protected.
We give your money not to others.
We a payment for your account or you know, we put the money on einzahlst equivalent in electronic money in your account.
We will quickly either
Money on our pay for dealing with major global Anderkonten banks in the eea (the money on lead is from our own money separately) Anderkonten; or
Payment low-risk assets to create in a separate account with financial institutions are kept.
We call this security.
Securing helps you in case to protect that we go bankrupt.
In such a case is an administrator in you. from our reimbursement Anderkonten
Unfortunately allows us the law, not you, and the money to pay interest on your account is not by a protected. Einlagensicherungsprogramm
Revolut-karte safety data and safe.
We are doing everything we can to protect your money.
We want you to do the same by your safety data and sure. Revolut-karte aufbewahrst
Therefore you should not close your safety data, and you should keep your Revolut-karte data or, if you protect camouflage. or aufschreibst speicherst
Give safety to nobody but your open, and a further Banking-anbieter in accordance with the Drittanbieter legislation.
In section 10 of these you find more information about general terms and conditions and Open-banking-anbieter Drittanbieter.
Sometimes forget easily the steps that need to be taken to protect his money.
Below you get some tips:
Make sure you are, if you don't app includes revolut do; and
Shot cellphone and your email account exploited by others and will avoid.
Contact us as soon as possible on the revolut when your app is lost or stolen, Revolut-karte or if the Revolut-karte or your without your consent could be used. safety
If possible, you should also immediately cancel, your Revolut-karte either through the app or by telephone to automated revolut telephone number down.
Later if you say that your safety is threatened, you can not Revolut-karte unlock.
So you can contact us
By post:
Konstitucijos ave.
21b 08130, vilnius, republic of lithuania.
Revolut-karte block:
214 3,608 + 370 5 (are) your tariffs, Telekommunikationsdienstleisters.
Lost or stolen or safety data reported: Revolut-karte
Send us on the device to another person a message on the revolut app.
Send us a message on social media.
Send us an email to feedback @ revolut.com.
Telephone:
214 3,608 + 370 5 (are) your tariffs, Telekommunikationsdienstleisters.
10 make payments and " open access to banking ' accounts
" You can use to banking " open access, which you on accounts revolut app for lead and to other providers of other providers of access to your to enable. Revolut-konto
Other providers of access to allow your Revolut-konto
You can allow access to your other providers or payments in thy name make Kontoinformationen.
Those suppliers are often considered " open " or " banking '. -anbieter Drittanbieter
Such suppliers must often by a regulatory body as the bank of lithuania or the competent supervisory authority of another country be authorised.
Open Banking-anbieters or the use of a if you, you should take into account these Drittanbieters after its authorisation details (if any) and the questions itself.
Therefor Online-register can you of the bank of lithuania with approved undertakings review).
You on a banking ' or " open to your, -anbieter Drittanbieter apply to your use of your Revolut-konto zugreifst continue our general terms and conditions. Revolut-kontos
We may have to access a banking ' or " open to your account lock (-anbieters Drittanbieters, for example, if we see if it is not necessary the risk of fraud have authorisation or when there are legal or regulatory reasons).
In this case, we will try you first or as soon as possible thereafter to provide information.
Revolut we shall on the app, unless by e-mail or do, it would be unlawful or when they are good against. safety
Unlock Drittanbieter as soon as it also we no longer reason for the refusal of access.
You have the right to access a " remains open to your banking ' or to block -anbieters Drittanbieters Revolut-konto.
We got contact, if you think that a without your consent is. Drittanbieter
When you open a " banking " or uses that -anbieter Drittanbieter the power and your consent erteilst for having access to receive payments from your or your Revolut-kontoinformationen Revolut-konto in thy name carried out.
Datenschutzrichtlinien get you in our further information about how we your data for these and other purposes pass.
Accessing accounts with other providers with the revolut app
Revolut app on you can on your accounts with other providers of access, and payments from these accounts from.
We call this our " open " banking services.
Revolut for the provision of these services is authorised.
Our banking " " if you open information services is to show you an account in another provider are, you must give us the power to this account access.
We will not be sensitive, the available do you save payments data to this power.
Authorised us as soon as you have, for access to the account: Kontoinformationen
Will we be in thy name on your access (i.e. on information such as Kontoinformationen your account, your and functions of your account). Transaktionsverlauf
This analyze information to get information on your expenditure be reported (e.g. proposals as to how you save money could).
Do you know your consent at any time withdraw. revolut app
Datenschutzrichtlinien get you in our further information about how we your data for these and other purpose.
Our banking " " if you open uses to a payment services from an account for you in a provider to lead, you must also give us the power, this payment shall be made.
We will not be sensitive, the available do you save payments data to this power.
We will assume that you us your consent and we have to have these accounts of payments by authorised if you initiate in the app for the use of a given payment service revolut and after you all necessary and decide requested information entered and in the app did speak. revolut
11 there are no restrictions in the use of revolut or app Revolut-karte?
Please act in the use of or reasonable and responsible Revolut-karte revolut app.
The revolut app or can not directly or indirectly) (Revolut-karte used as follows:
For illegal purposes (e.g., to commit fraud.
In ways that our ability to our services that may affect;
A simple transfer of money from a or to a Kreditkartenkonto
For all transactions for obtaining apart from the cash from a cash withdrawals
Control and use of, that's not yours Revolut-kontos
Subcontracting Revolut-karte to the to another person;
Others access to your account or to allow revolut app
To Dienstanbieters, in which its usage restrictions of a registered to abuse, exploit Revolut-karte or activity.
As you can, for example, only one for a particular use of service provider Revolut-karte or free about offers a subscribe
Or; for speculative purposes (i.e. to act in a expected growth or decline in the value of a currency) or for differences in the foreign exchange market to exploit
Please act also against us and our respectful-we are here to you Support-mitarbeitern to help.
Geldein- and outgoing products
Add money in my account.
You can add your account now by a money with us registered debit or credit card (we call this your card), or a bank transfer is stored.
Stored card to your name your walk.
Hinzufügst if you money, you must in by bank transfer of the data reported used. revolut app
As soon as we obtain the money, we add your account, the equivalent in the form of electronic money in.
Follow carefully the instructions in the app, is to avoid delay.
The account, which you have to use your account, depend on the currency of the money to money from added.
If you, for example, money in euro (€) to your account want to, you have to account for the our used in the " euro account ' revolut listed app
Stored card or a bank account if you a in a currency in order to do your account money in a currency other add your bank or your card schemes may charge a fee.
We will assume that your consent and we have given the authority to carry out the transaction as soon as your in the payment order sent app revolut.
Further information on the addition of money in your account. do you like in our Faqs
Keep money on your e-money accounts
As soon as you money in your transferred you can do it on e-money accounts different types of which we offer. sub-accounts weiterüberweisen
You got your money, for example, from one currency to the other exchange or it in a pocket. or keep Privatkunden-vault
Sub-accounts E-geld-kontos are the of your.
All the rules that apply for your, also apply to your sub-accounts Hauptkonto-for example, can access it. collection agency
Don't worry that the balance of your too low could be Revolut-kontos
We are aware that it is important for you to make payments at any time from your account.
Authorise you can do us a certain amount of money from your stored on your account if no card the monetary value on your account falls below a certain amount.
We call this Auto-hinzufügung.
A Auto-hinzufügung you can at any time on the app or cancel. your revolut schemes
Zahlungslimits
Due to the rules on combating money laundering and terrorist financing or in the third we can for amounts applied limits on your account paid in or from your account can be paid, or the amounts which you and your cut or can spend, a limit Revolut-karte.
We can also the value of the one you at a given moment Währungsumtauschs or over a given period, can carry out.
These limits may from time to time to change.
Information on these limits do you here.
Respect the consistency of currency
It is important that each payment in your bank in the currency of your account is.
Otherwise the payment in the currency of your account converted.
This means that your account may more or less shall be credited to when you were expecting.
In this case, we can not be held liable for losses.
13 transfers between Revolut-konten
You can send money on other of such received. Revolut-konten
We call such payments Sofortüberweisungen.
All Sofortüberweisungen are immediately receive.
A Sofortüberweisung you can account for another by it on his chiefs Revolut-nutzers username or another we provide method of its identification from the contact list in the app and follow instructions chose revolut.
Gruppen-vaults
Gruppen-vault if you are in a member, you can also make. there Sofortüberweisungen
A Gruppen-vault is an account, by a single set up and managed. Revolut-nutzer
Gruppen-vaults all members of a can have their own operations and leave at any time. see this Gruppen-vault
Revolut-nutzer only, has set up (the owner), Gruppen-vault can automatically all the transactions see the close, other Gruppen-vault Gruppen-vault add or remove members and members of the withdrawals of money (or allow Gruppen-vault withdraw). their access authorisation
A Gruppen-vault you should not join or money to send him, if you trust, the owner when he is the owner of the money-if the owner at any time is no more or his account will be closed Revolut-kontoinhaber, you will not have access to the more money in. Gruppen-vault
Purchases " with pay " revolut
Sofortüberweisung you can also, the " with to a company to pay " used to payments to revolut received.
This may on the following two species occur:
Sofortüberweisung instruct you can do us a over a specified amount of your to a company to carry out either immediately Revolut-konto or on a specific date or in several data in the future (for example, instead of by card to pay). cash
We call such payments as initiated by the customer payments. "
You can give your assent to them give that a company can move from your Revolut-konto (Sofortüberweisungen, for example, if you will allow an undertaking regular payments from your account, such as a subscription) recover.
Payments call " from traders. " initiated payments
Customer payments, initiated
, Customers must have a set amount be initiated payments.
The amount fixed is a one-off payment.
Recurrent customers, you can, to a company (initiated payments at any time you have to disable them on the day before their maturity, if you want to prevent) disable.
Bezahl- or you'll during the invited to the amount of a customer of Anmeldevorgangs initiated and any payment to be confirmed and repeating the same authentication.
It will only receive the amount that you and the company can without your bestätigst leave no further payments transactions.
Traders started, payments
Traders initiated, payments may be, but you do on any amounts ceilings for the frequency and whole or by the traders payments notes taken individual value a company can move in.
Traders initiated, you can payments to a company also at any time, jack.
If a company asks a, but we initiated payment of your account, traders and those within the from you to set limits shall be you not an approval before we ask they perform.
Revolut we shall have you in the app notify when a payment or a trader, initiated by the customer initiated payment of your does Revolut-konto.
Protection in the use of " with pay " revolut
Revolut pay " with " is a service that we offer companies, so that you can pay it right off your from, without your Revolut-konto. enter Kartendetails
We would, however, that " with " both for you and pay revolut for business works.
Therefore we have drawn up is when you Käuferschutzrichtlinie an unemployed person on " pay " vornimmst purchase revolut.
Traders started, refunds for payments
Traders initiated, based on a payments are you consent in the past, have issued from your account recovered.
We encourage companies, you the amount of any payments to traders, before you move in this started.
If you are, however, believe that a trader, payment from your account was drafted erroneously initiated, can you us within 8 weeks after the payment to repay you.
Contact chat to us by a refund to request and we will you within 10 working days to know if your reimbursement was carried out successfully.
14 other types of payments
It is easy to money in your bank account or the another person's pay.
A one-off payment or you can make a periodic payment options.
Give simply and in international bank account number (or code payments bic and iban) of account that you money, shall pay a and follow the instructions. revolut app
We may need for further information.
Use of Revolut-karte
Revolut-karte you can also with your payments and withdraw cash.
Therefor can you the details, and your (expiry date) Kartennummer Revolut-karte or your pin. enter Cvc-nummer
We these measures are as your approval to see on your payments or to withdraw cash. Revolut-konto
Erteilst you also for your support and your payments by you: to Revolut-karte
Your Revolut-karte to terminal do (") and other actions on non-contact transaction electronic card readers durchführst.
For non-contact payments up to a certain amount is not necessary. or it could
On the evidence from the electronic was issued for the purchase card readers sign;
Your Revolut-karte in electronic card readers and a further action which durchführst einsteckst electronic should without your card readers enter (e.g. pin in the payment of tolls and Parkplatzgebühren, etc.);
Revolut-karte and other details, the number of your and the introduction of a payment order to bereitstellst burden of your account while you approve, an arrangement with a trader or service provider; or;
Your Revolut-karten-nummer and other data for a service provider and the payment of these authentication or Trading- with a 3d. provides Secure-methode
This is a step, you in with your run must, if Revolut-karte online purchases a or service providers. this method implemented Trading-
That is the case, a dialog on the website of Trading-, in which you or Dienstanbieters be invited to the payment to verify, and you get a revolut. to your Push-benachrichtigung app
App you must do your open and to obtain the payment transaction confirm.
Revolut-karte if you and your money to a cash payment or a cut a (for example, in a shop or durchführst restaurant), let us consider the payment as authorised from you, unless:
You shared with us that money from your account was taken, or
You don't believe that we have followed your instructions correctly.
May we pay you a calculated for the. Geldabheben
The relevant fees do you in our. Gebührenübersicht
We are not responsible for losses if payments in a currency other are returned.
Sometimes is money we for you to someone, not to its transfer to account but back to us.
If we had to carry out a payment can show that currency exchange and we have done everything right, we will the money if we reimburse you, back to the original currency conversion.
This means that the amount which you in your account, low (or get repaid higher!)
Can be as the payment from you.
We would not be responsible for losses that arise with you.
Respect in entering data's
If the data of the person that you want, body pay eingibst ensure that the data are correct.
If they are not, may your payment delay or you could lose your money, if it to the incorrect account.
Make you, that you know, to the person you. keep a payment
If someone to approach you and asks you, we a payment to him to do, but you're not certain about who they are or what payment is, you may be the victim of a fraud and we can your money may not be for you back.
Should person you want to pay that money is not received, we are not responsible, provided that its payment correctly, you have worked but the incorrect information did.
While we are on your request like to try your money back, but this could be in some countries more difficult than in others.
Revolut app if you on the, we can about our Kundenserviceteam you provide information to help you get the money back, including the details of the person who has received the money, if we have it.
Eea covers all the countries of the european union and norway, iceland and liechtenstein.
A " working day ' day is a banks, both in the republic of lithuania, as well as in the united kingdom are open.
Direct debits
Depending on where you live, you can direct debit payments in euro from your account to bank accounts in the single european payment area (which are all eea countries and switzerland, monaco and san marino).
These payments are as described. direct debits
The bank, the account is, to which the deposit is the bank of the payee (debit entry), is responsible for us at maturity to the payment to ask.
You may:
Sepa-lastschrift or the amount of a frequency with which it from your account is (or both) to limit
Direct debits by your account were paid, to cancel
Deciding only to direct debits certain persons to cash in on
You can do us this on the app. contact revolut
If you have a set up, the bank will of the sepa direct debit on this payee and we will be working day before maturity request at the maturity date to the bank figures.
If due to a day off the for the bank of the payee (this is usually a weekend or a holiday), it is the next working day at the bank payment.
Please read our the direct debits.
Payments for services provided by other companies Revolut-gruppe
The revolut app is more than just a e-money accounts.
It is a platform on which you on a whole range of services can access.
Not all of these services we (uab) provided. revolut payments
Some by other companies within the group provided.
If that is the case, you have to separate with these companies support the terms and conditions for such services.
For example:
Kryptowährungsdienste uses if you, they will be of revolut made available and are subject to the ltd, which you have approved. Kryptowährungs-agb
We offer these services not to and you have no rights against us under this. Kryptowährungs-agb
Edelmetall-dienstleistungen uses if you, they will be of revolut made available and are subject to the ltd, with which you agreed Edelmetall-agb did.
This service is not available, we are, and you have no rights against us. in accordance with those Edelmetall-agb
Trading-dienstleistungen uses if you, they will be of revolut trading ltd.
Available and with which you are subject to the Trading-agb agreed.
This service is not available, we are, and you have no rights against us. in accordance with those Trading-agb
All other services which are provided by another. a subsidiary company
Although we do not provide these services, they will usually resulted in a payment on your or your with us made e-money accounts e-money accounts.
Kryptowährung is, for example, if you buy a payment of your with us for the made Kryptowährung e-money accounts when you sell is a payment on your transferred. e-money accounts
In that case, your account at the request of other companies in the general terms and conditions on the basis of their Revolut-gruppe crediting or a direct debit.
Sometimes we can for a set up if the sub-account your e-money accounts for these services is required.
Trading-dienstleistungen uses, for example, if you do you see that you have that you have to finance sub-account before you can use the Trading-dienstleistungen.
. What happens if a payment account at the wrong at all or late was sent.
We are always trying to your payments on time and correctly, but sometimes things are wrong to and a payment may be delayed or not in the person to which you pay wanted.
If something went wrong and
The person who pays you,
The bank account to which your payment should enter or
Traders, whom you paid
In eea, tell us this is on the app. revolut
You must tell us as soon as possible and no later than 13 months after the payment of your account was debited.
Lovely money in the bank has made to the you sent to us the payment in your account back.
Error fees or if you because of our report, we also had to pay interest.
Payment if we in thy name have received, but the money was not so good in your account paid, we will be your account the amount of the payment may immediately.
Apply these rules for the currency exchange.
What can you do when you think you've made a mistake?
You must always check whether you entered the correct information for the person that you want before you pay a payment. vornimmst
It is always a good idea, an appropriation of a small amount (Testzahlung e.g. € 1 to make) in order to ensure that the account, which you have, are correct.
That's in the following thinking:
Make you, that you know, to the person you. keep a payment
If someone to approach you and asks you, we a payment to him to do, but you're not certain about who they are or what payment is, you may be the victim of fraud.
Contacts you in the revolut correspond to the name and telephone number app will see you on your own phone stored.
The names and numbers are not by us or other persons review.
This means that if you the wrong number or the false name on your phone, you have saved the wrong person and pay your can lose money.
The username that you in the app can see, similar to other revolut username appearance and individual users can be amended.
Inappropriate we take steps to remove, but these are user username not by us or anyone else review.
That is, if you're not certain that the person is best placed to she claims to be the wrong person, you can pay your money and lose.
We are not responsible, if we make a payment to the person that you call us, even if you are accidentally the wrong, wrong username or the account number fake phone number gave.
If you just ask, let us, however, your money for you back.
We can also try to get information on the beneficiaries, so that you can get the money back, even try (if the law allows us.
As we try to guarantee that we do not we succeed; in some cases, we can not.
What do we do when we or anybody else have made a mistake?
If payment by another person accidentally on your, you have to repay the money deposited Revolut-konto.
If the person who has made a legal right to payment mistakenly reimbursement claims we need your data may be with her share.
Therefore you have your account regularly review to ensure that everything is in order.
16 sending and receiving payments by Zahlungslink
Money you can send to friends, not by you a " Zahlungslink Revolut-konto " einrichtest.
Zahlungslink you can agree with a a certain amount to pay, without the data of the account to which the payment enter will be transferred.
Instead if you choose the amount and shared the link, and the receiver gives his account. and even
To klickst you on the " " of the app, tab payments give the amount, a revolut you want to send, " " and put up klickst Zahlungslink the link to the beneficiary.
Also you can establish a payments to receive and Zahlungslink this link to another person, send.
As soon as you have sent the link to your friend, it is by entering the relevant details Zahlungslink finish.
Zahlungslink put money if you over a must your friend in the link enter. his Bankkontodaten
Payment shall be made on his bank account, as if you then ourselves this information had entered app.
Sometimes your friend to the size or type of payment asked to complete the transaction. join revolut
As soon as he has done that, where payment is made upon his. Revolut-konto
Zahlungslink get, if you was on a must your friend his debit or within 24 hours in the link Kreditkartendaten enter.
Payment shall be made then on the map.
We may, for the amounts you using a request can fix what limits Zahlungslinks you in the app is displayed.
Sometimes we have to ask your friend for other reasons, to open a payment before he Revolut-konto can receive.
If he not in time, we can payment to opened Revolut-konto him and has not working.
All Zahlungslinks have a deadline.
Then is the link from, and your friend, the payment to you and you can not afford to receive no payment.
We agree with you in the app of the deadline of link, if it erstellst.
Remember that you, if you make money to send, Zahlungslink erstellst approve, a payment to make, without even the account input.
Payment shall be made to the information contained in the link be entered.
Make sure you'll be careful where you a link square, and with whom.
If you, for example, a link " send money " with your friend on the now, could somebody else on the Social-media-profil link and the money claim click.
If you're worried about one of you, you can do it produced Zahlungslink before the deadline) on the in the app. Transaktionsverlauf cancel
17 exchange rate which is used?
Other our fee you find on our. Gebührenübersicht
Our Live-wechselkurs will you in the revolut. app indicated
All Plus-nutzer standard and can each month a certain amount at this price change, please.
Of amount fixed depends upon your base currency and is in our Gebührenübersicht below.
Plus-nutzer standard and carrying more than this amount, pay a fee for fair use exchange (premium and this fee is not). figures Metal-kunden
Currency converted as soon as we have your shows in the app our Transaktionsverlauf revolut. exchange rate used
The exchange rate may be different from date on which you us that you want the currency exchange mitteilst, until the date on which we actually do the conversion, change.
This means that you give us to exchange a currency, a higher or lower amount regain ask forgiveness for them, from the can you expect.
We take no responsibility in the following cases: if you by the conversion, or if you lose money fees charged to, or you lose money, because your Revolut-karte in another country and you do the trader (or the bank of the trader), the conversion shall be made. (ask
Imagine, for example, before, you're a lithuanian customer in japan is on its way.
If you pay your bill in a restaurant, would you agree, in euros rather than yen to pay.
This means that the bank of the retailer asked you, the currency exchange.
We can not be responsible if the bank a worse or you fees calculated) exchange rate applies
18 i can a payment or a currency exchange cancel?
Payment you can (also a regular payment as standing instruction or at any time by the end of the sepa direct debit from your account of working days before maturity late payment cancel.
You can no longer one of your account on the day of maturity the payment cancel.
That means that not cancel them. transfers between Revolut-konten
You can also not as soon as we your question on currency exchange cancel its implementation have received.
A transfer can easily be cancelled.
You can a transfer on the revolut. app cancel
19 how long will it take before a paid?
We are well aware that one of the main things in making a payment is that the payee is them in time.
When money is his bank, depends on when you ask us, the payment, and in what currency this should be done.
Hereinafter says that when we make payments.
Please note that all time in these general terms and conditions on the british are based, i.e. at the time zone greenwich mean time (gmt) from october to march, and on the british summer time (bst) from march to october.
Sofortüberweisung Revolut-konto to:
You can give your money order, and we receive it at any time submit immediately.
Payment to the bank account to another person.
Your issues before 1 p.m. if you (or 3:00 in vilnius) to a working day, we get them right away. einreichst
Your issues after 1 p.m. when (or 3:00 in vilnius) to a working day, we get them the next einreichst working day.
Your Zahlungsanweisung if you in one day, not a working day is obtained einreichst it on the next working day.
Transfer to a bank account by Zahlungslink:
You can give your money order, and we receive it at any time submit, if the person who you want to pay their bank details to (so long as it within 24 hours after your sending the does). Zahlungslinks
Payment to a bank account at a later date (e.g. by standing order):
You can give your money order on the same and we are at any time submit working day (if the payment from your account is at a working day) or at the next working day (if the payment from your account in one day, a working day is completed).
The following are the dates set out to which we payments in different currencies.
Your payment if the currency is € £:
Having payment of your account, it will have on the same working day debited to the account of the payee's them.
Your currency when the payment a currency other than € £, to a bank account in the eea (not in the united kingdom):
Having payment of your account, it will be up to four have debited working days later on the account of the payee them.
Your currency when the payment a currency other than € £, to a bank account outside the eea:
Having payment of your account is debited them as fast as we can, to which the payment to transfer account of the payee.
How long it would take depends on where the bank is your payee.
If you ask us to carry out that you get a currency exchange electronic money immediately. 27
. When we reject a payment or delay
Under the following conditions, we must reject a payment or delay (including incoming payments): or outgoing
If legal or us to prevent or payment in existence mean that we must carry out further checks
If you in a way against the general terms and conditions, which we have are reasonably assume that justifies us to reject or delay your payment
Once processing your command against these general terms and conditions; or your command, not all information contains that we need to obtain the payment properly;
Where the amount is higher than for your account limit is valid, or you'd let this exceed.
Speeds are listed here.
If your account is not sufficiently covered in order to make the payment and all costs
If a against you or you will be made a filing for bankruptcy individual voluntary agreement with your creditors met
If we, even after we have done everything possible, the payment is not in time can make
If us to payment from third party (e.g. when a visa or mastercard payment or not allow); with your cash withdrawal Revolut-karte
Around important information when we have asked that we need, and we do not reasonably you gave
If we have your account closed
We can also refuse to issue a new, if you don't have enough money Revolut-karte on your account, so that we have to issue the card to pay or delivery.
If we refuse to carry out a payment, we will always (unless this would be unlawful or technically impossible for us to take you on this rejection, the reasons for this rejection (if possible) and the procedure for factual errors to remedy this refusal to inform.
Such notification shall be you as soon as possible after the rejection served.
We shall, if possible, the use to tell you revolut app that we refused to a payment to make.
If you want to know why we have rejected the payment and what you can do in order to resolve a problem, please call us on the app.
We are not liable for losses that it causes you that we reject a payment or delay.
21 Drittgebühren to provide or receive payments
No charge for receiving we calculate payments.
We calculate also did not pay for sending local payments in your committee.
Payment if you in another currency or in another country, we can charge a fee for cross-border durchführst or calculate. Swift-zahlungen
The relevant fees do you in our. Gebührenübersicht
We shall have you in any case in the app on these charges out and you revolut its level before you tell a payment. vornimmst
Others banks, for example, the bank of the person, you get me or news agency (banks, or certain Zwischenbanken you help the money between other banks to transfer), can sometimes their fees from the payment made you put or are about to receive.
This could mean that you or the person who you pay, less than expected.
Found get you by somebody who you get 90 € € 100 because the bank has sent the other person a fee of € 10 calculated.
This can happen if
The bank of the person to whom you a payment or the payment should send you get, within the eea, and the payment in a currency is not the currency of an eea country, or
You a payment to someone or get whose bank do outside the eea.
To clarify once again: we calculate the yourself any fee for the implementation or the receipt of payments.
We give you the full amount, which we always by another bank received.
Also, we are sending the full amount that you always, but we can ask us to send not guarantee that the full amount in the account the other person without a fee of enters into another bank recovered.
What happens if something goes wrong?
22 what happens when someone money from my account is?
Inform us as soon as possible on the app (no later than 13 months revolut after the date on which the money from your account was debited).
We pay the money in your account back when one of the following applies:
You didn't know that for your safety data or the risk of stock to be abused Revolut-karte.
Payment is takes place because someone who is our responsibility, made a mistake.
Payment was made after you had told us that someone your safety data or is lost or knew your Revolut-karte was taken, or we do give you any choice, to tell us.
Law obliges us to you to make certain instructions to follow, if you ask us, to make the payment, and we have not done so.
You've got a payment for certain goods or services to pay you the online or otherwise without personal contact bought (there are some types of contracts, where this does not apply, such as possibly contracts, but we can rental accommodation more information about you, if you give us about the problem). informierst
We you won't have all the costs that you on account of your return account amount have been created. entwendeten
We won't be money, if you have or fraudulent action) above if you or your negligence or deliberately kept did not ensure safety Revolut-karte (unless you have informed us of this before the payment of your account was debited).
Reimbursement make, for example, if we did not, if you someone's pin your gave and he without your knowledge Revolut-karte a payment with your card made.
. When we your account or your could block Revolut-karte
The safety of your money is important to us.
It may be that you prevent payments from your account or with your to make, if we are reasonably Revolut-karte to their safety or about ensuring that fraudulent or you without your permission to be used.
May we have your account or your to our legal obligations Revolut-karte lock, resulting from the right of the republic of lithuania operators.
We will call you on the app-either in advance or revolut as soon as possible after we your or your blocked. revolut app Revolut-karte
We shall have you also of the reasons for our actions tell (unless it would endanger safety or your or our). it would be illegal
Your account we shall as soon as the reasons for blocking unlock your account is no longer applicable.
. Under what conditions does my account blocked or closed?
In exceptional cases we can your account closed immediately or block (including access to each of the other entities of the services provided and access to your Revolut-gruppe end our website.
In exceptional circumstances include the following:
If good reason to believe that you are criminal, fraudulent or otherwise
Us if you (or someone who is on our behalf) information necessary, or we cause deprived have to believe that you are not true or false information provided
You regularly or seriously against the general terms and conditions and you have the breach committed within a reasonable time, after you have addressed have asked;
If good reason to believe that your use of the app for us or our software, revolut systems or hardware is harmful.
If good reason to believe that your further use of the damage to our reputation or reduce our Revolut-kontos commercial value could
If we asked you have the money you owe us, and to you this is not within a reasonable time did
When you declared bankrupt were
When we hit a action under all laws, regulations, judicial resolutions or instructions are forced an ombudsman
We can also decide your account for other reasons to close or blocked.
In this case we would you at least 60 working days advance on the app. revolut contact
By closure and the end of your contract with your Revolut-kontos us can also all other treaties that you with us or against us met, to an end.
More detailed information, you get on the app, or by you directly with revolut us in conjunction is.
Flexible terms and conditions.
They only general terms and conditions for the following reasons: change if we think that the conditions by changing or useful for you; so clearly the way reflect, as our business, especially if the change is managed with a change in the manner required as a financial system or a technology, is provided; for us in the legal or regulatory requirements; changes in relation to the costs for the management of our business to reflect, because we amend or introduce new services or products, services or products to our existing terms and conditions by this fall.
Information on changes
If we add a new product or a new service which the existing general terms and conditions to your account does not change, we are assuming have may immediately and tell you before you the product or service benefits.
Otherwise we share you the change at least two months in advance of the app before we make revolut.
We assume that you agree with the amendment, unless you shared with us that your close account want, before the change comes into force.
26 Rückerstattungsansprüche with your for payments and for direct debits Revolut-karte
Payments with Revolut-karte
Reimbursement you can of us one of your account, if all the following points deducted amount require apply:
You agreed that a payment can be made, but not in terms of the effective amount of Zahlbetrags.
The abgebuchte amount is higher than you in all circumstances (including reasonably have expected. your Ausgabeverhaltens)
Your payee is in the eea.
You're the payment is not directly with us authorised.
Neither we nor the by you have paid four weeks before you in the person of debit any information about the payment there.
You ask us within eight weeks following from your account to the reimbursement. Zahlungsabbuchung
Reimbursement received, for example, could you, if you have a hotel granting approval with all of your Revolut-karte to burden you the hotel mini-bar consumed but more money than you reasonably calculated has had at the time when you can expect him permission to do have issued.
Purpose of the study of the issue, we can ask you for further information.
We give you within 10 working days of the date on which you gave us our information requested a refund or parts to you that i think this is not secured.
Direct debits
Payment per if you have made, the above sepa direct debit facts not be considered.
You entitlement to a refund if you within our unconditional eight weeks after the date on which the payment of your account was debited contact.
Cancellation of refunds
You reimbursement if we give and then say that you had no right to, you have to us with the amount reimbursed to.
27 where responsibility if something with my account, or the app goes wrong? my Revolut-karte revolut
We shall, as far as possible to ensure that our services are not interrupted and with reasonable speed are accessible.
But we can not entirely that it is always the case, or that the services are sound.
We are also dependent on some services provided by third parties for you, which sometimes affect their our services can lead.
We will always do our best to all the problems with our services to solve, irrespective of the cause.
A Revolut-karte if you did, we will you of any changes to our system to inform your ways to use the card.
Liable losses for the following reasons we do not support to the fact that our commitment to and disbursed to your account do not meet: pursuant to a legal or regulatory requirement; unforeseen events outside our control and were at that time were inevitable, criminal or other unlawful acts by third parties to damage for you or any other person lead (if not in these general conditions of sale directly listed), or due to a suspension of your account with the transposition requirements, including those in relation to the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing.
Your Revolut-karte if for some reason, we can not use to you only for the exchange of this card responsible.
We shall be liable only for foreseeable losses.
Treaty liable if we do not respect the loss, we had at the time of purchase, or for the loss, able to foresee the result from a fraud or serious negligence on our part is.
We are not to you, either directly or indirectly responsible for the following points, in connection with these general terms and conditions shown: loss of income or profit; reduction of or injury, loss of reputation of your Geschäftswerts or expected savings opportunities; loss; Geschäftsverträgen sequelae.
No provision in these general conditions limited or includes our liability for death or injury, which are due to negligence or fraud on our part or fraudulent claims and information.
28 us as you owe money could
Yourself money on your account (e.g. by you lend the payments over the value of the contained in it, and you may keep money) from one of our benefit could definitely. Kreditprodukte
Negative slips if your balance (for example, because you don't enough to fees to cover electronic money has the you owe us), you must within seven seven days after our request this the amount needed to your account, to the negative balance in balance.
Us if you owe money, we can the amount you owe us, each amount that we have to pay you off.
We call this our Aufrechnungsrecht.
Payment of fees or other sums which you owe us (except for the implementation or the preservation of Drittgebühren payments)
Fees you may have to pay us are on the side with our fee schedule below.
Fees Drittgebühren (except if you're for the implementation or receiving payments) or any other amount, the amount we take owe you owe us, in the currency of the country in which you live (your), from your account. "
If on your account not enough money in your base currency, take the value from the money you in another currency are in the account.
If you don't have enough money on your account to fees or other amounts to pay, you owe us, we can ask the amount in other ways as described below.
May you for the payment of taxes or costs, which we do not even responsible and you must move the you on your account payments incurred or get. put
In some cases, such as when you have your residence in the republic of ireland have or money to a cash in the republic of ireland, we have the corresponding amount to a cut to the stamp duty by the irish tax authorities required legal rise. maximum
Please check such situations so yourself by all means.
Us money if you owe your account not within seven days or the amount we can auflädst zurückzahlst the amount as follows recover:
By taking the amount you owe us, of your card; stored move
By giving our right to make use or settlement
By making other legal steps in order to the money you owe us, recover, such as the commissioning of lawyers or Inkassounternehmen.
We (or all) of these steps, we can carry out our cost you take into account.
29 when did you possibly losses liable?
You can do us to certain losses be liable.
You touch that general terms and conditions and so hurt a loss:
Losses for all you'll answer to us by your act (we will try to suffer losses to minimise); and
You are all reasonable for the losses due to our liable costs.
File a complaint.
Our service if you are not satisfied, we shall try, the disputed points in order.
We are our best, but we also know that sometimes something goes wrong.
If you have a complaint, you can get in touch with us at any time.
Any complaint that we are you with us, accept and edit einreichst
You get within 15 working days of the submission your complaint and in exceptional cases within 35 working days (in such a case, we will tell you our final answer to your separately) complaint or a letter explaining the reasons why the definitive answer has not been completed.
Out-of-court dispute resolution entity for complaints relating to financial services
If you with the way, as we have dealt with your complaint, you can go within this unhappy 1 (a) year after the date on which your complaint to us have submitted to the bank of lithuania pass.
In this case is the bank of lithuania as that deal with out-of-court dispute resolution entity disputes between consumers and financial service providers concerned.
Žalgirio address is: 90, vilnius, g. 09303 republic of lithuania.
You find further information on the body.
Please note: if you turn to the bank of lithuania as extrajudicial dispute resolution entity, you've got your complaint would apply within 3 (3) months from the date on which you of the alleged violations of your rights or legitimate interests because of your agreement with us found out or should have known in our table.
The examination of the complaint to the bank of lithuania is free.
Out-of-court body for the responsibilities of the bank, which is not Verbraucherstreitfälle is the state of lithuania concerning consumer rights protection authority.
His address is: vilniaus str.
25 01402,, vilnius, republic of lithuania.
You find further information on the body.
Yourself to the legal professions in which the consumer protection Ewr-landes you're alive.
You can also a complaint with the respective in your country by out-of-court dispute resolution entities related to those of us provided consumer complaints financial services receive.
The list of these authorities find you here.
Out-of-court dispute resolution entity for complaints relating to the processing of personal data
You have the right, a complaint to the state (), the lithuanian Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde SDPI supervisory authority, submit. data protection issues
His address is: l. Sapiegos str.
17 10312, vilnius, republic of lithuania; e-mail: ada @ ada.lt.
You find further information on the body.
Further information
Click here to further information on our maintained. Beschwerdemanagement
File a complaint
If only you with someone speak about a problem would that you worried us please contact on the revolut app.
Usually matters we can quickly on the app do.
Probably require information listed below from you.
Vorziehst if you do, do you know your complaint with this form of taxation.
Or you can send us an email to @ revolut.com formalcomplaints.
We need this to you:
Surname and first name
Telephone and e-mail address, with your account to
Problem statement
The date on which the issue has arisen and
Your idea of how the matter we can bring some order.
We have to make your complaint to and will check out at you by e-mail.
If we tell you any different, we will be in english with you communicate.
Independently of the above rules do you have the right to be at all times in relation to our complaints about services to the above address. out-of-court dispute resolution entity
You have the right to a competent court to call you if you believe that we are against the law.
Legal advice
31 permission to your personal data processing
To services in the framework of the treaty to provide information about you, we need it.
Datenschutzgesetz according to the, we called for your personal data. Datenverantwortliche
Further information about how we use your personal data, you will find in our data protection directives.
Erteilst you with the conclusion of the agreement us leave, personal data to collect and store to get our services to make available.
The rights and obligations which you or we shall not be affected from data protection reasons,.
You can give your consent by your account includes withdrawn, whereby the treaty between you and us is to be lifted.
If you do this, we will be your data no longer for the provision of services, but we must use our your data may keep from other legal reasons.
Confidentiality
By concluding this agreement you us permission to other erteilst entities within the (including the bank and uab Revolut-gruppe revolut. the following information to disclose: revolut ltd
The fact that you're our client;
Services, which we have available.
The account number;
Your balance (), or your balances
Processes in thy name or have been carried out;
Your debt to us.
The circumstances of the provision of financial services for you.
Your financial situation and your assets;
Other commercial information you us at the opening of the account made available did; and
Your subscriptions, activities or transactions to persons other debt.
The above information is disclosed, if it for financial accounting, auditing, or the use of common information systems or risk assessment (server) is required, technical equipment or whenever necessary for the provision of services.
All of the above points we call " ', which we in accordance with applicable Kundengeheimnis rules must protect.
By conclusion of the agreement and you understand that, if thou speakest bestätigst settings in the revolut haven't changed, other app, which you in your contact list Revolut-nutzer, will know that you have entered our client are.
You can always change your settings.
Our intellectual property.
All the intellectual property of our products (e.g. the substance of our app and on our website, our logo and our) is owned by our parent Kartendesigns ltd (a revolut in england and wales, with the registered company with a registered address in Unternehmensnummer 08804411 7 westferry circus, canary wharf, london, e14, great britain), and is of us 4hd and other companies in the Revolut-gruppe used.
You must not use this intellectual property than your own, except for the use of our products.
You must also not our products by reverse engineering (i.e. they, after an in-depth rückentwickeln review of its design or composition reproduce).
33 legal advice
Our treaty with you
The rights from the contract is exclusively with you and us.
The treaty is personal, and you can any rights or obligations on this neuron.
The transmission and Abtretungsrechte
You don't mind us, all our rights and obligations under those general conditions of sale to third parties to transfer or producers.
We transmit your and our rights and obligations under this treaty only if there is no significant negative impact on your rights under these general terms and conditions, or it is required to legal or regulatory requirements are complied with.
When we transfer rights and obligations we call it " novation. "
Only if we, we call it " transfer rights transferred. "
Your E-geld-konto you can after the notification of the assignment to resign.
Lithuanian is right
General terms and conditions for this and the agreement apply the laws of the republic of lithuania.
You can still continue to the legal professions in the consumer protection provisions of an eea country you're alive.
It is the english version of the treaty
If these general conditions in another language, is the only translation as a reference and it is the english version.
By concluding this agreement and the adoption of you to make the english Revolut-dienstleistungen bestätigst understand and agree with language, in the english language to communicate, where revolut it concerns legal relations of this agreement, including in relation to the submission and settlement of complaints.
Our right to enforce the treaty
The treaty between you and us if you broke and our rights or not prevail when we allow time is we do not enforce prevent these or other rights at a later date.
Take legal action against us
Legal action under this general terms and conditions can only in the courts of the republic of lithuania (or in the courts of a member state of the eu, in which you are located) be taken.
Addition to the terms and conditions for retail payments of revolut uab
1 what this supplement is
This is an addition (supplementing) on the retail, which you with us conditions have agreed, with reference to your of retail (your E-geld-konto revolut. e-money accounts
This addition is, if you were in a bank (uab revolut Sichteinlagenkonto bank) donating. revolut
They regulates how money between your with us and with your Sichteinlagenkonto e-money accounts will be sent. revolut bank
Your Sichteinlagenkonto in bank itself separated from the revolut Sichteinlagenbedingungen bank. revolut
Supplement " means that this document the terms " you retail have agreed with us, but they supplemented changes.
This addition shall enter into force as soon as they leave your was accepted.
Your described in that we can not provide services, if you don't accept.
Revolut payments we are in the republic of lithuania uab, with the firm and registered office is in konstitucijos Unternehmensnummer 304940980 ave.
21b 08130, vilnius, republic of lithuania (revolut. payments
We possess an authorisation of the bank of lithuania for the issuance of e-money and the provision of payment services.
The bank of lithuania is the central bank and financial supervisory authority of the republic of lithuania.
Your address is gedimino ave.
6 01103, vilnius, republic of lithuania, and its website is your phone number is + 370 www.lb.lt 800 50 500.
A credit card if you has, this supplement and not does not affect the activities, with a sub-account of your Revolut-e-geld-kontos is linked in accordance with the credit card (if any) has been issued. Kreditkartenbedingungen
Kreditkartenbedingungen is in line with the balance in such a your, your Sichteinlagenkontos balances sub-account Revolut-e-geld-kontos separately.
Put money, pay off and add.
This section specifies how your money automatically between your in your bank and Sichteinlagenkonto revolut when a payment of e-money accounts referred to and your is carried out on your E-geld-konto e-money accounts (except for payments in your or from your bank. in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut
What happens to my existing money?
This addition if you and you accept in, we pay the existing donating revolut bank balances in payments to your revolut of your E-geld-kontos in revolut. Sichteinlagenkonto bank
This means that you us through the acceptance of this supplement instructs the existing balances of your on your bank in E-geld-kontos Sichteinlagenkonto, as in this transfer revolut supplement described.
What happens if i get a payment?
Every time you or anybody else's money in your sends it'll be your e-money accounts for bank transfer. Sichteinlagenkonto revolut
This includes all payments (as in your section 12 of the conditions described retail.
We these transfers as soon as possible (and as close as possible to immediately, as we can carry out).
This means that money always temporary in your is kept. e-money accounts
This means that you us through the acceptance of this supplement instructs from your on your payments for bank set up Sichteinlagenkonto e-money accounts, as in this supplement revolut described.
Sichteinlagenkonto money in your bank shall be sent in revolut kept, in accordance with the bank revolut Sichteinlagenbedingungen you with bank agreed did. revolut
This money is not of us held (except while temporarily your). through e-money accounts
What happens if i send money or a payment noble?
Whenever you put money on the app (e.g. on a revolut bank account with a bank), a fee for the other (e.g. a monthly fee Revolut-dienstleistung pay for metal or a) or any kind of insurance premium payment with (e.g., a direct debit, revolut durchführst a), or on other payment channels Zahlungslink to us, you immediately at bank to send in Abbuchungsanfrage revolut a sum of money from your is equal to the amount requested Sichteinlagenkonto whom you need for your payment.
After Sichteinlagenkonto, the requested amount from your on your was sent, we will immediately you E-geld-konto electronic money and then in accordance with the terms and conditions for issuing private customers immediately to the beneficiaries pay.
Payment whenever you with your, you know, to us Revolut-karte tätigst immediately to a bank to send in Abbuchungsanfrage revolut a sum of money from your is equal to the amount requested Sichteinlagenkonto whom you need for your payment.
After Sichteinlagenkonto, the requested amount from your on your was sent, we will immediately you E-geld-konto e-money. "
But is this money for a short time in your remain until it reached the e-money accounts is paid. Kartensystem
Since you already have the money spent, you won't for another edition is available.
It's so: if you put your money or spend shall have a very limited time at your after it in your introduction E-geld-konto bank has left and to Sichteinlagenkonto revolut it is paid.
What happens if i add money?
Money you can continue to add, as in section 12 of the terms and conditions for private customers described.
Every time you do this, we are treating it as any other amount of money in your account will be sent, as in the section " what happens if i get a payment?
Described above.
You can continue to the in section 12 of the conditions for automatically add function described for private customers use money.
Whenever reminded the " balance in bank in the amount of your Sichteinlagenkontos revolut subject to the will be treated normally you have set your money automatically added. (account
What erinnerter " is your " balance in section 3 below).)
What happens if i a conversion of noble?
If you're in the app, carry out a revolut invite you know us, foreign exchange services immediately to bank to send in Abbuchungsanfrage revolut of a sum of money from your is equal to the amount requested Sichteinlagenkonto whom you for your conversion need.
After Sichteinlagenkonto, the requested amount from your of your was sent, we will immediately you E-geld-konto money issue exchange in your conduct and then exchanged amount e-money accounts back to your address. bank in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut
This means that you us through the acceptance of this supplement, the amount of exchanged tells your bank to send, as in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut in this supplement described.
Vornimmst a if you a payment in accordance with the terms and conditions for private customers (causing currency exchange if you, for example, something in a shop with your in buying, but only £ Revolut-karte € in your did), to make the Sichteinlagenkonto through as soon as the money from your currency exchange and comes before you in your Sichteinlagenkonto e-money accounts the payment to business vornimmst.
What information and my balance? Transaktionsverlauf
We keep an overview of all the money from your bank and your sent in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut. e-money accounts
Based on this information " " we remind you to the balance of your bank. in Sichteinlagenkontos revolut
The balance that we have in the show, the total amount of revolut app " reminded " balance on your bank and all available in revolut Sichteinlagenkonto balances on your e-money accounts.
We use this balance, because these two amounts together you represent the total amount can spend.
This is also the balance that we on our " open " report if you a banking -api licensed for access to your account Drittanbieter do.
To ensure that we have accurate information show, would you agree that we have the right to information about your bank to obtain (including of Sichteinlagenkonto revolut of all information on the restrictions of your close or reasons). Sichteinlagenkontos
You but also that we the same information on your bank must. send to revolut e-money accounts
The Transaktionsverlauf in your displayed includes all payments revolut app, which you have made and received.
To things a little easier to keep, we show you in your not automatic transactions between your Transaktionsverlauf and included in section Sichteinlagenkonto E-geld-konto 2 are described.
This information is instead displayed. in your Transaktionsauszügen
€ 5, for example, if you and your in a store, you see spend Revolut-karte in your business, but not in the shopping Transaktionsverlauf the automatic operation of your on your with which the Sichteinlagenkonto e-money accounts was made possible shopping.
An extract from the automatic you can request, but the transactions in our acceptance of this supplement do you you agree that these transactions were on the in the app or through Transaktionsverlaufsbildschirm revolut. Push-benachrichtigungen
. When this addition could end?
What happens if i don't have? bank in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut
This addition is an agreement on how money between your in your bank and in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut revolut payments is in motion. e-money accounts
Sichteinlagenkonto if you ain't, we can these services is not for you '.
If your bank is closed, ends in Sichteinlagenkonto revolut this addition too.
Remaining retail conditions will continue to remain in force and we will continue our services for you in line with this '.
What happens if i want to end this addition?
This addition if you quit, but your keep, parts we want e-money accounts on the revolut. app
We need 10 working days for this notice termination.
As soon as it has been concluded, shall continue to be retail and we will continue our services terms and conditions for you in accordance with these '.
