Conditions
Last updated: february 2020
Who are we?
Skyscanner (" us, " " we " or " our "-referred to is for travel (including price comparisons for Onlinesuchen, hotels and rental car) and other flights (the " services ") on travel arrangements our websites, and other platforms (the " apps platforms. ") for travellers worldwide
Skyscanner agency is not responsible for the provision, and not setting or price control for any or products under which they may Reiseoptionen are they on our services and buchen (" "), the third travel products
All Reiseprodukte by independent third parties shall travel agencies, airlines, tour operators, hotels or other third (" ") and are subject to the provided Reiseanbieter general terms and conditions of this third.
Our services and platforms are limited, a private company with Skyscanner limited liability, which in england and wales under the registered provided. Unternehmensnummer 04217916
Other units, which directly or indirectly, to regulate Skyscanner of be regulated or are connected with Skyscanner will be in the present Skyscanner as " too in companies ' commercial conditions '. Skyscanner
Further information, including postal address and registered headquarters, may be found on our business side.
The terms and conditions
These general terms and conditions (" "), together with our regulate conditions, we and our their data protection directive Cookie-richtlinie and their use of our services access Community-richtlinien and platforms.
By access to or the use of Skyscanner-services or confirm that these conditions Skyscanner-plattformen have read and understood and you as well as the conditions of, and the data protection directive Cookie-richtlinie agree. Community-richtlinien
Some of the services and platforms (for example, our " " killing their use of these products) Skyscanner-for-business services other terms and conditions.
In these cases, they are clearly indicated and apply this instead, together with the terms and conditions or this commercial conditions.
These conditions we can at any time and at their own discretion to change.
They should be amended, then we will publish the terms and conditions as general conditions and we assume that they have accepted if any changes our services or platforms to display the changes continue to use.
They should not all of these, do our services or accept conditions platforms shall not be used
The use of our services
Do our services and platforms in cunent law and for legitimate reasons exclusively benefit.
If you agree to this and we grant you the terms and conditions, not exclusive license to download, transferable access to and the use of our services and platforms, not only for private commercial and no other purposes.
We give them this licence under the condition that they agree to refrain from the following points:
Use our services or platforms for purposes which are not legal or abused or that publish or upload materials that parts: (i), insulting or defamatory otherwise indecent obscene; (ii) to the confidentiality and privacy or the rights of third parties are, including copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights; (iii) for the purpose of advertising or promotion of their lives or third published, divided, or be transferred or (iv) misleading or incorrect to their identity are beings or in any way indicate that they are financed or with the company in Skyscanner associated; or (v) for which they have no rights or otherwise, must be submitted and licences
Use our services or platforms for any commercial purpose or in a way that the damage or discredit could Skyscanner Skyscanner;
Disassembly regression, or any other type of software, applications, updates or decompilation hardware in our services or platforms and is available as to integrated unless legally admissible;
Reproduction, distribution, communication to the public, selling, renting, award or other use of our services or platforms or attempt to injury or circumvent security measures which have been used for their access to or their use our services or platforms to limit;
Use disorder or our services or in a way, our systems the platforms or the security override, overloading, damage, affect or prejudice or other users might upset.
Introduction or transfer of destructive or harmful codes, viruses, trojans, worms or " or " or " Denial-of-service spam ' on our services or platforms; or -angriffen
Distance modification or replacement of out to author, trademarks, name, logos and other services or platforms or expenditure on our Herkunftskennzeichen or attempt to issue our services or platforms as the product of a person other than Skyscanner.
Vote next, no unauthorized, automatic software, bots, or other spiders Software-agenten software or applications to use to our services or data contained in these platforms or scanning, copying, sorting, or otherwise exploit indexieren.
Skyscanner has made substantial investments in order to travel data to collect, process and thousands of providers presented, and provides access to travel data on a commercial Api-basis.
Is any breach of this provision as a significant breach of the current terms and conditions and reserves the right to technical Skyscanner or legal measures to take visitors to our services and unauthorised, automated platforms to seek out and only.
If they are for our services or platforms on or in an account login password Login-daten, they are responsible for the password and the confidential and safely Login-daten.
Learn or for any reason the presumption that the safety of their Login-daten is no longer assured, please inform our customer service immediately.
Our services and platforms are not for use by children under 16 determined and persons under the age of 16 years of age or over our services can not provide information or platforms.
We raise not aware of any personal data of children under 16 and if we find out we personal data of a child under 16 years we have received this collected or delete according to our data protection directive.
As part of our services or platforms on a website hosted is third (for example, facebook or any other social media website) and separate terms and conditions of this third website, do you agree that these are general terms and conditions, in addition to the present terms and conditions to be respected.
Parts of information with us
We take their privacy very seriously and work at any time in accordance with all applicable data protection laws.
They recognize that any personal data (as defined in our data protection directive) or through our services or pass of us according to our data protection directive platforms may be used.
You agree, to ensure that all of us, personal data are accurate and up-to-date sub-frontloaded and that they have all the necessary licences or authorizations have the, Einwilligungen will allow this information in accordance with such terms and conditions, and our data protection directive to use our Community-richtlinien.
You insofar as our services or allow platforms, images, video or other information or data with other (" " Skyscanner Skyscanner-nutzern to publish, upload) Nutzerinhalte to transfer or by any other kind, to make available, do you agree that:
You solely for the responsible you upload and Nutzerinhalt; and agree that they do not share what they do not permit or the right to share, and for which they are not the licence can be described in the following (2);
, Even if all intellectual property rights to exist, in their property or Nutzerinhalten owned and its licensee are entitled at any time, with other users to share their Nutzerinhalte do this and the company's Skyscanner Skyscanner, not exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, and unentgeltliches right on the hosting, übertragbares sublizenzierbares of use, electronic and other public display, reproduction, distribution, modification, adaptation, publication, translation and production of derived works from all such (in accordance with our Nutzerinhalt data protection directive), including for the purpose of advertising and marketing of our services and platforms.
Our counterparties, for example, and other companies to ensure that the Skyscanner's Nutzerinhalte may be displayed on their own websites.
Have control of the in the Nutzerinhalte Skyscanner-services and can at any moment, upload this licence by either the or delete. you Nutzerinhalte Skyscanner-konto
Nutzerinhalte shall be deleted within 48 hours away.
We do not for storage, for receiving, or the publication of their Nutzerinhalts requires Verfügbarmachung uploaded for the production of and it may be necessary their own are responsible; backup Nutzerinhalte
Proposals comments, if you, ideas, or other (" improvements ") to us feedback feedback pass us transferred the ownership of all in this feedback irrevocably contained intellectual property rights and recognise that we are for any purpose, according to our own feedback and use discretion and can share.
Feedback you can pass on to us by clicking on the " or " click to feedback Registerkarte shall apply. the customer service
Owned by Skyscanner
Unless otherwise in these described all terms and conditions of intellectual property rights, including copyright (including copyright, patents, trade marks or to computer software): the,,,, and Datenbank-rechten Design-rechten expertise in our services and platforms Handelsgeheimnissen Vertraulichkeitsrechten (in the " intellectual property rights '), the property of or to licensed. Skyscanner Skyscanner
They recognize that they have the use of the services or platforms or other property rights or not received, except by the demands on this limited licence which you on this commercial conditions is granted.
They recognize also that it is not allowed to them any services or access code, except this is with a platform specifically for this access licence).
Owned by persons other
We respect the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If they believe that their copyright by any content of our services, is being violated or platforms please send us a written news of this alleged violation of our legal department under legal @ skyscanner.net.
Alternatively us also in writing at the following postal address reached:
Skyscanner legal department
Quartermile one, 15 place, edinburgh, lauriston Eh3 9en
Your message should be in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act () include the following information, the DCMA help us alleged violations to examine and solve (is responsible for the): Rechtabteilung
Copyrighted work, the identification of copyright, in your opinion was injured.
Identification of the material, whose copyright, in your opinion, and was injured sufficient information to allow us these materials in our services to find (provision of url (s) of the materials is sufficient;
Sufficient contact information, so that is able, with them Skyscanner contact, for example, address, telephone number and, if any, an email address;
A statement that, after the believe that the good faith of his agent, not use contentious or the law authorized copyright owners;
Only for claims under the dmca also be is a declaration on your part necessary punished for and in which they made perjury confirm that the information contained in its statement and they are correct in the or the person who to copyright owners on behalf of the plot is authorised, including their real or Urheberrechtsinhabers electronic signature.
Price precision and disclaimer
The use of our services and is fully platform at their peril.
Strict guidelines for even if we with all tickets and providing Reisepartnern to price precision always do our best to ensure that the on or about our services and platforms and is currently shown content we can just reliability of content is guaranteed.
Equally Preisprognosen based on data that we our based on price trends of the past, but we can not guarantee either that our forecasts are correct.
We ask the services and platforms in available and reject any state explicitly guarantees terms and conditions and guarantees of any kind, whether explicitly or implies, including from the guaranteeing property, tacit and accuracy, and all Nichtverletzung marketability guarantees by, or performance of the contract implies are Handelssitten trade practices.
Legally insofar as it may, we are taking on no representation and do not guarantee that our services or platforms (a) exactly wholly or timely, (b) are always available, (c) their expectations or (d) safe or free from errors, malfunctions,., viruses or defective malware
Preisprognosen
Skyscanner provides you with forecasts for, if they are for the establishment of fares of reporting, decide.
Our Preisprognosen are our best estimate at the appropriate time, and are based on the data which we related to past trends have been gathered.
There is no guarantee that our forecasts will be available as correct and by third parties on how Preisgestaltungen already explained above.
They are free, our forecasts, but to have to trust and we will not guarantee its accuracy and accept no liability for inaccuracies or of indicative prices. Nichtverfügbarkeiten
Incur travel bookings via Skyscanner
Skyscanner agency is not and neither for the provision of the services or platforms on the Reiseoptionen shown, nor for the fixing or control the prices shown responsible.
All Reiseprodukte third which they about our services or platforms and / or find by independent book included. Reiseanbietern
Skyscanner facilitates their transaction in, but is not responsible for Reiseanbietern and does not accept responsibility in connection with these transactions.
The identity of the individual and to their current transaction Reiseanbieters general terms and conditions (" conditions of ") are you at the time of Reiseanbieters transaction and they must ensure that notified it fully read and understand, before they make transaction.
Reiseanbieters describe the conditions of what rights they have against the and explain to them the liability Reiseanbieter in case of failures.
You agree, all conditions of Reiseanbieters comply fully.
They recognize that violations of the conditions laid down for the cancellation of tickets, reservations or Reiseanbieters withdrawal of and other benefits as well as the creation of additional Vielfliegermeilen costs can lead.
Our platforms if you have used to within 24 hours of two or more products to book a flight (for example voyage related and which they separately but within Hotelbuchung 24 hours have made), this may lead to the transactions as related classified depending on travel services, where they are and of the applicable consumer protection laws.
If related drawn up, they didn't travel services the same level of consumer protection, as if you a flight and a hotel together through a single agent (and possibly of benefits had recorded for package holidays are would.
This means that they must rely that individual their services, and they no Reiseanbieter legal on the trader and a package is available to Organisators.
In case of bankruptcy of the provider of the related, the safeguards in accordance with the implementing decree to travel services package tours of the eu.
Restrictions and be covered by disclaimers
These conditions describe the full extent of the obligations and liabilities of in connection with our services and Skyscanner platforms.
Skyscanner assumes no responsibility for any agreements it with third parties due to their use of our services and platforms meeting (including all). Reiseanbieter
If you in a transaction or attempt to booking encounter problems, you recognise Skyscanner that they must solve this problem with the respective and that their only recourse Reiseanbieter in such circumstances, including all refunds by their and not with lies. Reiseanbieter Skyscanner
If our services and platforms, links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, they will be left contain just for your information.
We have no control over the content of these websites or resources and accept no responsibility for this or any losses or damages arising from its use would entail.
You may see promotional material, by third parties on our services and platforms was connected.
Advertisers each is solely for the content of his responsible and assumes no liability for advertising materials Skyscanner the content of the advertising materials, including inaccuracies therein, omissions or inaccuracies.
Maximum legally allowed to take we (together with our scope, managers, directors, staff representatives, providers and third partner enterprises) not accept responsibility for (a) any inaccuracies or in content, or omissions on our services and platforms will be shown, (b) force majeure, accidents, delays or any particular, punitive, exemplary, accidental or resulting indirect losses or damages of any kind (including lost profits or whether savings) of the treaty "), illicit activities (including negligence), or other, the strict liability them because of or in connection with their access to, or its use of the inability of the access to or the use of our services and platforms or their content available.
Under these conditions to legally allowed is our maximum overall, on the basis of liability towards them or in connection with these conditions or their access to or their use of, or access to the use of our inability or services and platforms is £ 100 (one hundred pounds sterling).
No provision in these conditions limited (a) our liability to death or physical injury by our negligence or fraudulent or our, (b) other Fehldarstellung use is made of the legal guarantees can not be excluded, or (c) their legal rights or does this.
Their liability to us
In accordance with the conditions, they against us for all those measures, procedures, costs, damages claims losses and expenditure (including responsible and us legal liability or to companies and all our leaders, Skyscanner, directors, staff and agents due to their use of our services and platforms or a related aspect of their use or a breach of such conditions may.
End
Skyscanner may at its discretion at any moment each with them in these circumstances, agreement concluded at the time of notification to you and / or, if they have their membership and a Login-konto access to your account stopped and all on our services Nutzerinhalte delete or platforms have uploaded.
Skyscanner may without any liability towards them their access and their use partly or completely, at any time and without prior warning, such as the stop working with user content. to prevent upload
General provisions
They recognize that their unauthorised use of our services or platforms to irreparable damage and injuries to and / or its related companies or Skyscanner licensees, for monetary compensation are inadequate, can lead to.
Thus have we and our related companies and / or licensees (if applicable) where such a unauthorized use the right in addition to any other available an immediate appeal, interim order enacted against them.
The Nicht-durchsetzbarkeit (whole or partial invalidity or any) provisions of these conditions does not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions (partly or entirely).
The total or partial provision that by a competent court as invalid or unenforceable is considered from these conditions will be away.
These conditions apply to you personally.
Do these conditions without the prior written consent for our part, wholly or partially delegate.
Such conditions shall the whole agreement between us and them, and put all previous conditions, provisions and rules for their use of our services agreements or platforms expire.
We react immediately, if there is evidence to are against these conditions are Nutzerinhalte.
Them from illegal activities know or suspect that illegal activities take place, please contact our customer service.
Any failure on our part in implementing these conditions shall not be considered waiving this restriction of the right, or as. these conditions subsequently
A person who is not a party of these conditions does not have the right to any provisions of these conditions.
Irrespective of the country from which they on our services or platforms or make use of it and in so far as legally permitted access shall be subject to these conditions and their use the laws of england and wales and they shall abide by the non-exclusive justice of the courts of england and wales in resolving any disputes which may arise due to these conditions.
If our services or platforms for commercial purposes or with an unauthorized use the computer program as above in the section on the use of our services described is banned, you must comply for all resulting disputes the sole jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales, but there is an existing agreement between different us who their use regulated.
Contact
Skyscanner if you want more information about or, as we have proposals need our services or platforms could improve, please contact our customer service.
Alternatively certainly at the address, 15 place, edinburgh lauriston Quartermile one, for the attention of the chief Eh3 9en legal officer. "
