Https: / / / / / en / terms policies.tinder.com intl
Conditions
Last revision 0.1.08.2020
Important changes in this version: we have for members residing in japan in our name mg japan services changed. (
A summary of our conditions for please go to summary of requirements.
Welcome to Tinder.
If you live in the european union, they are between them and: conditions
MTCH technology services limited (" technology ") MTCH
Wework charlemont exchange
Charlemont street
Dublin 2 d02 Vn88
Ireland
Japan if you live, the conditions of use between them and:
Mg gk (" japan japan services mg) 4f sumitomo Azabu Fudosan minato-ku, tokyo bldg 1-4-1 mita 108-0073 japan
When outside the european union and japan life, they are between them and conditions of use:
Match group, llc (" match group)
8750 north central expressway, suite 1400
Dallas, tx, usa 75231
The terms " us, " (" we, " " company " or " ") are depending on residence Tinder on technology, japan or group match mg MTCH.
1 adoption of the treaty on the conditions.
By creating a, be it with a mobile device Tinder-kontos, a mobile application or a computer (the ' service ') to sum up, they agreed to explain, (i) that conditions of use, (ii) the data protection directive, our, our mediation procedures (if Cookie-richtlinie this applies to you) and to the point of reference in, with each Sicherheitstipps this treaty is, as well as to (iii) all the conditions which they disclosed and which they have approved, if you additional functions, products or services that we buy as part of the service offer (" treaty '), to sum up, this to be bound.
If they do not all terms of the agreement and adopt with these not agree, we ask you not to use the service.
We have from time to time changes to this treaty and to the service.
We can, for various reasons, for example, or whether to make legislative changes, new functions or changes of legal requirements reflect. practices
The latest version of the treaty, within the limits of the service in the settings and on, and they should regularly posted gotinder.com read most up-to-date version.
The most recent version is always the version that applies.
If important changes include the changes their rights or obligations shall be it in an appropriate way on these amendments, for example by tell communications on the service or by e-mail.
If you continue to use the service after the changes to take effect, vote on the revised treaty.
2. right.
They must be aged 18 to an account on the service be able to use and create Tinder.
By creating a account and through the use of the service and ensure that they explain:
You a binding contract with Tinder, close
Them not to a people, is the from using the service under the laws of the united states, or any other jurisdiction is excluded, i.e. they force not on the list of the u.s. treasury is particularly marked nationals (specially designated nationals) be held or any other similar are subject to prohibition;
This treaty and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations; and
They never a or a crime or a crime (crossing), a similar scale of a crime committed by force or sexual crimes, and that they in no state, state or local as led. Sexualstraftäterregister sex offenders
. Your account.
To Tinder to use, you may feel with your login. Facebook-login
Entitle us, if you do in relation to the access to or the use of certain, including but not limited to Facebook-konto-informationen their public facebook account.
For further information on the information we collect from them and on the way, how we make use of it, take off our data protection directive immediately.
They are responsible for the credentials to authenticate to use confidential, and Tinder solely responsible for all activities under these credentials.
If you think that someone else can access your account has made, please contact us immediately on. our contact e-mail
Amendment 4 of the service and resignation.
Tinder has always sought to improve them extra service and to provide it functionalities as attractive and useful feel.
This means that we from time to time new or extensions and some functions remove table Produktfunktionen and, if these measures no significant impact on their rights and obligations, we must carry out this without them before informing.
Quite suspend service we can even, and we in this case in advance, provided we have contact, such as safety concerns attenuating circumstances, not prevent.
Your account at any time you can from every reason withdraw by the instructions under " settings " im dienst consequences.
But they have to when they use their on this account Drittanbieter-zahlungskonto In-app-käufe (for example, manage and google play), with additional itunes accounts to be avoided.
Tinder may terminate your account at any time without notice, we believe that they have committed against this treaty.
Upon such termination, they have not entitled to a refund.
Account if you, this was terminated unless the contract is terminated, the following provisions for them and continue to apply: section 4 section 5 Tinder and paragraphs 12 to 19.
5. security; their interactions with others members.
Although Tinder seeks to a respectful by functions as the, the Double-opt-in Nutzererfahrung communication between members only permitted if both together have shown interest, is to promote Tinder for the behaviour of members not inside or outside of the service responsible.
They agree, for all interactions with other members, in particular, if they are to be conservative to decide to outside the service to communicate or the members to take.
Also explain in its favour, to read and to follow from Sicherheitstipps Tinder before you the service benefits.
Finanzrelevanten you agree, no information (e.g. your credit card or) to other members and no reveal Bankkontodaten money by transfer or otherwise as a mail.
You alone are responsible for their interactions with other members.
You are aware that a review of the criminal past in its TINDER members carries out or otherwise of the past and background of its members stood.
TINDER is no representation or guarantees on the behaviour of the members.
6 rights granted them Tinder.
Tinder gives them a personal, non-transferable, global, exempted non-exclusive licence to, and not unterlizenzierbare widerrufliche access to the service and for its use.
This licence is for the purpose intended that the benefits of the service in the way benefits and enjoy, as intended by this treaty is permitted and Tinder.
Therefore explain agreed to refrain from, the following:
Service or in the service included content without our written consent for commercial purposes.
Copyrighted material, images, trade marks, trade names or other intellectual property, content or Dienstmarken information on on the the protected eigentumsrechtlich service can be accessed, without the prior written consent of Tinder, should be amended to copy works of derived to use them to produce or in any way to replicate.
To express or to give the impression that statements that they do, be supported. Tinder
Bots robots,,,,, / spider crawler Webseiten-such- or other manual or automatic Recherche-anwendungen Proxy- equipment or methods to use to the processes or the presentation of the service or its Navigationsstruktur content access, and search, in these " " to operate or data mining in any way to replicate or activity.
Service in a way to use the service or the server or with the related service networks affect disrupt or negative impact on these could have.
Viruses malignant or any other code or otherwise the safety of the service to upload.
Header to counterfeit or otherwise, to the origin of identifiers to manipulate on the transferred to conceal information service.
Parts of the service without the prior written approval of " " or " Tinder mirrors. " framen
Meta-tags codes, or other devices, a reference to the service (or contain or Tinder a brand, a; a badge, a logo or) to use of slogan Tinder persons for other purposes to other websites.
Service to change, adapt parts of our, to translate to sell unterzulizenzieren, to decrypt dekompilieren or zurückzuentwickeln make to cutting or otherwise other to do so.
Drittanwendungen with the service or the contents or information from other members interact, without our written consent to use or to develop.
Anwendungsprogrammierschnittstelle Tinder of the written consent to use without our access or to have them published.
The vulnerability of our service or of a system or network to investigate and check search.
Activities to encourage or to promote the against this treaty rejected.
The entity may carry out investigations and all available legal action in response to illegal and / or improper use of service enterprises, including the termination of their account.
Each software, which we will provide can automatically updates or other new functions, upgrades to download and install.
May manage these automatic on the settings of your device to adjust. downloads
7 rights they Tinder.
By create an account, give a global,,, Tinder transferable security right and the licence, unterlizenzierbares lizenzfreies information to which they have access to grant, to facebook, save to use hosten copying to to reproduce, to adapt, to deal with, to publish and disseminate to change.
It includes the information in the service posts, represent or otherwise upload make available (" "), or to other items together members together. transmission (" content
Tinders licence in respect of its content is, with the exception that nicht-exklusiv licence with regard to works, modified Tinders arising from the use of the service were produced exclusively.
Tinder would, for example, an exclusive licence to the service, in which their content screenshots are included.
Also authorize you, on your behalf Tinder in relation to the repeated by other members, use of its content or third taken to operate the service in order to prevent their content Tinder outside the service are used.
This includes explicitly, but not the obligation, rating notifications referred to in 17 u.s.c. (c) (3) § 512 (i.e. dmca Takedown notices) on your behalf, to send, when their content from third parties, collected and outside of the service used service.
Our license on their content is subject to their rights in law applicable (for example, legislation that personal data protection rules, as far as personal data in accordance with the regulations content of these laws) and contain merely serves the objective, the service to operate, to develop and improve and provide new services to explore and develop.
You agree that any content, in the service or the place we on their behalf at the service place, from other members can be considered the service or to visit him (e.g. participate in people who may be from other members is displayed). Tinder-inhalte
They agree that all the information it after the create your account, including the information transmit by your facebook account are transmitted, and that they are true and in truth have the right, the content in the service posts and the above-mentioned licence to grant. Tinder
They are aware and agree that we, in the context of any content, monitor and verify service posts.
Any content that we can in our sole discretion against this treaty are or the reputation of the service could damage, partly or wholly clear.
You agree, in communication with our respectful and to be friendly. Kundendienstmitarbeitern
If we consider that their behaviour towards our or other employees at any time Kundendienstmitarbeitern or insulting, sit we reserve the right to terminate your account with immediate effect.
In return, that allows them to service the Tinder use, do you explain agree that we, our related companies and our external partners advertising on the service place.
Make through the suggestions or in terms of our feedback of service to you agree that explain Tinder this feedback to any benefit and purposes Tinder can share, without providing them to compensate.
We observe that on their content and access Tinder Kontoinformationen may, when this and save the reveal is legally required by his contract with them points out, or in good faith that this access, the storage or disclosure by about a legitimate interest is: (i) a legal procedures to comply with; (ii) the treaty to enforce; (iii) to claims to react to any content against the rights of third parties); (iv) to their questions in customer service to respond; or (v) the rights, the ownership or the personal security of the company or any other person.
8 Community-regeln.
Using service do you explain agree to refrain from any of the following:
Service purposes, to use illegal or by this treaty.
The service for harmful or purposes shameful
Service to use Tinder harm
Community-richtlinien against our to violate the updated from time to time.
Spam to send money from other members to seek or this to deceive.
As another natural or legal person to or images by another person without their permission to post.
Mobben others to ", " attack, to intimidate stalken bother, bad to treat or to defame.
Content items, which the rights of a person or violate infringe them, including the,, copyright, trademarks or Öffentlichkeits- data protection of intellectual property rights or of contract law.
Content items that are sexually explicit or do hate speech, pornographic.
Content items that promoting violence or graphic or gratuitous violence. or nudity
Any content to items that racism, fanaticism, hate or injury of any kind against any group or individual support.
Passwords to any purpose or personal data for commercial or unlawful purposes by other members or the search personal data of other persons without the consent of relevant person to spread.
The account of another member to use an account with another member or to share more than one account measure.
Another account to be drawn up, when we already have denounced your account, unless you have our permission.
Tinder reserves the right to your account without a refund for any purchases to examine and / or to terminate this agreement did not comply, the service or in any way behaved abused, as inappropriate or illegal considered, including Tinder acts or communication, which take place within or outside the service.
Content. by other members.
Although Tinder reserves the right, content that against this treaty breach to examine and to remove such content, are the sole responsibility of the member which this posts, and can not guarantee that all the Tinder content with this treaty in line.
Content if you notice the service on the against this treaty breach report that please within the service or on our contact e-mail.
10 purchases.
General.
Tinder may from time to time to buy products or services (" ") on itunes, google play In-app-käufe,, or other authorised Netzbetreiberabrechnungen Tinder-direktzahlungen Tinder. Bezahlplattformen offer
In-app-kauf decide if they are for a you are prompted to their purchase in the corresponding to confirm and their payment method (Zahlungsanbieter your card or the account of a like google play or itunes) (Drittanbieters their " ') is the to Bezahlmethode prices applied for In-app-kauf they designate, as well as any appropriate services or similar taxes that vat on their payments may be applied and empower or the Tinder, if applicable, the relevant fee Drittanbieter charged to.
Automatically recurring, if they commit on a regular subscription is their Bezahlmethode continuously In-app-kauf until their dismissal, for the subscription.
Abonnementbindungsdauer, after its initial and again after each following is your subscription for appropriate automatically Abonnementdauer further, at the price, period which they have approved at the conclusion.
Automatic renewal; automatic card payment
Subscriptions are automatically renewed unless they the subscription end or not quit.
Subscription if they conclude is their monthly within 24 hours in advance Bezahlmethode after the date of the price charged, Erstkaufs on which they have completed the subscription.
Their Kartenzahlungsinformationen be according to the treaty and then stored for automatic card payments are used.
Already objections to a payment, where a settlement by or to the corresponding to the Tinder Kundensupport as addressed. itunes Drittanbieter-konto
They may also object by your bank or their contact them more information about the Bezahldienst their rights and about time limits applicable to provide.
You can have your consent to automatic in the settings of card payments at any time, or the corresponding Tinder account unconditionally withdraw; Drittanbieters
We note, however, they indicate that they are obliged to pay outstanding amounts to.
Subscription amend or if you want to quit, you will have in your account at (or the settings of Tinder Drittanbieter log in) and the instructions for call termination or denunciation of their subscriptions, even if they account with you follow us or by your device. Tinder-anwendung deleted
Cancellation in your account or deleting the Tinder of their device does not result in Tinder-app stopping or cancelling their subscription, with whom her retains all funds Tinder until her on Bezahlmethode subscription over it or, where applicable, Drittanbieter-konto Tinder- end or resign.
Subscription end or if you denounce, you can you until the end of the term of the current subscription and you will not benefit Abonnementzeitraum extend when the subscription period expires.
Further conditions at a direct payment in with their apply. Tinder Bezahlmethode
Tinder Tinder possible in a direct payment in may, even if it correct mistakes or Abrechnungsfehler already requested or received payment.
Reversal make if you have or otherwise a payment on their undo, can you account Bezahlmethode sole discretion immediately after Tinder quit.
Data you can edit by becoming its Bezahlmethode go and call. settings Tinder
When payment was not successful, for example by invalidity, inadequate or for any other reason, cover and the information of its or their subscription end or not Bezahlmethode edit denounce, they will remain responsible for unpaid amounts and authorize, on the us continue to which they can edit Bezahlmethode fee.
This may lead to a change in your. Abrechnungsdaten
Also entitle us, updated or new and for their credit or debit card Gültigkeitstermine Kartennummern covered as the originator their credit or debit card provided.
Bezahlmethode based on her and the payment terms between you and the agreements can, or any other financial institution Kreditkartenaussteller. set their elected Bezahlmethode providers
If they are located outside of america, do you agree that their payment to technology services limited is. on Tinder MTCH
Super-likes virtual and other objects from time to time you may be a limited, personal, non-transferable, not license to use " virtual, unterlizenzierbare widerrufliche articles ' acquire including, but not limited to super likes. (together " virtual objects
Any displayed in your account balances for virtual objects are not genuine balancing items or give no value stored, but the extent of their licence back cover.
For non-use of virtual goods is not; the fee to you for virtual objects licence granted, however, expires in accordance with the provisions of this treaty, if the provision of the service or Tinder your account closed or otherwise ceases to be terminated.
Tinder reserves to sole discretion the right fees for access to or the use of virtual objects to collect and / or virtual objects with or without fee available.
Tinder virtual objects can manage at any time, modification or removal regulate, control.
Tinder them to third parties, if neither shall any of these rights. Tinder
Virtual objects can only by the service ahead of schedule.
Any purchases and of virtual objects by the EINLÖSUNGEN service is made shall be final and ineligible.
Virtual providing goods as part of the service is to use a service that directly with the adoption of its purchase of virtual objects.
They recognize that for any reason whatsoever to a reimbursement virtual TINDER objects, and that it at a is obliged or any other compensation for closure of accounts no money not used, whether the goods are virtual closure voluntarily or otherwise.
Refunds.
Generally all fees for purchases ineligible and there are no refunds or credit for some spent time.
We can make an exception, if a refund for a within 14 days of Abonnementangebot after the date of the transaction is requested, or if the in their jurisdiction applicable laws provide. refunds
As subscriber residing in the eu or the european economic area have you according to local laws within 14 days after the start of subscriptions are entitled to a reimbursement in full, without grounds.
Please note that this 14-day deadline at the beginning of subscriptions.
Purchases of virtual goods shall be final and ineligible.
Erstattungsanfrage: as a
Subscription Apple-id if you are using their completed settled on refunds on apple Tinder.
To reimbursement request, go to itunes, click on their, select " from " Kaufhistorie Apple-id. look up the transaction and press " problem report. "
And they can also request on https: / / getsupport.apple.com level.
Subscription if you using your account at the google play store have completed: contact the Kundensupport indicating their, order number google play store them in their order number (in the, or by increasing in Bestellbestätigungs-e-mail google checkout) or login (these may they Bestätigungs-e-mail Tinder directly). in
They may also signed a letter in which they and datiertes declare that they, the buyer, this treaty or the terminate a communication of equivalent effect contains, by post or send person.
Bestellnummer also please tell us with your account in addition to the email address or phone number with linked.
This letter is to the following address: Tinder, judge, p.o. box, Attn: Cancellations 25472 dallas, texas, united states. 75225
If their right to make use (with the exception of cancellation you about their purchases made by apple and Apple-id be regulated), we shall pay (or demand for reimbursement on google all payments) which we have received from you, without delay and in any case within 14 days of its receipt cancellation of a contract.
Reimbursement shall be made using the same means of payment in the initial transaction are used.
In no case be them by the reimbursement charges calculated.
Can order for the provision of digital content which is not on a physical media supplied not cancel if the Bestellabwicklung with proper and the confirmation that they prior approval by the right of withdrawal, lose started.
Such as on purchases of virtual goods.
This means that these purchases are final and ineligible.
Pricing.
Tinder is a global company has and to members of his community services or provides many services.
Our pricing may vary according to region, and other current, Abonnementdauer Bundle-größe In-app-aktionen factors vary.
We test new features, and often to members and enhanced functionality Preispunkte to offer, in the event of payment options that they want to use.
11 communication and procedure for the recovery of claims resulting from copyright infringement.
If satisfied that they work on the service in a manner and copied was copyright infringement is posted, make the following information available: our Urheberrechtsbeauftragten
An electronic signature of the person or physical on behalf of the holder of the copyright claims to act is entitled;
A description of the protected work, the copyright in their view, were injured.
A description on where the material in their view, rights, on the service is hurt, which must be sufficiently detailed description, so that we can find), allegedly urheberrechtsverletzende material
Their contact details, including address, telephone number and e-mail address;
A written declaration from you is that you in good faith are of the opinion that the use of copyright owners, whose agents or controversial by law is not allowed, and
An explanation from you, that the above information in its communication is correct, and that they are or are authorized, the copyright owners on behalf of the Urheberrechtsinhabers to act.
Notifications claims due to copyright violations are on the company's by e-mail to Urheberrechtsbeauftragten copyright @ match.com, (+ 1) or by telephone by post to the following address judge 214-576-3272:
Copyright compliance department c / o match group legal 8750 n. central expressway, suite 1400 dallas, texas, united states 75231
Tinder Rechtsverletzern, which is the accounts of repeated infringements be guilty of, quit.
12 Haftungsausschlüsse.
TINDER is the service and the available form and without MÄNGELGEWÄHR to the extent by law may be prepared and granted no guarantees of any kind, whether explicitly, implicitly, legally or otherwise with regard to the service (including any contained content), including, but not limited to any guarantees of satisfactory quality, marketability, tacit suitability for a particular use or NICHTVERLETZUNG.
TINDER will not and does not guarantee that (a) the service continuously, will be safe or sound (b) any shortcomings or errors in service, or (c) that be corrected or information on the content or service through this given are correct.
TINDER assumes no liability for content, which you, other members or third parties on the service posts, dispatch or receive.
Access to any material or downloaded through use of the service received shall be made elsewhere at their own discretion, at our peril.
13 services of third parties.
The advertising and promotion actions by service may offered third and links to other websites or contain. Internet-ressourcen
Tinder is not responsible for the availability (or lack of availability of such external websites or Internet-ressourcen).
Where they decide on our service to interact with third is subject to the terms of this third whose relationship with them.
Tinder is not responsible and liable for the conditions or measures of this third.
14 limitation of liability.
In GRÖSSTMÖGLICHEN by law take allowable size, its related companies, employees, TINDER licensor or not accept responsibility for indirect, service providers, exemplary, specific or random, derived, including but not limited to, STRAFSCHÄDEN lost profits, whether directly or indirectly caused, or,, loss of use or other losses of data FIRMENWERTVERLUSTE losses arising from the following intangible shown: (i) their use and their access to services and
Its inability to use the service; (ii) the behaviour or the substance in connection with the other members or third use of the service; or (iii) illegal, illicit use or illegal access, even if changes to its content to the possibility of such damage was made TINDER.
But in no case exceed the liability of them in relation to all claims to TINDER in connection with the service by them, where appropriate, for the service amount paid and TINDER $ 100 while they through an account at their disposal.
Jurisdictions excluding or limiting some see certain damage is not available, so that some or all exclusions and restrictions in this section may not apply to you.
15 arbitration, waiving and redress Schwurgerichtsverfahren.
Except who reside in the european union or the european economic area or, where applicable law by anderorts is prohibited:
Exclusive means of resolving disputes or claims arising from the education of contractual or with this related (including all alleged infringements) or resulting from this service result or related with this is that that jams, according to the binding arbitration and procedures of jams (in Schlichtungsregeln original " Streamlined procedures ") is led & arbitration rules, with the exception of amendments in our conciliation procedure.
The only exception to the exclusivity is that each party of the arbitration procedure has the right to a against the other party with a competent Einzelklage to collect, or that the Bagatellgericht party, if an action in a reactive arbitration is submitted may require the dispute in a takes place, where the claim in Bagatellgericht the jurisdiction of the falls. Bagatellgerichts
Where the application for action brought before a made before the arbitrators appointed Bagatellgericht, is the arbitration administratively.
Where the application for action brought before a made after a conciliator appointed Bagatellgericht decided by the arbitrators, whether the dispute to mediation, remains or is decided. before a Bagatellgericht
Request such arbitration should only take place in written form, unless you or take the right of a hearing before the Tinder referee to complete.
But irrespective of whether they are for arbitration or a decide you must under no circumstances Bagatellgericht against the company collective redress, or other or procedures against Gruppenschiedsverfahren Verbandsklagen claim. Tinder
Using service in any way explain the arbitration agreement agreed. above
To give their right to, to go to court to any claims between you and the claimed to do to defend this (except for things that can be guided. at Bagatellgerichte
Give also their right to on collective redress or other participate. SAMMELVERFAHREN
Action Tinder if you have to outside the claim (and not requested Bagatellgerichts that action to the Tinder a) are their rights is led Bagatellgericht of a neutral, not by a judge or of arbitrators, determined, and the jury decides claims and all issues relating to all arbitrators of the arbitration of Streitgegenstandes.
They are entitled to a fair hearing before the conciliator.
The conciliator can grant the usually each appeal, a court may grant, including the possibility of a request to hear (the one dispositiven application on the basis of the dispositiven Prozessschriftsätze application based on the parties and one of the dispositiven parties together with the evidence submitted Prozessschriftsätze may include), but it should be noted that the conciliation procedure usually simpler and than other trials and legal proceedings. more efficient
Conciliator decisions of the court are enforceable by a court and can only partly be repealed.
Details settlements can be found in our conciliation procedure.
All procedures to ensure that arbitration agreement, including all the procedures for confirmation, amendment or revocation of a ruling can before each competent court be initiated.
In case that these for some reason as unenforceable arbitration agreement is considered, a lawsuit against the company (other than in cases before courts for small claims before national courts or federal) exclusively in dallas county, texas, united states, be initiated.
Vote responsibility now for this purpose these courts irrevocably.
The platforms of the european commission for the settlement of disputes is at http: / / ec.europa.eu / odr available.
Tinder does not participate in the arbitration of consumer protection for members before dispute resolution resident in the eu or the european economic area.
16 law.
For members who reside in the european union or the european economic area or elsewhere, where our is forbidden by law, the arbitration agreement laws of texas, united states, with the exception of conflict of laws of texas in any dispute arising from this treaty or to service or related with these.
Vorherstehenden regardless of is the section in the federal arbitration act 15 conciliation protocol.
Clarifying is pointed out that the choice of the applicable law in texas, not take precedence over extreme in these jurisdictions. Verbraucherschutzgesetzgebung
17 jurisdiction.
Except who reside in the european union or the european economic area, and the complaints in their country of residence according to the law can make and with the exception of actions in a court of competent jurisdiction shall be made Bagatellsachen all complaints arising from this treaty or service or its relationship with Tinder for whatever reason and are not be submitted only in the federal arbitration or national courts in dallas county, texas, united states, led.
They Tinder and votes of personal jurisdiction in texas, and these courts shall refrain from any claim that these courts constitute a negative jurisdiction.
18 indemnification guarantee itself.
Undertake, by law, its related companies, Tinder allowable size and their respective executives, directors, agents and employees in relation to all complaints, demands, damage claims losses, cost liabilities, expenditure and to compensate, to defend and value Anwaltskosten to keep the access to the service because of their use, of its content or its or of infringements against this treaty itself shown or in any association with this.
All 19 of the treaty; otherwise.
This treaty, together with the data protection directive, the, the, the conciliation procedure (Cookie-richtlinien Sicherheitstipps) and all applicable if they conditions which disclosed and where they have accepted them, if you additional functions, products or services that we buy as part of the service offer, the whole treaty between them and Tinder as regards the use of the service.
If any provision of this treaty be considered ineffective, remains the rest of this treaty fully in force.
Nichtdurchsetzung non-exercise or the provisions of this treaty or of a right by the company is not a waiver of this right or this provision.
They agree that you shall not be transferable and that all is Tinder-konto their rights to their account and at its content after her death.
This treaty does not create agency, no, no, no joint venture partnership or other special relationship and no relationship Treuhänderverhältnis and they must not in any way assurances, or Tinder bands.
