Www.uber.com https: / / / legal / en / document /? name = = & lang = general-terms-of-use & country germany changed: dezuletzt 24.12.2019
About b.v.
General conditions
Last updated on: 4.dezember 2017
Contractual relationship.
This conditions (" conditions '), the contractual basis between them and the bv, a registered in the nanterre uber under number amsterdam registered company with limited liability based 56317441 in Mr. 7, dp, amsterdam, Treublaan 1097 (netherlands, ") about the mobilisation of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen uber and related services of over.
Please read it carefully before you on our conditions access or these benefits. Vermittlungsdienstleistungen
By adopting these conditions that they are legally binding under these conditions agreed.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen is the use of accepting these conditions ahead.
Replace explicitly all these conditions before concluded with treaties or agreements.
Uber can these conditions and all them to terminate the Vermittlungsdienstleistungen immediately cease or access to all generally Vermittlungsdienstleistungen Vermittlungsdienstleistungen or part thereof for whatever reason, at any time purpose.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen for certain additional terms may apply, such as guidelines for a specific event actions or promotion actions.
Additional conditions apply in addition to the conditions of the respective and are a part of the same. Vermittlungsdienstleistungen
Is contrary to the present conditions, shall apply to any further conditions. each Vermittlungsdienstleistungen
Uber conditions may at any time change.
About it is, on the amendments in europe.
By confirming the amended conditions do you explain with the changed conditions agreed.
From that date, none of the revised conditions in force.
Our collection and use of personal data in connection with the Vermittlungsdienstleistungen is in line with the data protection directives of under the uber website https: / / www.uber.com / privacy / are available. notice
Can uber, provided that the data protection directive, without prejudice to the existing laws allow a, or all the necessary information (including Schadensabwickler insurer their) provide if it contact details in connection with the transport or to a mediated by uber complaint, a dispute or Logistikdienstleistung is a conflict in which they and a third (in particular an independent service providers) are involved, and this information or data to pursue and resolution of the complaint, the dispute or conflict are necessary.
(2) the Vermittlungsdienstleistungen
Uber offers various to and shall make on these Technologie-plattformen Vermittlungsdienstleistungen available.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen shall take place for the use of this you can, unless otherwise agreed.
The Vermittlungsdienstleistungen include the provide a, with the requests for transport or Technologie-plattform logistical services by users of mobile applications or websites of one route ") (" uber to independent and separate Drittanbieter, including independent and independent (" independent service providers Beförderungsdienstleister logistics provider "), and the settlement of transport shall be submitted on behalf of and on behalf of the logistical services or independent. Leistungsanbieters
If uber between them in a separate written contract otherwise agreed, the only for their private use, Vermittlungsdienstleistungen non-industrial.
The use of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen they are free.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen a commitment to use for certain periods there is not.
Uber simultaneously is under no obligation to them successfully managed. transport and logistical services
Is exclusively in their own discretion of the independent, its request for transport or Leistungsanbieters logistical services to accept or reject.
Application allows you to send a request for a transport or Logistikdienstleistung.
The gps receiver, on the mobile phone (), should be on the smartphone installed the route, realizes her location. download
Gps-funktion check if they are provided on their behalf your question with their uber by e-mail to the independent service providers location data.
You hire and to authorize together with their your question about location data to an independent by e-mail and in the case of service providers transmit question by the independent service providers for the execution of transport services, a driver of (i propose BEFÖRDERUNGSANFRAGE) is available and (ii) are physically closest to them is.
Accepted Leistungsanbieter your question, you will receive the independent on the route to a notification with information on independent service providers and drivers, including the name of the driver, the vehicle registration numbers and the-and the possibility of telephone Kundenservicebewertung contact with the driver.
Application allows you to also in real time to see how rapidly the driver your present location is.
Should the time of consignment her question are available, no independent service providers your question, you will be on the route accepted such a notification.
Them realise that even transport or offers no uber provides or as carrier occurs logistical services and that all transport and logistical services by independent in its own name and on own account LEISTUNGSANBIETERN produced.
Independent LEISTUNGSANBIETER act either for or an associated company uber nor are they in about uber or by an associated company employed over.
License.
Provided that conditions fully respect, granted above them a limited,,, and it consists nicht-ausschließliche nicht-unterlizensierbare licence for: (i) nicht-übertragbare access the applications and their use in their own equipment in connection with the use of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen and (ii) access to all of the applications made available content, information and related material and their use, in each case only their private and non-industrial use.
All this does not explicitly rights granted and of about remain reserved. licensors over
Restrictions.
It they are not permitted: (i) indication of trade marks and other property rights by the respective, Urheberrechte- part of the applications to remove; (ii) without the express approval of relating to the applications to reproduce to change it to prepare to sell derived works to grant licences to rent, sell,, to transfer publicly show or wiederzuverkaufen list, to provide service to send to, or otherwise profitable recovered; (iii) the applications, unless it is legally allowed, or dekompilieren; (iv) rückzuentwickeln disassemble in relation to a part of the applications to put a link to or to reflect; (v) framen programmes or scripts with the aim of Scrapings, or other data mining, Indexierens Surveyings to develop or to install or the establishment or function of aspects of applications unduly to restrict or hamper; or (vi) to try and unauthorised access to some of the applications and related systems or networks or to obtain this at risk.
Brands of over.
They confirm that the design of each, after Vermittlungsdienstleistungen under different brands of uber made available volume measure, including brands for the council, in particular transport services (but not finally), " " uber, " ", " " uberxl uberx, " ", " " Uberblack Ubersuv, " ", " " Uberberline Ubervan " and ", " " Uberexec Uberlux " and the trademarks to impart Uberpool, namely ", " " Uberrush logistical services " and " Uberfresh. " Ubereats
They agree that the sole discretion by, or under after uber Vermittlungsdienstleistungen participation by certain or with associated companies made available uber Uber-tochtergesellschaften.
Property.
Ownership with the property and other rights shall be kept by related Vermittlungsdienstleistungen over or of uber. licensors
Neither by these conditions or by the use of any rights granted to them: (Vermittlungsdienstleistungen (i) to or in relation to the, except for the above granted limited Vermittlungsdienstleistungen licence; or (ii) for the use of or reference to the name, logo, uber product and, where the licensor of marks or Dienstleistungsbezeichnungen over.
3. they use of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen
Accounts.
To use the have her own account (" Vermittlungsdienstleistungen account ") establishment and maintenance.
To an account and must at least 18 years old.
To Kontoregistrierung in about certain personal data must her name and address, phone number and her age and at least one of their (either a credit card or a valid payment method recognised). indicate Zahlungspartner
They undertake to ensure that their correct, complete and timely are always Kontoinformationen.
Your account is no longer correct, complete and timely or is in the valid or expired, deposited Kontoinformationen payment method can it be that they no longer have access to the uber they no longer receive or of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen can use or that this treaty with dismiss you. over
They are for all activities on their own account, and they undertake their responsible username and password to keep secret and ensure at all times.
Uber do without the written approval of no more than one account.
Requirements for users and behavior.
The Vermittlungsdienstleistungen are persons aged under 18 not available.
They are not allowed the use of their account to allow third and persons aged under 18 without the use of the independent monitoring offered to allow. transport and logistical services Leistungsanbietern
They are not allowed to other persons or undertakings to your account or otherwise to transfer or available.
They undertake to comply with all applicable laws, if they are, and they must use the Vermittlungsdienstleistungen Vermittlungsdienstleistungen (e.g. use exclusively for legitimate purposes can they provided services of independent to service providers not make use of banned or to transport dangerous materials).
Text messages.
By creating an account do you explain agree that you as part of the normal operations under the use of text messages (sms) submitted information with Vermittlungsdienstleistungen warden.
Receiving you can text messages (sms) of, or by an e-mail about at any time to send in which they @ customers-de uber.com, together with the number of mobile phones, on the news, they state that they no longer wish to receive these messages.
You are aware that the removal of text messages (sms) can affect their use of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen
Gutschein-codes.
Uber can after at the sole discretion Gutschein-codes own account, or other incentives or benefit for the or for services of independent service providers awarded Vermittlungsdienstleistungen (" "). Gutschein-codes
Gutschein-codes for the use of individual are normally additional conditions.
They agree that: (i) only lawfully and Gutschein-codes for the declared audience and may be used the purpose indicated; (ii) does not have some duplicated, sold or transferred (or by public post or otherwise) available to the public may be made if it does not explicitly approved; (iii above) only in accordance with the uber for each additional conditions may be used; Gutschein-code laid down (iv) not in cash can be paid; and (v) before redemption can be conducted.
Uber reserves the right to credits and other benefits benefits that they or or other users on the use of having received or to withhold Gutschein-codes if or is of the opinion that uber finds the use of refund or by a fraud, an illegal act Gutschein-codes or in breach of the applicable conditions for the or the. these conditions was Gutschein-code
User made available to the content.
Uber can allow them by sole discretion from time to time, audio and / or text and information submitted, to upload Bildinhalte publish or otherwise make available on the applications for about, including comments and feedback to the unfiltered unfiltered, and the submission of contributions Vermittlungsdienstleistungen Supportanfragen under gambling and (" "). Werbeaktionen Benutzerinhalte
All of them available, staying in their property. Benutzerinhalte
In accordance with the transport they shall ensure that necessary care: (i) either the sole owner of all; and (ii) Benutzerinhalte neither the transmission, the upload, still Benutzerinhalte the publication or other, nor the authorised in this Verfügbarmachung Benutzerinhalte use of by the third party rights on uber Benutzerinhalte intellectual property or property, or third hurt or disregard or data protection rights of music publishing rights violation of relevant laws or legislation.
They hereby undertake not to the offensive, libellous, Benutzerinhalte mean and violent, obscene, otherwise illegal or offensive, pornographic, which decides to over sole discretion whether this material is protected by law or not.
Uber reserves the right to sole discretion to examine and to monitor and for Benutzerinhalte the infringements of above code of conduct to be removed.
A duty to remove Benutzerinhalten is not.
Netzwerkzugang and equipment.
Them for the establishment of for the use of the necessary responsibility. Vermittlungsdienstleistungen Datennetzwerkzugangs
During access and / or the use of, data, and charges may Vermittlungsdienstleistungen Verbindungsentgelte for the payment of mobile Netzwerkanbieters. they are responsible.
Them for the procurement and updating of compatible hardware and for the equipment shall have access to and applications and their updates or for Vermittlungsdienstleistungen the corresponding use is required.
About does not guarantee that the or parts thereof on the respective hardware Vermittlungsdienstleistungen or the equipment work.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen disturbances and may also in the by the delays occur use of the internet and electronic media is due.
4 benefits. independent service providers
Uber operates only as an intermediary between them and the unab-hängigen Leistungsanbietern.
Lo-gistikdienstleistung for the transport or only the independent responsible to which their question on Leis-tungsanbieter. gives the Ap-plikation
Accepted independent of your question, is the transport service providers or between them and the relevant applicable Logistikvertrag independent Leistungs-anbieter materialized.
Uber is never party this transport or. Logistikvertrags
You know that for the provision of transport or other terms which between them Logistikdienstleistung and the independent service providers be agreed.
In these circumstances, the provision of transport or by certain rules of conduct. be subject Logistikdienstleistung
For defining and asserting this and other conditions is only the relevant rules of conduct independent service providers responsible.
Payments.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen using the is free.
Uber retains the right to charge a fee for the use of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen.
Decides uber, such a fee is to introduce it to inform and allow them in advance about the treaty continue or stop.
You aware that you for the use of by the independent service providers or usually offered transport costs (" price logistical services ") occur.
Current prices of transport or the respective independent service providers established Logistikdienstleistung.
Uber mediated will tell you the benefits on behalf of the independent Leistungsanbieters taken into account.
Uber offset their payment with the independent, by service providers as the independent is reduced Inkassobevollmächtiger Leistungsanbieters.
In this way payments made by them shall be treated as if they had it made directly to independent service providers.
All prices are payable promptly.
Uber is entitled to their with the notification for the use of applications specified (including taxes and any credit card, which may in connection with their Verzugsgebühren. account) on behalf of and on behalf of the independent to burden. Leistungsanbieters
Uber sends them thereafter by e-mail. a Zahlungsbestätigung
They agree that uber as the independent impaired necessary, second in Inkassobevollmächtiger Leistungsanbieters your account used when stored in their account payment method stored, or is not valid or expired preferred payment method for other reasons can not be burdened.
Independent unless the permits, they can in service providers an independent service providers requested services or goods at any time before the arrival of the services or goods and cancel them by the independent service providers can be calculated. a Stornogebühr
Upon receipt of services or goods by the independent service providers you have the possibility, the service of the independent to evaluate and an additional feedback on Leistungsanbieters to him.
Haftungsausschlüsse exemption.; 6; limitation of liability
Assurances
Providing Vermittlungsdienstleistungen is the free of charge.
In return, they have no right to continued uninterrupted or permanent proper function.
Temporary interruptions or errors may, in particular for reasons of force majeure (e.g. due to planned maintenance and modernization) or Netzausfall operators.
Vermittlungsdienstleistungen delays and restrictions may also be subject to the other problems for the use of the internet and electronic communications are characteristic.
Uber has to endeavour to make every effort to ensure availability of the best and incidents as soon as possible address Vermittlungsdienstleistungen.
Klarstellend recalls that uber uninsured and does not guarantee that access or use of Vermittlungsdienstleistungen (a) or sound will be continuously or (b) adopting their respective by the independent service providers will lead Beförderungsanfrage.
Disclaimer.
As intermediaries for the by the independent service providers is about carried out or not responsible. transport logistics services
Uber liable for damages, including fines or not, therefore, or losses, the third SCHADENSERSATZFORDERUNGEN them on the basis of: contracts or relations between them and create an independent service providers.
Uber also issued no assurance and does not assume any guarantee and / or guarantee with regard to the quality, suitability, safety and qualified and punctuality and reliability of independent. LEISTUNGSANBIETERN
Limitation of liability.
For damage resulting from the use or the nature of the result, and with uber are Vermittlungsdienstleistungen uber related companies, where with uber related companies, their representatives or agents uber this damage caused deliberately or recklessly.
Ordinary negligence in the case of uber with related companies, their representatives or agents uber liable and the related companies with over about only in case of infringement of an essential and only for conclusion of the contract in predictable Vertragspflicht vertragstypische damage.
Substantial contractual obligations are those whose fulfilment of the proper conduct of treaty in the first place on the possible and compliance with the users regularly faith can.
The Haftungsbeschränkungen shall not apply in the context of, violations of life, for guarantees issued and the health of the body and for claims from the Produkthaftungsgesetz.
To clarify, uber is not liable for or from uber not LEISTUNGSVERZUG LEISTUNGSAUSFALL representing reasons.
Thereof RÜCKTRITTSRECHTE remain possible unaffected.
Any Haftungsbeschränkungen provided in this treaty shall not apply to a reprehensible violation of life, body or health, for the liability after the, and through guarantees. Produkthaftungsgesetz abgegebener
Exemption.
Undertake Uber and its managers, employees and contractors to all exposures, Organmitglieder, claims, losses and costs (including any liability resulting from the following) exempt Anwaltskosten or in connection with shown: (i) up for the culpable breach of the conditions or injury; or (ii) the same schuldhaften the shameful violation of rights, including third plugins and independent on their part. Leistungsanbietern
7 law.
Unless otherwise provided in this treaty shall be subject to this treaty, excluding the federal republic of germany and the laws of only Kollisionsrechts under these laws designed.
The vienna convention on the international commodity purchase from 1980 (english abbreviation: CISG) shall not apply.
Other provisions.
Communications.
Uber may send: general by the applications as communications personally to her with their related to the account or by e-mail address specified account in their post.
Uber communications to you can in writing to the address of uber in Mr. 7, dp, amsterdam, Treublaan 1097 netherlands, send.
General.
Do claims under this treaty not wholly or partly without the prior written approval of dismissed or transferred. over
They provide support that is entitled to rights under this treaty over all or part of to transfer, in particular to assign or: (i) subsidiary or related companies with about uber; (ii) an acquirer from uber shares or assets; or (iii) of legal successor as part of a merger uber.
Uber between them, and the independent is due to this treaty or use Leistungsanbietern of no joint venture partnership, and no Vermittlungsdienstleistungen employment or Vertretungsverhältnis.
Is any provision in these conditions, wholly or partially in a legal system to be illegal, or declared invalid is this provision or undurchsetzbar concerned in relation to these conditions as part of treated, and the legality, void validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these conditions remain unchanged.
Replace parties in this case, the unlawful use or invalid or the affected part of it by undurchsetzbare a legal, valid and enforceable provision that the content and the purpose of the unlawful, or part of the condition or invalid undurchsetzbaren comes as close as possible.
These conditions provide the whole between the parties on the subject-matter of the contract and replace all contract concluded previously or simultaneously on the subject-matter of the contract or contracts concluded agreements.
These provisions, the terms " including ' and " including " and " include " for " " or " including in particular.
