Terms and conditions of Ubisoft-dienste
Menu
Terms and conditions of Ubisoft-dienste
As of 12 may 2020
" We're all under the same conditions "
In Ubisoft-universum welcome.
Please read it carefully NUTZUNGSBESTIMMUNGEN
Our Ubisoft-teams authentic and create for our players, so that they unforgettable experience have fun, share and by games, websites and apps, (this is what we call our online services ") services can develop.
To allow our services to enjoy, we have rules drawn up for everything and everybody in our communities apply: they, other players and us.
Vote by our down to these conditions defined services and content of benefit.
1 Ubisoft-dienste what are aims and content.
This article contains a clear definition of services and, on the lists the documents you read should, before moving to the access services.
1.1 Ubisoft-dienste (" the services ') include games, downloadable content, season and other (on passport or any other physical Spielsoftware disc medium or downloaded or streamed from), and other software products and online and, including its and other features Mobil-dienste Online-funktionen, together with all updates and that the related web sites, the upgrades and all the others, the Uplay-plattform +, the Uplay Ubisoft-plattformen hosted the server, -abonnementdienst Live-events, software and the framework in which they currently or in the future, the above or one of its subsidiaries by ubisoft entertainment s.a. or a related undertaking, including ubisoft emea is made available. (sas
Ubisoft together " " or " us " and " us ").
1.2 conditions this (the " '), provisions for their access to these services and for the use of these services (" user " and " them. "
With the use of services and content (as in the following is explain its agreement in these provisions and in all other conditions in particular the criteria such as age and country which they must meet and undertake to its compliance.
For a special service, additional conditions apply, such as the conditions of sale of the code of conduct (e and Ubisoft-shops Endbenutzer-lizenzvertrag) (" code of conduct ").
An extra you in our understandable information on our use of personal privacy statement data we during their use the services of them could raise.
Please read all these documents carefully before moving to access a service.
" Content " means all elements with the services include, in particular, elements, maps and personalised In-game-items avatars, graphics, music, all games, texts, sounds and all communications or information, names, issues, objects, scenes, costumes, effects, dialogues, slogans, characters, places, diagrams, concepts, videos, audio-visual effects, Choreographien domain.
This includes the by you or by the other players, the so-called user Generated content elements (as defined in article 11); virtual (as defined in article 3.3) and Ubisoft-währung (as defined in article 12), Testinhalte
1.3 for services and content will be licensed, they are not sold to them.
We accept them a personal, measured and right and the appropriate licence nicht-übertragbares widerrufliches to use the services and access to the content for their entertainment and the non-commercial use, provided that they comply with those rules.
2 Nutzerkonto and create a as what should you know, is a Nutzerkonto to open?
This article explains the steps and for the preparation of a safety rules and the choice of Ubisoft-nutzerkontos and / or Nutzernamens for access to our services are Avatars.
2.1 they may have a (a) establish " Ubisoft-nutzerkonto Nutzerkonto for access to certain services to maintain and to use them and online play.
Nutzerkonto they can, by right, full create and up-to-date information, including a valid email address, aircraft.
It can happen that we need to review the accuracy of this information, including through telephone numbers and e-mail addresses, in particular to review of protection of minors, other users and to avoid fraud.
They acknowledge, upon request, the necessary documents (this may include a copy of your identity card or passport) by any appropriate means to us to send.
Information as to their need, or if you have any questions, Nutzerkonto please consult the websites https: / / support.ubi.com / account or https: / / account.ubisoft.com.
2.2 Nutzerkontos of security.
Any use of with her, and in particular any user account and password purchase of services, is regarded as you have said.
Note to ensure the safety of their: a user's account
(A) choose a strong password. alphanumeric
For reasons of safety we reserve the right to each, which is not strong enough to reject password to her protection. Nutzerkonto
(B) select a password different from any other passwords, they use different and edit it regularly.
(C) check the and all the others which we Zwei-schritt-verifizierung Sicherheitsoptionen can provide.
(D) inform your account, never (...) with third parties. Nutzername password
We will never ask your password '.
Never e) allow access and / or the third use of their user account and.
2.3 they acknowledge, us immediately at https: / / from any illicit use of their, support.ubi.com or other information on their password Nutzernamens and all related to the security breaches Nutzerkonto service, which you knowledge, to provide information.
Construction Nutzernamens / Avatars of.
They may have a username and / or create an avatar for access to certain services to receive and use it.
Nutzerkonto they are with their associated and publicly displayed.
We recommend you, therefore, her real name is not in their username.
Do avatar that no username and by another 1) already users is used or with a different is connected, or 2) " Nutzerkonto ubi " or " or the " ubisoft. contains Ubisoft-logo
We reserve the right to choose and / or avatar, the username you have chosen to reject our sole discretion.
2.5 several user accounts.
They may not, unless we create more user accounts explicitly permit.
They acknowledge that you in such a case you extra to our close or that we require Nutzerkonto you can close. additional Nutzerkonto
3 what conditions apply to their use our services.
This article sets out the special conditions which for certain services and content (e.g. virtual currency) and forums, certain means of access to our services (including mobile terminals.
3.1 forums.
Services can fora, or other types of chats groups of information (together as " ' means forums Online-diskussionsbereichen).
Forums benefits if they are, they should be aware that you, and their communications publicly yourusername avatar and by all the fora to users can be consulted (unless they are faced with a private forum).
They want to send their communications at their peril.
They solely responsible for their submission, publication and dissemination.
Note these security measures if they with other users in the forums communicate:
Give never information, which can be used to identify you in real life.
Never take invitations to, in real life meeting someone, whom she met in a chat, especially if this person call upon them, their talks or the meeting should be kept secret, and they do not want any invitation to services from outside the channels or apps.
Report each behaviour and anything which for suspicious or, even, which they quite inappropriate chat with another led and for which it is users felt uncomfortable.
Make only with someone from their talk, and use the closest county (), if they are Blacklist-funktion crl a service is available, in order to ensure that they have no adverse news.
3.2 ubisoft store.
We allow them buying products in our online store under the address https: / / store.ubi.com / or by Uplay.
We can their opportunities to purchase products on several criteria limit, in particular, their age, limited quantities of products available, etc. we can offer for the special conditions, periodic information.
3.3 credits, virtual currency.
We give you access to or the use of online or of services, in particular points, virtual Offline-elementen coins or currencies (together as " virtual ') allow. Ubisoft-währung
Virtual Ubisoft-währung if you of us or our partners, you will be authorised get personal, limited, not, not exclusive, widerrufliche licence abtretbare access and the selection of the virtual, which we are specifically available Ubisoft-währung.
Ubisoft-währung virtual has no cash value and no value outside of our services.
Virtual can't sold, traded, transferred Ubisoft-währung or for cash; it can only exchanged against to be redeemed content services are available.
Virtual can not be reimbursed, and they Ubisoft-währung are not entitled to reimbursement of unused virtual, unless required by law is Ubisoft-währung.
Virtual Ubisoft-währung if you bought, against a content if the contents are not returned, or exchanged covered.
3.4 wallet.
We put them on their electronic purse (the " a Nutzerkonto wallet ") are available.
This wallet is no bank accounts, and for the and no payment instrument money that they can contribute to:
They are no personal ownership,
You can only be used for the content and services that we buy
They have no value outside the services and can not be exchanged in cash, and
Neither can nor shall be transferred, unless required by law.
Ceilings for the amounts we can set you
In your wallet may have.
Per day / month to this wallet; and / or deposit
In their wallet can spend.
We can always change these ceilings.
3.5 prepaid cards.
We can allow them to buy prepaid cards and / or deliver to content and / or services to purchase and / or collection to a wallet.
Wallet if you already in article 3.4 ceilings has reached you can on this by transferring the value of any payment wallet given more chiefs, pre-paid cards
3.6 technological protection measures-internet connection-we can by digital rights management certain services technological protection measures, in particular, physical protection and digital rights management, ", " key and direct digital watermark activation ratings, are protected.
May they need for access to a permanent fast internet connection to obtain online to play and Online-funktionen access to some content to maintain and to use it to content, the only once with a clear and certain key can be unlocked services that the technology to digital rights management benefit.
3.7 mobile services.
For certain services, you can use mobile phones, tablets, smartphones and certain other compatible mobile terminals (terminals) access.
Takes the permission of the person who account for the mobile terminal paid, and the internet with this mobile terminal.
The use of their mobile terminals is associated, for which we not responsible Verbindungskosten.
Certain mobile services and to offer you. In-game-käufe Mikro-transaktionen
Accordingly capacity and their mobile terminals and the communications network functions, your vary. Nutzerkomfort
We can not guarantee that their comfort, they experience that is if you are in the services with other apparatus to customers.
4, how can we change our services.
This article is to circumstances under which our services and content, and also a price, can change.
4.1 general.
We do not guarantee that the services at any time, in all the places around the world and / or on all equipment will be available.
We do not guarantee that we continue to offer all services over a minimum period.
We reserve the right to withdraw from all or part of the services at any time.
4.2 change of the price of services.
We reserve the right, the prices of services, including from a to a and vice versa, Free-to-play-dienst Bezahldienst amended accordingly.
New price shall apply only to orders were issued after it has entered into force.
4.3 change in the access to the services and content.
(A) we can content equal why at any time and, in particular for technical reasons such as updates, in order to improve or improve servicing or Resets services change.
(B) we can ask you or allow them software updates, patches and / or other utilities and our tools, our will be made available, or licensors download "). (the " Ubisoft-software
We give you a personal, non-transferable non-exclusive licence and which they put in a position, the only for the purposes of the exploitation of Ubisoft-software services throughout the world and for the legal protection of intellectual property rights to use in Ubisoft-software
At the time in which they will be made available, may Ubisoft-software we for you specify conditions
The performance of the software and services by ubisoft may be your device deviate.
We can get them from time to time updates or changes in the you need can provide Ubisoft-software to services will continue to use.
(C) these changes, the services and / or their acquired rights or concern in the Setbacks. Spielumgebung
(D) we can also set:
A maximum number of days, as long as part of the services content is stored;
Maximal volume of communications from a to and from; Nutzerkonto
Maximum storage capacity of our servers will be made available; for their Nutzerkonto
Zugriffen to a maximum number of services by you, together with a maximum duration for each access during a certain period.
5 which are our conduct, with a view, secure and fair and community maintain. Spielumgebung
This article provides the code of conduct which they must comply with, and the practices which are prohibited, with a view, secure and fair and community maintain. Spielumgebung
5.1 we'd like you and the other users with a welcoming, safe and respectful as well as at any time during the game, both Spielumgebung in our services offer.
This is particularly important for us because we users in the different age groups, including our services have minors.
So that they and other users, such as part of a friendly, safe and fair community feel they have to the following rules (the " code of conduct ") levels.
5.2 do the services only for legitimate purposes and only use for their intended use.
Services do not in any way use contrary to existing legislation or regulations).
5.3 is a non-exhaustive list of prohibited practices which may lead to verifications by our staff and for the sanctions can be imposed, as in article 6 carried out:
1 drafting an e-mail address, registration data (with false Nutzerkontos etc.). date of birth
2 producing or using a unsuitable or Avatars. Nutzernamens
This includes in particular the use of names, and images:
· obscenity, sexual or linguistic elements of allusions or in which terrorism, fascism contain hate speech,; or child abuse connived at
· religious or in any way to deal with controversial or politically, or to split.
3 than any other users or fraudulent occur our representatives.
This includes, for example:
· drafting an, the existing / a user account and is very similar, with users Nutzerkonto the express intention, without permission as this other users to spend;
· the make of comments or drawing up a that to other users of the user account and impression that it of our representative or by someone with similar powers.
Abuse, harassment, bullying 4 of users and / or our representatives (i.e. our staff, members of our community (presenters, etc.)) by all kinds of communication Star-spieler, verbal / / digital (written in particular on tools for content production, forums, via the internet or voice telephony In-game-chat), on any medium in the voip services and / or all websites by third parties.
This includes:
· Trolling: item of controversial opinions or not deliberate on the subject are contributions with the intention of other provoke
· flaming: permanent of other persons, insult
· spamming, that being repeated, not on the subject of item nonsensical, always the same or similar communications
· using language or content as unreasonable, illegal, dangerous, abusive, offensive, obscene, do sexually, vulgar, in their private lives, hatred, libellous eingreifend slander, racist, sexist, homophobic, ethical or as harassment, transphob offensive.
Endangerment of minors, and all 5 on minors, as inappropriate actions taken:
· all comments, private communications content (ugc), in conjunction with nutzergenerierten impropriety on minors, in particular, physical or sexual abuse, pornography or other disrespectful content;
· everyone else in the code of conduct or comments which acts listed on minors are directed or minors are concerned.
. The use of all means that we don't have to explicitly allows data as part of the services to other users collected or intercept.
This includes, for example:
· phishing, the attempt to personal data of a user, information on one or other information by other private Nutzerkonto to give users;
· Doxing, publish personal data of another user or the other reproduce such data or their provision for another person;
· Sniffing online, theft or interception by collecting. Netzwerk-traffic
7. the use of elements that our intellectual property rights or other rights or the rights of third parties to get hurt.
8 disclosure of information, which means the produce, use, parts and / or publish to all types, and / or outside of the services of all content that against a confidentiality is contrary to the right to privacy of an individual or hurt to commit a illicit plot (e.g. piracy, cracking or spread of falsified software) would incite.
9 trade, rent, market, edit, change, disassemble, reverse engineering, Dekompilieren translate adjust, market spread new item reproduce, transferred, copying, extract and / or Indexieren automate all information, software, products or other elements of the content and / or services by all means without our prior express consent.
10 changed that disturb block burden disturb slow and unusual / or impede the normal functioning of all or some of the services or their availability for other users or the functioning of the service, or the attempt to Partner-netzwerke one of these operations.
This includes, for example, the implementation of distributed denial-of-service (. Ddos-angriffen
11 transmission or distribution of a virus, worm, a bomb, Trojaners a corrupted file and / or similar destructive and / or data or damaged equipment, the organization, or participation in whatever kind of participation an attack on our servers and / or services and / or service providers and / or those of our partners.
12 use or dissemination of " car "-or " macro ", in particular, the use and / or -computerprogrammen dissemination of Cheats,,,, training programmes or hacks bots scripts. application software
13 the use or dissemination of services over a. Spiegel-server
14 every kind of manipulation, which a user (and / or player (s)) an unfair advantage to (e.g.,) or the gaming experience Aimhacks Wallhacks other users.
15 Live-streams of another of it, with a view to an unfair streamers benefit or a Streamer in the game, for example by harassing Sniping stream.
16 any conduct which the general of the game itself, in a forum Spielfluss or a service, in particular: is
· spamming,
· " away from keyboard " (fiu)
· farming (automatic collection of resources without the presence of the player),
· Kaufempfehlungen advertising or for other products,
· harassment in the game and end, in particular, killing rage team behaviour, disability of other players and Quitting interactions / or any other, through which the general In-game-verhalten or interrupted. Spielfluss disturbed
17 Glitches, or from the most of an unfair advantage over other bugs or give users general balance or the economics of service threaten.
18 using the help of other users or offering assistance to other users to an unfair advantage to them.
This includes:
· cooperation with users, they cheat by used and Cheats
· cooperation with experienced users, to make it their statistics in areas of a game / Nutzerlevel normally new players () are reserved for, to increase; newcomers
· creation of an alternative to deal with new players or less user account and experienced users to work together to them unfairly, to help you to increase your level / statistics.
19 purchase and / or the alternative use of and / or advertising for illicit benefits from third parties, such as " services to increase the match making ratio.
20 access to parts of the services which are, or we do not authorised efforts to gain access to;
21 creating, provide or use of services, e.g. via Server-emulatoren;
22 item of the renewed previously in the other services or content moderated forums.
23 voice communication, the deliberate use of Blocking clay in the other to disrupt. Voice-chat
24 circumvention of a service using proxy regional restrictions, or other tools vpn.
25 the inappropriate use of the " help " service or request / or the dispatch of incorrect reports to Bericht-buttons members of our staff, including the Kundendiensts.
26 counterfeiting, or the cancellation of ", " by the Chargeback Kreditkartenbelastungen emerge. debt
A Chargeback is a credit card or or the unauthorized use by identity theft relatives or friends include.
27 Scamming, the attempt by fraud or other goods or money where the deception
28 buying, selling, renting, parts, to act or transfer in a different way of and / or access to your user account and account, and / or its use in any way to an outside party to allow either within the services or on the website of a third party.
29 refusal to follow the instructions of our representative.
6 what sanctions we can apply in order to prevent and combat illicit behaviour?
This article calls some of the disciplinary and legal measures that we can impose to combating the behaviour for the and the community is detrimental. Spielumgebung
For infringements of the provisions and / or a code of conduct, we can impose sanctions.
Such penalties shall be on a case-by-case basis on the basis of several criteria decided, in particular the gravity of the infringement, the number of infringements and the consequences of the non-compliance, services to other users and / or our representatives.
This is a non-exhaustive list of sanctions which we can use:
1 issuing a warning,
Lock Nutzernamens, or to a 2 Avatars,
Reset In-game-fortschritts of 3 at an earlier date
Reduce Nutzerkonto-levels or their levels of 4 points, with a particular / her service connected
Blocking 5. their access to certain functions (including chats) in one or more services
Suspension Nutzerkontos of 6 for one or more services
7 long-term closure of one or more services, for a user's account
8 preventing access to one or more services on a given device, and / or
9 suspension or closure of and / or their opportunity to take a user's account or more services or part of the services to use, as defined in article 8.2 specified.
Our Anti-cheat-lösungen own and / or those of third parties to use inadmissible behaviour to identify and / or appropriate to impose sanctions.
Their we can have access to all services or a part of the services, if we restrict the suspicion should have that they are in or outside the service for our users unlawful behaviour a friendly, safe and fair environment.
Also we reserve the right, under the civil or criminal liability legal measures to take a breach of its legal or contractual obligations should be stopped and compensation for our losses to obtain.
Particularly we reserve the right to prosecute the users a service or to damage has tried has failed intentionally or the legitimate functioning of such support services disabled or disability.
7 prohibited behaviour and how can you content report?
You get in this article the necessary information and find the actions if they are content to report, in your opinion these provisions and / or intellectual property rights of a third party injured.
7.1 reporting of content, the against the rules
If satisfied that content on the services are available, not in line with these provisions, they can us this on the " report " provided that they are the service available -option is, or by increasing our customer service at https: / / support.ubi.com contact report.
To help us, your communication as soon as possible to answer please as:
The date of communication;
Her surname and first name, address, e-mail address;
The identification and description of the content, in their view, this provisions specifying the exact place; injured
A indicate the reason why they believe that this is in line with these provisions not content and from the services should be removed, with identifying the article and a proof or evidence of these provisions, if possible;
A statement in which they explain that they believe that all the information in this report are correct.
7.2 reporting of content, the breach intellectual property rights
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect the users that they feel the same.
If they consider that content on the services are available, their intellectual property rights, can you give us that hurt by e-mail to indicating the following information @ Copyright-infringement Ubisoft.com reported:
In article 7.1, requested information;
A proof that they are authorised, on behalf of the holder of the allegedly injured (right) to act right or, if they act on behalf of their company, the status of the undertaking, his name, his place of business and their function within the entity;
A unambiguous identification of the plant, which through its (e) intellectual (s) (e), the right of ownership) as indicate is protected, and any injured elements that the existence of the right (their rights) show.
Where applicable, information on all entries such rights or applications for registration of these rights, also indicating the countries in which they are registered or applied for registration was the period of validity and application; or Eintragungsnummern
A copy of the letter to the author of the controversial content, with whom he has been asked him to remove or to change, or a proof that the author could not be contacted.
7.3 our response to your report.
We reserve the right, after receiving a notification to do so, as we see fit.
We shall, in particular, the right by the content and / or to delete and they and other users to disable the use of such content to an end.
We content they remove or deactivate in violation of the regulations and / or of intellectual property rights of third published, we reserve the right to sanctions as they are set out in article 6 to be applied.
You confirm that you will be aware that the intentional and false reporting a content, for his removal to obtain or its diffusion across our services to put an end, is punishable.
8 Nutzerkonto, your be terminated.
In this article, it explains how you by them or by us be denounced Nutzerkonto can and the consequences of that denunciation.
Yes.
Both on our initiative, as well as their.
8.1 termination of their initiative. on a user's account
Nutzerkonto denounce you can you by filling in the form of: https: / / or you close to: support.ubi.com Nutzerkonto https: / / account.ubisoft.com in, " especially in the table " account if they in these provisions or one of its updated versions do not agree.
8.2 termination of or access to the service (the user account and services) on our initiative.
Nutzerkonto we can you and their ability to use one or more services or a part of these services at any time, and as we automatically suspend or close, if we can only:
You specifically asked us proof of their identity to or an action, a behaviour or a breach of this provisions to refrain from;
We reasonable grounds to believe that it against these provisions (including the codes of conduct) or any special conditions relating to a service out;
From any other reason, in conjunction with their behaviour or outside the domestic services
With advance notification, if you for more than six months was Nutzerkonto inactive.
Nutzerkonto if you have more than one we reserve the right to suspend or all your user accounts close when under this procedure, an account of us suspended or closed.
8.3 consequences of the termination / suspension of a user's account.
You can no longer content services and benefits.
Lose-and we can delete the profile and the related information-that you have submitted, together with any content, which shall publish it, or to the services provided, have uploaded their username, in particular (e) and (avatar.
We reserve the right to personal data in connection with their profile for a reasonable period, as explained in our privacy statement save.
We have them in our judgment, the establishment of a new user account and without our consent to refuse the request you explicit at https: / / support.ubi.com.
After termination of her they are not given access to their more a user's account and you lose all their Nutzerkonto files stored in conjunction with the services. and In-game-fortschritte
In case of termination of service (services) or the user account and in conjunction with her Nutzerkonto don't you get balances (e.g. for unused services, unused, unused or virtual Abonnementdauer points) or in cash or credited to Ubisoft-währung any other form of a refund converted.
9 minors to our services must access?
In this article, it is indicated as minors using parents / guardians a create and access to our services receive Nutzerkonto.
9.1 if you're a minor, they should their country of residence through their parents or guardians provisions read.
9.2 parents or guardians, we recommend the their children, in particular, to online gambling Spielaktivitäten themselves with the monitor and to familiarise by us child resistance and / or our partners will be made available.
We recommend that you visit. " our " Eltern-ecke
It is a side that we, in cooperation with experts, players and have developed. parents
Under www.ubisoft.com it may https: / / and / / en-us / company parents.aspxaufgerufen frequently asked questions and answers are available and instructions, tips.
9.3 we can access to certain services for reasons of age limit, and for minors under a certain age can we allow them, only with the consent of their parents or guardians to register.
9.4 legally permitted as far as we are taking on not accept responsibility for all activities of minors without the permission of their parents or guardians could be made.
Liable parents or guardians in all cases for any use of services by minors.
Parents or guardians if they are given permission, and your child for the services to register, vote so that the provisions for the use of services by your child.
10 what intellectual property rights are with our services and content?
In this article for details on the rights associated with our services and content and for our directive entails. under
10.1 services and content are protected by national and international laws and contracts.
Unless these provisions not explicitly otherwise specified and we keep our licensee and intellectual property rights (our respective licensor defined as below) to the services and the content.
Each reproduction or playing these elements in what way right and why is without our prior consent be prohibited.
" Intellectual property rights ' means rights to royalties inventions, copyright and related rights, trade marks, trade names, related rights, business secrets, domain names, Ausstattungsrechte, music publishing rights or rights, to rights to goodwill, rights in respect of unfair competition because Kennzeichenmissbrauchs action has been brought, rights to software, Datenbankrechte Musterrechte, rights to confidential information, Topographierechte moral rights (including know-how and) and all other business secrets intellectual property rights, in any case, regardless of whether or not they registered registered and including all applications and extensions or extensions of such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world.
10.2 criticisms, comments, suggestions, you can ideas, or other materials (" feedback ") under within or outside the services).
We welcome your enthusiasm, but you are aware that we do not obligations regarding, in particular, we are not under unaufgeforderte obliged to accept to consider to evaluate materials or return or reception of under the protocol.
They acknowledge that we developed or, products, services or functions as similar or identical with such submissions can. to unaufgeforderten
11 what conditions apply to content that they create / on our services could upload?
This article explains the different types of content on our services draw up, publish and can share, and the associated rights, the us and other users of such content them.
Ubisoft gives the user the possibility (i) which is not subject to such content itself of third party rights, and that was with the aid of tools and, where appropriate, the content, in certain services by ubisoft, and will be available (ii) such content / using the service and ugc nutzergenerierten / or on other websites and in other media presented here in accordance with the conditions published.
Ugc if a user produces he obliged to respect all regulations in these provisions, during and after the production of this substance. nutzergenerierten
These provisions shall apply even after the has been cancelled. the corresponding Nutzerkonto
11.1 ugc distinct from pre-existing is: Ubisoft-inhalten
Users acknowledges the fact that the ugc using, where appropriate, the tools and / or based on pre-existing content, such as title, in particular, include ubisoft, fictional characters, names, leitmotive, objects, costumes, effects, texts, scenes, places, diagrams, dialogues, slogans concepts, designs, graphs, animations, voice, and other musical works, performances, videos, Choreographien audiovisual effects, and other elements of a user-friendly properties or service game, was developed and manufactured.
Is without prejudice to any more agreements between the users and ubisoft, it is the other users of the services concerned and ubisoft in any case, to the extent allowed ugc, as the relevant to use and purpose of the functionality, for which the context of users in services produced and ugc was provided, requires.
Ugc use of content is made available by ubisoft
User undertakes ugc resulting from is only subject to the existing Ubisofts content following conditions to use.
Ubisoft hereby gives the user a simple, non-transferable, at any time, by the personal licence, it consists of the users of pre-existing content in the world and for the duration of ubisoft ugc the use of the services to use in order to:
Console him on the computer, the mobile phone or on other media to save for access to the services used
Him with friends in the use of exchange services, and
Him on the services and in the context of services or other your phones or in as ubisoft Partner-netzwerk Ubisoft-angebote so permits, to use.
11.2 ugc with images of the user.
Users prepared and published, as far as the image contains, and users be ugc included in that such a use by ubisoft, the image in the service of ubisoft ubisoft for the duration of worldwide and operate the services can use.
Users is therefore that such by ubisoft pursuant to the provisions in paragraphs (11.3 11.4 and can be used.
Of where the users in the services published images of other persons contains guaranteed ugc users that the prior consent of all ubisoft subjects concerning the use of each Abbildes in accordance with this paragraph 11 by ubisoft has been obtained, and users shall undertake all damage claims and free to ubisoft comply, where appropriate, where such third ubisoft is a complaint, or any other action entitled concerning the use of his collected. Abbildes
11.3 ugc without the use of pre-existing Ubisoft-inhalten.
Regarding all the users using the ugc services independent of any pre-existing content and without prejudice to any more agreements between ubisoft drawn up the user and ubisoft, allows the users, distributors, and his ubisoft licensees representatives and other authorised users, is the use of the ugc nicht-exklusiv to the extent, as the relevant purpose and context of the functionality, for the services provided by the user in established and ugc was so requires.
Global performance, this may, highlighting, performance, dissemination, transmission, processing, transformation and other indexation development, translation, digitisation, encryption and any other modification, particularly the additional comments, removal of texts or music and replacing it by selected by ubisoft, compilation of texts and music) derived based on ugc and, in particular (as in point 11.3 merchandising products), and other defined present their use, whole or in part, in all the media and with all its resources and processes, whether they are currently known or unknown, for any purpose including entertainment, information, promotion, advertising and marketing of the products or services for commercial and promotional ubisoft.
Allowing includes this after the understanding of the parties provide such allowing in respect of all the user's rights with regard to the proprietary, the trade marks, patents, ugc business, personal rights, and rights related to copyright and other intellectual and industrial property rights in the ugc.
11.4 in each case:
Is the use of by the user to any commercial purposes ugc strictly forbidden.
Users ugc is the possibility for to establish or user-generated content to publish part of ubisoft to users and provides the service offered no users, especially where the entitlement of a game or a service other users ugc is made;
Ubisoft guaranteed that the content of users or other content that he (ugc in the use of services published), the rights of third parties (or other rights), personal rights Bildnisrechte hurt and, in particular not violations of property rights or constitute an unauthorised, especially when the use of Wettbewerbshandlung ubisoft in connection with the provision of its services will take place;
Users undertakes not element (text, sound, video image) as part of the services to create, to use or to share with other to publish by ubisoft reasonably as aggressive, stress, pornographic, obviously illegally to obscene, vulgar, incitement of hatred capable of racist or public order, clearly sexually violent do may be considered.
Users is personally responsible for the production, use and publication of content in the context of services and undertakes to ubisoft its related companies, employees and, where appropriate, executives, and manager in case of an appeal, to compensate, an action of a claim or an application to ubisoft, his employees, leaders or manager as a consequence of the use or publication of content of a user.
Ubisoft reserves the right to its own defense at their own expense to keep and retain the sole control of any activity which could trigger. against the users a Wiedergutmachungsanspruch
Users agreed in such cases in full cooperation in the event that this in connection with the ubisoft defend its interests requires.
User white and adopted the fact that the ugc associated username and all users of the service during the existence of services is made, with the sole exception of, a distance of users in the context of Ugcs services ceased in by ubisoft, after the obvious lack of legitimacy or the ugc ubisoft of violation of or or other rights of third parties in Bildnis- Persönlickeitsrechten was informed.
11.5 as far as the applicable laws allow and if any starfleet or similar rights (" ") on the personal rights exist and not solely be ubisoft ugc is his personal rights in relation to the users not to ubisoft, or its licensees (distributors, agents, employees and other authorised users claim and the user is to ensure that this agreement and any other persons is taken, on the personal rights could exert ugc.
12 they can participate in our tests.
This article describes the general terms and conditions for their participation in our tests (including alpha-, beta- and Playtests).
Yes.
We can offer the services or content that are not yet commercially driven out, to test (e.g. during the alpha and, etc.) to bugs Beta-phasen Playtests and to identify and / or error to improve its functioning contribute (" "). Beta-tests
If you are entitled to take part in a and agree: Beta-test
(A) they must first a confidentiality clause and all other documents which we consider necessary to sign and to us return.
(B) they acknowledge that the beta version of content and services (" ") are strictly confidential and us Test-inhalte.
(C) we can you to reactions and proposals here.
All such reactions and proposals which it us during the state will be our exclusive property Beta-tests.
Testinhalte them " (d) be in its present form " (as is) and " according to their availability " without any explicit or guarantee provided. konkludente
Them announced that it at your own risk with the play, that they may contain Testinhalten bug and that you and the data with the Spielfortschritt Beta-test. are connected, at any time delete
(E) they acknowledge that any breach of its obligations for us an irreversible Beta-tests would cause damage and that we were allowed, all steps to injury or the threat of a violation of their obligations to prevent or for the damage done to get compensation, without prejudice to the right to terminate their a user's account.
13 monitor our services?
This article is explained how we can monitor our services, this was not always do, in particular the opinions and comments of users in the fora or through expressed. (
We support the views, advice and / or recommendations by users in the services, including all public forums, published or to provide, not responsible and support it.
Such communications are under the sole responsibility of the users concerned.
In accordance with the applicable legal provisions we monitor the content, not, communications and other information, the ugc by users in the services to be provided.
We can, even though we are not obliged to supervise, monitor our services, and in particular in moderate or websites and forums.
In any case, we do not guarantee the validity, for authenticity, accuracy or usefulness of all content, communications and / or ugc.
14 allows you to access to our services and third on our services access to content third received?
This article provides access to our services on a platform of a third party (consoles, etc.) and how we content them by advertising on our services content can show third.
Yes.
/ Platforms by third parties on services (i.e. producers of brackets, content, etc.) are offered, you will get access to certain services.
Operating conditions apply to you this third do when they on their services to the access and platforms / service in a conflict with those rules to the terms of use by those third parties services offered /, platforms should have priority.
We can also certain products, services and / or content, by requiring in our show by third parties services, or advertising and other Werbelinks Werbebanner, and we can with all insert Verkaufsförderungselemente partners of our election perform. Cross-marketing-aktionen
In both cases we can for such services, products and / or third content not be liable.
15 what conditions apply in a dispute about liability, damages and compensation?
This article describes the restrictions and exclusions for our liability shall apply and the conditions under which we have compensation can pay us or them compensation pay.
15.1 limit of liability and disclaimer.
User explicitly that recognizes the use of the services and games at their own risk is.
The services will be in its current state made available (" as "). that,
Ubisoft assumes that no guarantee and no assurance of power, in particular regarding properties or Beschaffenheitsangabe the results of the use of services in conformity, accuracy, completeness, reliability, security, etc. the same applies to the market value of the services and games, the satisfaction of the user or the adequacy of the services or games for a certain use.
Vorstehendes also applies to the freedom of services and games, including for their operation and server software, necessary, or errors, viruses or interruptions Programmfehlern, or for the damaging elements correction of those errors, bug, viruses or damaging elements.
Ubisoft finally, no guarantee or hope for the assurance of accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the information on the content and / or services and games available elements.
Especially shall not exhaustive content of all kinds, in particular the control of content (" user generated content nutzergenerierten " or ", " as defined in paragraph 11) ugc or by users of the services or the actions of the user what was published under the services.
Ubisoft is therefore no guarantee and does not assume any responsibility for the user on its own and / or the actions of other acts users of services.
Ubisoft also assumes no responsibility for products or services of a third party, the users about, and provide no guarantee ubisoft presented with regard to such products or services.
Users shall bear all costs for the use of their infrastructure services is necessary.
Users wears itself on all the commitment by time and effort or the loss of data (in particular) or with disorders or loss of Spieldaten commercial or other information risks through the use of services and games.
Users for all the damage their partners or other users of ubisoft games and services or other natural or legal persons or due to the use of all parts of the services and / or games in breach of the statutory duties or obligations under these provisions be added, solely responsible.
In the case of degraded operations, for temporary of services, including in parts, Nichtbenutzbarkeit is entitled to their discretion in is the relevant ubisoft for a term with regard to the current, ubisoft to be reasonable period should be extended; free Downtime
For services or products in relation to this is the only right of the user. this non-monetary
Any period of notice shall remain unaffected.
Therefore liable ubisoft under any circumstances in relation to the damage in damages the inability of the user, to use all or part of the services are justified.
Ubisoft shall under no circumstances for direct, indirect, accidental or unintended, by the other damage responsible use or impossibility of use of services and games arise, even if the possibility of such damage has been notified ubisoft
In case of a breach of legal or contractual obligations by the user, reserves the right to ubisoft (i)-after as the to delete and pflichtgemäßem Nutzerkonto the for the use of games and services Nutzungslizenz to withdraw and (ii) civil or criminal steps to prevent any further infringements and in terms of compensation for existing losses to companies.
Especially reserves the right to users without restriction ubisoft accountable who deliberately damage to the services have caused or have tried the services or to damage the proper functioning of services have affected or to help.
Ubisoft reserves the right to the services available wholly or partly at all times without prior notification to.
Users confirmed and accepted that he within the legal limits in the case of a dispute with ubisoft (i) the use or the licensors and his set of services and (ii) where appropriate, may cancel Nutzerkonto legal action to compensate losses can take.
Also liable only for the replacement of the acquired against payment ubisoft content.
Ubisoft after that is by the user as far as claim, recognised by a corresponding number of new elements of content and selection by ubisoft.
Liability by ubisoft, including the,,, and assignee licensor licensee and their successors in title Unter-lizenznehmer employees, managers, administrators or manager (together " the related companies ") is in any case, limited to the amount that the users in the last 12 months (12) prior to the battle for the services has paid.
Notwithstanding the above is based on the provisions of this paragraph 15 under any circumstances, a limitation of liability in the event of ubisoft for intentional or seriously action, death or injury or through negligence. violation schuldhaften sogennanter Kardinalspflichten
, Exclusions and restrictions are still in this paragraph and other arrangements in Haftungsausschlussklauseln these provisions legally permitted only where applicable.
15.2 guarantee and exemption by the user, damages.
Users undertakes to request by ubisoft, and their related companies (ubisoft as defined above), whose subcontractors and content providers against any liability, claims and damage and all related costs, including costs of breaking the rules of a prosecution or result and of which the user result is responsible or in connection with the transfer of the services or services on the ugc or, in general by the behaviour of the user in the services caused to defend and of these will be kept clear.
Notwithstanding above undertakes to users of inappropriate or illegal use of ubisoft to protect and value to keep. a user's account
This also applies to the case of inappropriate or illegal use by a third party, to which the user eligibility for use of the user account and has issued.
The recognizes his personal responsibility for its users use the services and for any within the services and activities. the communication
Ubisoft reserves the right, at its own expense the full responsibility for the defence and to take on the treatment of incidents actually users is required.
In this case is the obligation of the user, with regard to the particular case of liability ubisoft exempt.
Agreements in this paragraph remain after the termination of these provisions or of effective and enter into force. a user's account
16, there are other information they need to know?
This article contains additional information, which between them and us apply, including amendment of those provisions, in conciliation, applicable law and Gerichtszuständigkeit and consumer disputes contact details.
Yes.
Note down the other general information for this legislation.
If they are information according to which they are not looking in these conditions of use, they should under can find https: / / legal.ubi.com be available.
16.1 amendment of the provisions.
We these requirements may at any time for safety, legal, best and / or regulatory reasons change. Practice-
As the law does not used by substantial amendments to the provisions to carry out their rights, without them to allow affect therein to say yes.
If you with the amendments to those rules do not agree, will you as in article), terminate 8.1. Nutzerkonto.
They should regularly for changes, as they review provisions for them are binding.
Any use of services after the entry into force of the amended provisions, the consent to the amended provisions.
16.2 severability.
Should judicial or competent authority considers that any provision in these conditions, illegal or unenforceable, is invalid this provision shall apply or part of this provision as necessary as deleted and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of the conditions of use shall remain unaffected.
Invalid unenforceable or illegal, if any provision of this valid and would legally enforceable conditions for part of such provision deleted would this provision shall apply with the necessary for Mindeständerung legally valid and enforceable to make so that our original intentions expressed.
16.3 no surrender.
Renouncing right or remedies can only be considered as having taken place when we and you a written declaration signed.
Failure late or the exercise of such provisions contained or statutory rights or appeal by us or any other does not give any waiver of this, nor does the appeal rights or future exercise of that right or any other right or appeal from this or restrict.
Partly single and exercise of such a right or further appeal may exercise of this or any other right or appeal not exclude or limit.
16.4 complete agreement.
(A) when agreeing to those provisions has none of the parties to statements, insurance or guarantees (" assurances ") of a person, and assurances supported will not relying on the fact that are not explicitly set out in these provisions.
(B) each party agrees that the only assume its rights and remedies, the under or in connection with an assurance arise in the event of breach of contract.
(C) these rules and all the rules or instructions for a service online are published, contain the full agreement between us and them on the subject and replace and cancel all previous, or concomitant oral or written agreements, negotiations and agreements.
(D) the liability in fraud and deceit in no condition to in this article shall be limited or waived.
16.5 dispute settlement.
Out-of-court dispute resolution.
If disputes or claims that in connection with these provisions occur, the european commission a platform ready to the independent and out-of-court settlement of Online-streitigkeiten between consumers and suppliers and professional relieved at the following address is accessible: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
Applicable law.
You Nutzerkonto and all these provisions, in connection with disputes or claims you or your object or they apply arise (including disputes or claims) are the außervertraglicher laws by germany to be interpreted in accordance with them.
Willing irrevocably that for you resolution of such disputes or claims only the courts of germany are responsible.
16.6 force majeure.
We accept no liability by these provisions, if we by acts or omissions, events accidents that our reasonable control, such as strikes, failure, violence, war, telecommunications network higher turmoil, pandemic, malicious compliance with laws or administrative criminal damage, injunctions, accident, fire, flood damages of, or failure to fulfil our obligations or Subauftragnehmern from exercising our business interference or be stopped.
16.7 contact / customer service.
You find these provisions at https: / / legal.ubi.com.
To questions on these provisions, all service or content can you give us in contact: https: / / support.ubi.com
These provisions shall apply only in so far as legally allowed.
