Terms and conditions for the visa solution
Important.
Please read the following terms and conditions (" conditions ') for visas (the " visas ') solution solution carefully.
They have acknowledged that they all of these conditions have understood and to agree with them when they are in registered or a card for the solution visas visas solution is enabled.
Replace all these conditions in relation to the previous conditions visas solution.
Visas solution.
Visas solution of visa inc. (") " visa u.s.a. holdings.
Contact information for visas, see contact below.
" Visas solution ', as it is used in these conditions, all of the following means: all visa and / or click to Pay-, and services, the visa Checkout-merkmale -funktionalitäten are now available, or will be added, regardless of whether it is to pay, or click visas visas checkout under a different name be marketed, and regardless of whether they have the website or the website of the solution, as mobile visas or operated (domain Subdomain "), or on a website or function by an application or a payment institution issuing bank, dealer or a other third is offered are available (" "); the services to design, texts, logos, images, video, graphics, software and other content and materials, on the visa or its licensors solution are available, as well as their visas selection and arrangement (together ") and the " content; hardware, software and networks of visas, which with the provision of the visa solution for them associated with the
Visas solution offers them (i) the possibility, and other related information such as e-mail, Zahlungskontodaten mobile phone number and accounting and (" ") for their Lieferadressen Kartendetails, visa debit and credit cards and prepaid cards or other rechargeable to save in respect of which payment methods has decided that it for the visas use of visas are suitable (" justified " solution); and (ii) cards, the possibility of visas to use their solution to traders or other third parties, Kartendetails the click to show for visas, or accept Pay-symbol the visas to them the settlement of one Checkout-zeichen show transaction with it.
Visas Kartendetails, such as may certain and expiry date, automatic update, as inspector identity card number you by the financial institution or any other body which their legitimate (s) card (s) issued to be made available (the issuing bank "). "
Their issuing bank can additional information about their legitimate (s) card (s) provide such as the availability of, and other benefits of legitimate Prämienpunkten Ratenzahlungsoptionen card (s).
If that is the case, we present to you this information in visas solution as we are by the bank card received. their legitimate card-issuing
If you ask to this information, please refer to the issuing bank.
Processed their data in order to determine, where appropriate, visas for these options, whether they are entitled to, or benefits to show you this.
Visas solution if they provide their use of the trader or another appropriate Kartendetails third, so that the transaction can handle.
Visas may substitute for the payment account number their numerical with a legitimate visa card (a), the token to protect their legitimate cards generate is used.
They agree that the trader or any other interested parties ' information on the network for their corresponding to the transaction and that their legitimate card may submit with their legitimate card transaction selected is paid.
They recognize that the through the use of visas solution stored or of them provided or, in certain countries Kartendetails, on your behalf from their bank or dealer or third Kartenausstellenden be provided and personal financial data.
Legitimate cards you can only in conjunction with the solution used if their visa issuing bank as cardholders or and her name on the legitimate users at reasonable card is indicated.
They acknowledge and agree that they for the completeness and correctness of and other information they with Kartendetails visas solution or through the use of visas to save provide are responsible.
Do only valid use they include e-mail addresses and telephone numbers or controlled by them.
Visas validation checks may take certain of, but for visa cards before Kartendetails visas not responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide or other Kartendetails, including its whether the current and up to date are Kartendetails.
Visas solution is not a bank or payment account and fails to offer them a dealer a loan.
Each transaction with visas solution, has to carry out account entered into the on the map to the legitimate concerns transaction shall be used.
Compensation this account is one thing alone between them and the bank card. the legitimate card-issuing
Note to its operations.
Visas solution will help to transaction visas is not party to the transaction and the payment to or from a dealer in connection with its use of visas solution, including the purchase or the return of goods or services takes place exclusively between you and the trader.
Reimbursement if you or the cancellation of a visa, they must be completed transaction solution wish to the traders and / or the issuing bank card shall apply to the legitimate the transaction are used.
Please note that visas is not a party, and visas, and therefore, no disputes can solve for you from the transaction operators.
A dispute with a trader on if you have a transaction in connection with the visa solution has been implemented is alone responsible for the fight directly with the trader or through their issuing bank to.
Visas solution because of the way is not involved in this operation visas.
Servicebedingungen.
Visas solution is for all eligible cards may not available.
Visas legitimate may also at its discretion from the solution or remove visa cards prevent legitimate cards for visas and visa may also activated solution at any time or general, debit and credit rating of prepaid cards and other cards or payment methods, wiederaufladbarer the maps, legitimate change.
Eligibility.
Visas solution is available only to persons:
(I) of one of the following countries are: argentina, australia, brazil, chile, china (mainland and hong kong), denmark, germany, dominican republic, finland, france, india, ireland, italy, canada, colombia, kuwait, malaysia, mexico, new zealand, norway, austria, poland, peru, qatar, saudi arabia, singapore, sweden, switzerland, slovakia, spain, south africa, czech republic, hungary, ukraine, the united arab emirates, the united kingdom or the united states (including their territories), where visas visas in the country offering the solution (" "), who jurisdiction
(Ii) in their respective jurisdiction, or their territory, and as of age of
(Iii) are in a position, with a computer or other device to the internet access; and
Cardholders authorised users (iii) or one or more legitimate cards with proper leadership of the accounts of its legitimate cards are.
Solution access to visas from one place to the illegal or otherwise is restricted, shall be prohibited.
If your residence changes, they must immediately by the visas and in your new country logout solution, provided that it is a new register is. who jurisdiction
Unless her new location not eligible, you can once again jurisdiction register as soon as the visa solution in a new location is available.
Registration and security.
If they are for the registration or activation of a legitimate card for the visas, undertake to decide solution, accurate, up-to-date and truthful us full details of their person to make and inform us when this information change.
You confirm and as much as possible, the willing under the applicable law is allowed, that no responsibility, with your visa failure is connected or the result is that they do not correct information in visas deposit, including its failure, important information and updates on the solution. to obtain visas
If visas suspects that of them information made available or incomplete, inaccurate untrue, can their registration with the solution or visas visas their use and suspend or terminate them any current or future use of the visa solution (or part of it),.
As part of their registration, they must in some markets, a username and a password set.
These data are used to authenticate, if they are used. visa solution
Password if you must define, they should be to protect a password that you choose for visas only benefits, and their solution username and remember your password and no notes to their password to or with your desktop, tablet, mobile device or any other device to keep access to visas solution is used.
They are responsible for the protection of confidentiality of / r / passwords and their Nutzernamens password, if any.
Also decide if they are on their equipment or browser (or) to be stored or recognize their use of visas solution with a digital wallet (" ") in one or more appliances wallet to link, they are to protect the safety and access to that equipment shall.
It is important that you take this because we do not, they are responsible for losses as a result of unauthorised use of its legitimate card arise, and depending on the circumstances can it for the issuing bank their unauthorised use of the account of their legitimate card in liable.
You agree, visas without delay of any unauthorised use of their password (if applicable), Nutzernamens or their legitimate card in the solution, or if you tell visas (s) device (s) on which your memory is to be made, or the use of their visas solution with a digital wallet) link (" wallet lost or stolen, or otherwise unauthorised access have suffered or on any other existing or potential associated with their use of visas a security breach solution.
Visas reserves the right to their legitimate cards from the solution to remove or their use of visas solution to suspend or terminate and / or, if they have a password to invite it to change your password, if the view is that this not visas more is safe.
They are responsible for the use of their legitimate cards in the visa solution and to ensure that the use of or access to visas solution with these conditions, is fully
They recognize that visas () to their e-mail a passcode Einmalkennung and / or your mobile phone can send, to verify that they are, if you visas solution benefit.
We shall regularly review the security measures for the visas solution.
However, we can not guarantee that the information they via the internet, completely safe.
Karteninhabervereinbarungen.
Neither complement or change these conditions agreements with their bank cards, card-issuing entitle. Karteninhabervereinbarungen
In case of contradictions between these conditions and their rules these conditions, the relationship between them Karteninhabervereinbarung and visa exclusively in terms of visas and their solution, with its issuing bank for the Karteninhabervereinbarung relationship between you and your card-issuing bank.
They are responsible for ensuring that their use of visas solution with all parliament Karteninhabervereinbarungen
Fees, charges and taxes.
Are solely responsible for the procurement of equipment, software, hardware, radio and internet access and other requirements for the use of or access to visas, as well as for all the associated solution need fees, expenses and other charges.
Duties can for messages and data.
They are also solely responsible for all interest charges, costs or expenses the card-issuing cards you bank of legitimate, in conjunction with the solution used for all taxes and visas or associated with their use of visas Steuererklärungspflichten solution.
Data protection.
Visas processed their personal data, as may be necessary in order to express the visas (as in these conditions agreed solution available), and for related purposes in the global of visas (" ") privacy statements privacy statements are described.
Further how visas and its related companies cover and protect their personal data, if they are passed on, as well as on their choice visas solution benefit in relation to the data protection can be found in the global privacy statement of visas.
Other if you use of its services, dealer or any other bank card-issuing third operated (including the cases in which these services on the visas are available) may separate Datenschutzhinweise solution.
Visas uses the solution to the use of the visa solution Google-autofill-funktion optimised.
Google where their personal data processed, it is in accordance with the terms and conditions and data protection by google.
They are responsible for ensuring that with your account related personal data adequately and currently remain.
Property rights.
All ownership of visas solution, including the content, shall remain with the related companies and their visas, and are by applicable copyright, trademarks licensors and other property rights (including mental) and international agreements protected. Eigentumsrechtsrechte
All rights, which they do not explicitly by these conditions to remain in visas, the related companies and their licensors.
Nothing in these conditions, they are entitled, trade marks, logos and other visas Dienstleistungsmarken mark of origin, its related companies, or third parties shall be used.
" Affiliated undertaking ' means an undertaking which visas is controlled the visa or the controls under joint control with visas.
Lizenzgewährung.
Visas gives them a reduced, but not exclusive, not and it consists in not transferable licence to use unterlizenzierbare visas solution in line with these conditions, as long as they are registered in the visa solution.
Sole visas may, after a day to day this licence at any time from any cause suspend or terminate lapse.
All rights to which they are not explicitly transferred the related companies or their visas, licensors reservations.
Feedback / feedback.
Feedback if you or proposals to submit, we can leave feedback visas solution or their commitment to proposals without used.
Nutzerverhalten.
They agree that they all applicable laws, rules and regulations and other legal requirements relating to comply with their use of visas are solution.
Also do you agree:
Visas solution only within the framework of the law to use;
Visas should not in breach of these conditions to use;
Safety visas or the operation of the solution or part of the solution is not to interrupt or visas to disrupt or otherwise to abuse;
Not trying to get unauthorised access to visas or to parts of the solution to make the visa solution can not be universal access;
Visas solution is not in a way to use the as incorrect and / or libellous,, vulgar, offensive of hatred determined, obscene,, threatening, belästigend the privacy of people gotteslästerlich damaging or as a violation of rights of third parties could be considered;
Visas solution in any shape or the solution into an electronic visas to emulate, mechanical, or other to save or involve; Informationsabrufsystem
Visas solution or parts thereof not to copy, to emulate to cloning, for rent, lease to sell to commercially exploit, to modify, to disassemble, to expel, dekompilieren or to transfer; zurückzuentwickeln
No devices, or to use the software routines of the proper functioning of the solution or to affect trying to interfere with visas and / or to take no action, an inappropriate or disproportionate burden on the visas are as Lösungssystem at their own discretion visas; and
Other requirements, restrictions or limitations to comply with, as you or their visa issuing bank from time to time determine.
Garantieausschluss and limitation of liability.
Visas solution, whether as a whole or in part, including all the services provided, according to the availability and without MÄNGELGEWÄHR without express or implied guarantees of any kind, even without guarantees of property, guarantees for the tacit and suitability for any purpose marketability.
We do not guarantee that the visa is that access to or LÖSUNGSSYSTEM VIRENFREI visas free of interruptions. solution
In widest under the applicable law explicitly recognize allowable size and agree that the sole responsibility and the risk for their use of visas and their results and performance over. solution
Visas and its related companies and their respective senior executives, directors, clients, members, employees or authorised representative (together " the parties ') are liable under any circumstances, visas and for any considered, including negligence, for any damage claims or losses (including, random, indirect damage, special KOMPENSATORISCHER sequelae,, or), as well as punitive damages an exemplary damage caused or the also always these may be derived from Haftungs-rechtskonstrukt or in connection with the visa solution and / or these conditions arise that even if a visa party at the possibility of such damage claims or loss was made.
Fully public of the above, the parties liable to them for a third neither visas for: (i) their use or inability visas solution for any reason, be able to use, including its refusal to authorize a transaction, card-issuing bank or refusal by a trader, a transaction to accept; (ii) any goods, services or information it in conjunction with the visa bought or received, including solution of the fact that such goods, services or information is not received or not can repay; (iii) any disputes between you and a distributor; (iv) any inaccuracy, or false information in the incompleteness of the visa information including the solution provided by their bank or other third parties provided information; card-issuing (v) unauthorised access to their transfers, data or other information which, in conjunction with the visa solution collected, stored or sent, or their amendment or loss; (vi) error, network or system failures, or DATEIKORRUPTION SYSTEMAUSFALLZEITEN; or (vii) any SERVICEUNTERBRECHUNGEN
Also adhesion visas for the non-compliance with obligations parties do not in these conditions are set directly or indirectly from the default of equipment, transmission or or on a labour dispute, war, LIEFERPROBLEMEN a natural disaster, an act of terror, an explosion, force majeure or other event outside our control are due.
Notwithstanding other provisions in this agreement is the cumulative liability resulting from parties to them visas shows at any time to any proper charges the lower amount of (a) their actual loss or (b) us $ 100 (or the equivalent in national currency) limited.
Allow excluding or limiting some countries, certain safeguards or not, why some of the HAFTPFLICHTEN SCHADENSERSÄTZE above exclusions and limitations may not apply to it.
In those countries, the liability of visas parties at the widest, allowed by law limited.
Nothing those conditions close the liability of visas for (a) parties from death or physical injury to by their negligence caused, (b) or (c) use is made of fraud or any matter, FEHLDARSTELLUNG in it for the parties would be illegal, the liability visas or to limit or to try to AUSZUSCHLIESSEN or to limit. you AUSZUSCHLIESSEN
14 no recommendations; disputes with traders
Visas supports or not and is not responsible for sponsors: (i) issuing banks or operators of or digital (" wallet Zahlungsnetzwerken key-pouches the) or other third parties or which are linked to facilitate Bezahlerlebnis visas solution can use; (ii) the goods, services and transactions in connection with the visa solution undertaken; (iii) bought the settlement or performance / implementation of the goods or services, the sale, in conjunction with the visa solution are implemented, and bought or as transactions (iv) the retailers with goods or services can be bought or with which a transaction in connection with the visa solution is carried out.
15 websites, content and resources from third parties
Visas solution may have accessible, to facilitate the Drittanbieter Transaktionserlebnisses, including the websites, domains or contribute applications and may allow them to direct links to such third or websites, content and resources from third, including social media, link or access.
They recognize that visas do not control the views, opinions or content such third or their websites, applications, contents and or resources, and not necessarily in accordance with these by other undertakings or persons who will be made available. visas
They acknowledge and agree that visas for the availability of such websites, applications, contents and or resources is not responsible.
They also recognize that they do not fall visas for losses or damages liable to them by those third parties, including the websites, domains, applications, contents or resources, arise, including the third losses or damages it in conjunction with purchases via the visas suffer solution be phased out.
16 visas solution and this amendment conditions; end
Visas is his sole discretion, some or all aspects of visa solution, including the availability of part of the solution, or at any time without notice visas to end it, change, suspend, modify or improve set and they agree that visas them or to third parties can not be held liable if any of these measures.
Their continued use of visas solution after, modifications or changes or improvements to individual all aspects of the solution, as is made visas are in agreement with these amendments, modifications or improvements and to the applicability of these conditions to the visa solution with these changes, modifications or improvements designed.
If you do not agree with any of these conditions, do not use the visa solution.
Visas reserves the right to these conditions at their own discretion, at any time to change.
Visas can change by these conditions a new version with a reference published, which we in the circumstances to be appropriate, including a reference to our website or any other such website, for the purpose of providing the solution with visas.
We publish always the most up-to-date version this conditions on the website.
The recent change marks the date '. " each as amended
Where under the applicable law is permitted, their continued use of or participate in the visa solution after such change its approval of these changed circumstances.
You can use their visas solution, even if they stop at any time with our amendments to the conditions do not agree.
You can see registration with the solution using the lift visas advice given in section " customer " on the visas followed. support Lösung-website
Visas can their access to the visa solution or their use, with immediate effect at any time and without prior notice or suspend commitment to interrupt or stop, (i) if you breach of these conditions or (ii) from all other economically justifiable reason at the sole discretion of visas.
Visas liable to them for a suspension, interruption, termination, amendment or modification they use the or their access to the visa solution.
Stay after the end for all payments made and all of them under these conditions commitments liable.
General conditions.
A. communications.
They agree that visas them and other information related to the notifications by e-mail, by publications on visas to the website or other forms of electronic communications may send.
All electronic communications from us to you " in writing " shall be construed as communications and regarded as you served whichever is earlier, either at the date on which it is actually received, or five days after the date of dispatch or dissemination.
We are not obliged to you on paper to provide additional communications relating to their use of visas solution relate.
It is their responsibility to ensure that their communications from us. regularly e-mail
They must ensure that e-mails from us not in their blocked and that of your email account specified email address is currently.
Also authorise us all instructions given to us send them to. electronically
There must be a username for their visas in place to access information electronically Lösung-konto or any activities in relation to their visas shall be conducted. Lösungs-konto
B. surrender.
Destination if we or a right for these conditions do not assert, this is not or late as our waiving the determination or the right interpretation.
C. all the agreements.
Such conditions shall all the agreements concluded between them in terms of their visas and use of visas solution.
D. severability.
They visas and agree that if a provision of this condition is illegal null and void (also) or from any cause law court is unenforceable as this provision of these conditions apply and do not affect the abtrennbar validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
E. interpretation.
Unterüberschriften headings and should not be considered for the purpose of interpretation, but are only the comfort of reading due.
Words like " this, " " this " and " he " refers to the total of those conditions, not just on a part of it.
The word " including " means " including without limit. "
In each use this includes the and the majority and the most relevant and, also referred to the use of a sex all equality.
F. relationship between the parties.
These conditions are not so designed that it is a joint venture, a partnership, employment or between them and to grow, visas Vertreterbeziehung and they are not eligible, in the name of visas commitments or declarations.
G. indemnification guarantee.
As far as the law permits, explain agreed, the parties of any losses, visa requirements, damage claims or liabilities fines and costs and, on the basis of exempt to defend, in conjunction with or from the violation of these conditions damage they.
H. settlement & applicable law.
The greatest possible extent be free and that they agree on visa:
(1) where they reside in a other than those in (2) mentioned below shall be eligible the following regulations and jurisdictions arbitration:
This section contains a provision for arbitration.
Please read this provision carefully.
They intended to all claims relating to visas solution or these conditions by a binding arbitration procedure to be resolved.
In arbitration have neither the right nor visas, or a jury on the court to enforce claims claims to decide.
Claims can only be resolved individually.
Discovery prior to the hearing and the rights to the objection is limited, but after the hearing, the damages and compensation, as conciliator impose under these conditions, is permitted.
All disputes, claims or controversy, the pleas in law from the visas solution or these conditions have arisen or associated with it, including the emergence, design, injury, compliance, termination enforcement, interpretation or validity of those conditions, the validity and enforcement of this provision and determining the volume or the applicability of the agreement to conciliation in this section (h (1) as dispute ') the arbitration may be subject, shall only be in accordance with the procedures set out in this section and the arbitration settled.
Any dispute between them and visas must be resolved by a binding arbitration, except that they, if they are, the court of small claims us residents claims (small claims court) can assert (if your claim is appropriate to that).
This arbitration shall only apply to disputes with visas in relation to the visa solution.
Card-issuing dispute with her if you have the legitimate bank card, you should has spent this dispute with your bank clarify. card-issuing
Each arbitration between them and is in accordance with the visa jams and procedures of jams managed, comprehensive rules of arbitration if they are located in the united states, and in accordance with international rules of arbitration of if you outside the us jams are located, where these rules not contrary to this provision.
They may receive a copy of the rules by jams by in contact with + 1-800-352-5267 jams in 620 eighth avenue, 34th floor, new york, ny, usa letter or online under 10018 www.jamsadr.com or www.jamsinternational.com.
Any rights will be based individually debts.
This means; that it is prohibited to them and visas of arbitration, or to other parties to participate or to join them, if you and not in writing something otherwise agreed visas, and they and visas it is prohibited for claims as representatives or as a member of a conciliator may operate. KLÄGERGRUPPE
By assuming these conditions and on the right to waive the visa participation in a collective redress.
This arbitration will before a (1) arbitrators.
Arbitration proceedings shall be by telephone, online (i) and / or purely on written submissions based carried out and the arbitration proceedings will Durchführungsart party hard; and (ii) no personal appearances of the parties or witnesses except include both parties agree then.
Inhabitants eligible countries in the middle east, the geographic / mediation in the dubai international financial centre to carry out unless the parties agree otherwise jointly.
The conciliator, they jointly agreed and visas.
Visas if you and does not concern a referee can agree, it shall be determined in accordance with the referee. Jams-prozeduren
Should dispute for any reason in court, do not be negotiated in arbitration instead of both you and visas on the right to a Schwurgerichtsverfahren.
You can choose a lawyer to instruct, so must but do not.
Each party shall be responsible for their own lawyers ' fees and costs, unless it is provided otherwise in applicable law of the conciliator.
The party that the arbitration, pay the application fee (except initiated this is due to an otherwise determined.) jams Härtefalls
Visas Administrations- is any other, in relation to the arbitration and Fallmanagement- Schlichtergebühren through direct payment to jams vorschießen.
Arbitration at the end of may of visas charges paid between them and visas in determining the conciliator in accordance with the assigned. Jams-prozeduren
All issues by conciliator decide with respect to volume including open questions and enforceability of such term for arbitration.
All decisions of the conciliator shall be final.
A claim against the award may be submitted before each competent court.
This clause should not prevent parties provisional appeal as support for the arbitration procedure before a competent court procedure.
As far as relevant laws may be is the liability of the in section 13 described borders. visas
These conditions and the consequent rights of the parties shall be subject to the laws of the state of delaware subject to disputes or rules for election of jurisdiction.
If arbitration in this section as unenforceable or is the absence of for some reason, in a case not Sammelklagerechte enforceable in which allegations of were drawn up, then, the in collective redress (2) described below provisions on applicable law and the election of Gerichtsstands.
The rest of this section shall apply to persons resident in the united states:
The conciliator can not criminal or, unless the statutes after payment may be necessary, or interest until the date of award impose, nor can the conciliator random, or indirect, including compensation for damages arising on loss of revenue for or third parties any damage.
Any relief can not to other users of visas effect. solution
Parties confirm that these conditions a transaction, with the involvement of trade between us states (interstate commerce) show.
Notwithstanding the provision in the previous paragraphs relating to substantive law applicable, in accordance with the conditions that are subject to every arbitration and of this section is carried out, the federal arbitration act (9), 1-16. U.s.c sections
. When they reside in (i) argentina, brazil, canada, or of any interested in europe, jurisdiction (ii) eligible, in the arbitration in paragraph jurisdiction (1) above for unenforceable is deemed, or (iii) any other eligible, in the absence of the jurisdiction in a case where collective redress Sammelklagerechte were raised, for some reason for unenforceable is found, then: (x) all disputes or claims arising from or pleas in law in connection with these conditions or visas arise that are subject to the laws of the solution, according to their country of residence eligible jurisdiction; these laws designed and (y) all disputes or claims arising from or pleas in law in connection with these conditions or the visas, are competent civil solution shown in this eligible decided jurisdiction.
Any compelling consumer protection laws shall continue to apply.
I. transfer.
Do these conditions by operation of law or otherwise only with the prior written consent of visas to another dismissed.
Visas reserves the right to these conditions, as well as the rights and duties thereof to a third party without notice to you or approved by them to go.
Above subject to these conditions are binding on them, and for their benefit, and also against them and their respective successors in title and assignee enforceable.
You can have your use of visas, even if they end solution at any time with our assignment are not happy. these conditions
J. country-specific rules.
I only for residents of argentina
The consumer protection legislation shall provide that any legal person, consumers or users within the city of buenos aires, sell or market services, and a web page, a link to the " dirección general de protección al Consumidor " insert must defensa y.
To defensa y dirección general de protección al " " enquiries and complaints to contact order, please: / defensadelconsumidor www.argentina.gob.ar.
.
Only for residents of austria
Notwithstanding paragraphs to limit liability in paragraph 15 above or other explanations of visas shall apply to limitation of liability of austria of:
Visas SCHADENERSATZHAFTUNG due to cases of slight negligence is excluded.
Limitation does not apply to the above, in particular for a mandatory legal liability, liability under the austrian GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSANSPRÜCHE PRODUKTHAFTUNGSGESETZ and liability for personal injuries caused campaign.
Beyond apply not, as a visa limitation of liability or a special guarantee specific obligation in relation to the subject matter has taken over the for the liability is.
.
Only for residents of the china (except hong kong, macao sar and taiwan
They recognize that the only solution for use by them visas for cross-border with traders outside the mainland of " foreign exchange transactions, china is available.
All traders in mainland china, the visas shall only be entitled to solution, that of mainland china to do Nicht-einwohner.
.
Only in germany persons
Notwithstanding paragraphs to limit liability in section 13 above or other explanations of visas shall apply to residents of germany of limitation:
Contractual and legal liability of visas for easy damage caused, for what justification of negligence, is as follows: limited
Visas liable for (a) infringement of an essential at the level of contractual obligations, foreseeable harm; VERTRAGSTYPISCHEN
Visa (b) shall not be liable for violating non-essential nor for the slightly unintentional contractual obligations applicable due diligence. other injury
HAFTUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNGEN shall not apply to the above a compelling, particularly for the legal liability arising under the and liability for personal injuries caused PRODUKTHAFTUNGSGESETZ campaign.
Moreover, this does not, as a liability limits special visas. guarantee
On liability for visas for the provisions of paragraphs (a) expenditure futile and (b) accordingly.
You bound, appropriate measures to be taken. and mitigation SCHADENSABWEHR
.
Only to persons established in india
Visas solution is in india of visas worldwide. pte ltd
K. Weitergeltung.
Despite ending this conditions apply these conditions continue to apply to any use of visas solution by them from the resignation.
All sections conditions which by its nature, the termination of last should last involving the termination of these conditions or their use of the visa, including solution and no restriction on the section concerning the settlement of disputes and applicable law.
L. contact us.
If you ask or concerns about the visa solution, please visit the Faq-bereich on the web.
Faqs if your questions or concerns not answer, they can post in visa inc., u.s.a. solution, 900 visas metro blvd.,
94404-2172 foster city, ca, usa, or by e-mail to turn.
Last updated: 27 may 2021
