Www.weebly.com https: / / / terms-of-service? lang = en
Notified on 13 december 2018:
Date: december 2018.
Inhaltsrichtlinien
Following Websitesarten are not allowed: Weebly
• for adults: nudity in a sexual framework visible genitals or Erwachsenenthemen
• copyright content: music, films or games, for which they have no rights
• content:, violence or hate speech is au against certain individuals or groups. hatred, such as race, religion, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation.
The above listed should only serve as an example, and not a complete list of individuals or groups are the target of hate speech might be.
• spam /: a website for the sole purpose seo is a high position at google, facebook " likes " to achieve, etc.
• phishing: a website that the user led his username and password to enter
• illegal content: content, in the united states or according to the laws of other countries illegally can be
• Scams, " get rich quick " ponzi scheme or other dubious methods
• advertising: blend of excessive excessive advertising on its website, including more than three Werbeblöcke per page
• File-hosting: mounting of websites, not with the Weebly-editor established
• harmful experience: websites, which the element " custom " to the html a leads to how extremely repulsive Benutzererfahrung blinking, excessively movements or content, banner in animated innocent visitors may cause seizures
• illegal / products: websites, articles misplaced offer or sell illegally, weapons, forged, stolen, fraudulent, are the rights of the damaging breach and the privacy / advertising are dirty, to pornographic or produced weapons or weapons to be should be.
This list is one, and is not to be complete Schnellverweis to take.
For ausführlicherere information please read carefully the conditions below.
1 adoption of conditions
Thank you very much for your benefit! Weebly
This conditions (" conditions ') is a legal contract between them, and (as defined below) Weebly and is its use of for the compilation of websites and access your Weebly-dienstes to destroy, websites, including Website-hosting-services mobile applications, and other Kommunikationswerkzeuge services (together " the E-commerce-tools service "), which on the website (http: / /) and associated domains are available, weebly.com their holders is (together " the website " Weebly) or otherwise of Weebly be made available.
Using service for any way, do you agree and accept these conditions, our instructions or directives and other legal Datenschutzhinweis, to be published on the website.
If our service for an organisation use vote these conditions on behalf of this organization.
These conditions also apply if they use the service on a pilot basis.
You should not accept these conditions, we ask you not to use this service.
Whenever in these conditions, one of the terms ", " " we, " " Weebly us " or " our " is used, it refers to the company square, with which they have a contract.
Their contractors, the entity shall be determined in general after the country of residence.
In the country of residence " are the jurisdiction, either because of their choice or express their place of residence by analysis with their is linked, with Weebly with their various Weebly-konto related to be used. Weebly-konto Datenattribute
• the usa is the country of residence, then they have a contract with square, inc., 1455 market street, suite 600, san francisco, ca 94103, united states.
• canada's country of residence, then they have a contract with square technologies, inc.
• japan's country of residence, then they have a contract with kk square.
• australia's country of residence, then they have a contract with square, au pty ltd.
•'s country of residence, the united kingdom or any other country than the usa, canada, japan and australia, then they have a contract with Squareup international ltd.
In addition to the above mentioned restrictions do not create or otherwise the service Weebly-konto use, if you have not legally agreements must, for example if you in the country of residence underage.
If them in their country or their region underage, you must have a only under the supervision and with the agreement Weebly-konto one or legal guardian or, alternatively by a special create and use by a Studentenkonto on teachers, provided that the teacher was produced education.weebly.com has a signed consent of the parents or legal guardian.
Description of the service.
Our Web-basierter service allows users to an account (each a " account holder '), a register to compile and update. Online-website
Following notification shall each account holder his or her own website and " " ('s content is defined) 8.
All new functions of the service, including the publication of new resources and shall be subject to these conditions. Weebly-tools
To service to use, they must have access to the internet, either directly or through equipment operating on content, and they must have access Web-basierte all fees with the associated. Internetzugriff
They also need to provide for all apparatus such a connection to the internet to create, including a computer. Web-fähigen
Certain communications service could involves as, administrative and Weebly news Service-ankündigungen newsletter.
Such communications shall be part of the considered. Weebly-mitgliedschaft
Do in any other way on the access to the service that we provide them Service-oberfläche.
Registration.
For to us as the account holder must provide a valid and other personal information (" email address. Anmeldungsdaten
Kontenbeschreibung pick your password and for their web sites during the from, and they would a Anmeldungsvorgangs Weebly provided. id
Confidentiality password and they are for the responsible for all activities that account under your account take place.
Owing to the use of the service and you agree, true, accurate, up-to-date and complete to maintain and update. Anmeldungsdaten
Information if they provide the untrue or incomplete, out of date, inaccurate or if a legitimate reason to believe has Weebly that such information, out of date, inaccurate untrue or incomplete, then we can suspend your account or close and any current and future use of the service or part thereof.
In addition to the in section 9 listed below, restrictions may 13 people under accounts by not create or use Weebly.com.
Students under 13 may, however, by a special, which create Studentenkonto Weebly by her teachers by was drawn up, provided that the education.weebly.com a consent of the parents of students, teachers had obtained.
Weebly-datenschutzerklärung.
Our Datenschutzhinweis (at: https: / / erhältich / privacy), a part of www.weebly.com these conditions is describes how we their and certain other information they collect on Anmeldungsdaten, protect and used.
We wanted to ask this, and the information contained therein Datenschutzhinweis read to use to informed decisions.
Website-konto and security.
Are for the maintenance of security and its website, for all your account activities carried out under the or actions which account or in connection with the website has been made responsible.
You agree, us immediately of the unauthorised use of the account or other breaches of safety to contact.
We are not liable for loss or damage resulting from their violation of these arise. Sicherungspflicht
You confirm and undertake that under no circumstances or their subsidiaries, Weebly Konzergesellschaften, directors or employees in some way Handlungsbevollmächtigten manner and for their actions or omissions, or the third party, including liability of any kind of damage to the acts or omissions.
Property rights.
Weebly is the holder of the website and the services.
The website and use the service content, functionalities, and features, including the show, but not limited to captive software inventions, copyright, labels, logos, and slogans, Handelsaufmachungen Service-marks claims whose holder or other third parties are not angegliederte Weebly by the u.s. and international copyright, patent, and / or Betriebsgeheimnis- Markenzeichen-, or other intellectual property protection. Eigentumsrechtsgesetzen
No part of the website, copied, printed, appropriate transferred or otherwise for any purpose without the prior approval of the relevant intellectual property or Weebly Drittinhaber used or other than other provisions listed. here ausdrücklih
We shall all rights exposed in these conditions does not explicitly.
The confidential and proprietary software, each service, which, in conjunction with the service is used materials (such as defined below), content in advertising of the information they on the sponsors, or service or advertisers and all other materials and services received by or about to be made available, are owned by Weebly of us or other parties who their materials available content or services and are licensed by copyright, trademarks, business secrets and other intellectual property rights protected.
They shall be responsible for ensuring that their use of these materials, including " professional photographs " or " free " by the photos will be made available exclusively service in accordance with all the relevant laws and is carried out on all the terms and conditions governing these materials are applicable.
Under no circumstances can you or to third parties for their use Weebly materials responsible if it against the law or any conditions applicable to these materials rejected.
' Material ' refers to all (s) software, texts, designs, " look and feel Softwaredokumentation, " layout, photographs, graphics and audio, video, communications, and messaging, design and interactive functions, files, documents, pictures or other material, whether publicly or privately placed, as well as was transferred all derived works that on each of the service provided or Weebly.
Material you can do that to the extent and only to the extent of access and use, to use the services under these conditions is needed, and in the case of material that property is and you or the third service or by this provided Weebly was, in accordance with the conditions for this material of third parties.
This authorisation allows you not to save, copying the materials to reproduce new to publish to change to upload to translate items in size, for rent, to lease, detract from to give to sell, drive, to transfer to provide indicate to convert to and missile, dekompilieren zurückzuentwickeln (decrypt or otherwise to try any or in source code or ‑ Programmier, together with the materials used, disclose) or by other means than in the conditions referred to specifically authorised to spread.
Do rights to this service or these materials not sell dismissed, you should not give over, unterlizenzieren or otherwise have the right to the service or the materials to modify a work on the basis of service or the materials to create or the service or the materials in any way to commercially exploit not expressly allowed in these conditions.
All use of the services or the materials for purposes other than in these conditions and associated conditions of use is specifically authorised third expressly forbidden.
We shall all rights exposed in these conditions does not explicitly.
All trademark,, logos, slogans and service marks (Werbezeilen individual and collective " brand " or " rights ") are owned by Weebly or their respective owners.
Unless these conditions have not expressly provided otherwise, no licences or rights to use any marks without the express written approval of the relevant acknowledged. or Weebly Dritt-markeninhaber
Professional photos: " " with the purchase and / or professional use ", " which on the service photos are available, do you agree that (i) " they " are on their professional photographs, and only for display in digital form Weebly-website use, (ii) it " professional " neither sell change, photos, do show replicate reuse or otherwise use (iii), if one " professional ' means a person, and photo in connection with a sensitive, or controversial subject is used, an unfavorable statement that the image only is used and the fact that the Veranschaulichungszwecken person on the image to a model, and (iv) in the " no " professional photo " function or remove or right click enable metadata its website not, or in order to disassemble zurückentwickeln dekompilieren download or the use of individual " " to allow professional photos.
Also do in the following cases not " professional ": (i) individually use photos, (ii) without further content, for pornographic, or any other illegal purpose, libellous (iii) for the purpose of establishing or printed material production (iv) in physical or digital, posters, calendars as E-karten retail products or, (v) in order to support for screen savers or a sponsorship of in the " professional " object or a relationship with photos contained such a propose or pretend (vi) for the purposes of release for a file sharing or (vii) in the image logos, trademarks, or other identifiers. or Dienstleistungsmarken Markenentwicklungen
7 their rights to their content
Weebly is not land on their content (as defined below).
They give us, however, its agreement to the service throughout the world, its content and all the measures for their content hosten service to take on the hosten (such as the production of copies or or dissemination of its content). Neuformatierung
In other words, they give us and our successors in title, the global subsidiaries and non-exclusive, fully paid, transferable exempted, and their right to continued irrevocable unterlizenzierbare around the world in all the media content to use to reproduce, should be amended to adapt to publish derived thereof to produce works and public display list and spread.
Copyright confidential or we do not want information from them by the service or by e-mail received.
Weebly-vertreter unless otherwise agreed with an authorised all materials can information or ideas they to us because, without compensation or transferred to any guarantees or used spread including but not limited to the development, production and marketing of products.
Although this provision does not on the content or the personal data.
They are, in return for our applied. Datenschutzhinweis
8 content and rules and obligations for practices
All information, data, texts, software, music, sound, photographs, videos, communications, were graphics, products, services or other materials which them on a website on the service (" ") are the exclusive content, the property of the person is content.
They are for all content that they publish or otherwise transferred, upload on the service making available responsible.
We have no control over the content that they have the service published.
Includes nicht-personenbezogene their contents of buyer / seller or Verhaltensdaten, transaction data through the use of the's be generated (in Weebly ecommerce-plattform " "), not with a. Plattform-daten
Weebly owns the whole and used this for the, Plattform-daten Servicebetrieb improvements and analysis.
They are also responsible for its contents to compile. Backup-kopien
Using service you could content offensive, or are reprehensible be suspended. unsittlich
Under no circumstances liable for the content of its content or we third, including, but not limited to any errors or omissions in their content or losses or damages of any kind, as a result of the transfer or publication of content created or otherwise on the service to be made available.
They recognize that we consider the content in advance but have the right (but not the obligation), content, and the service are available on the reject to move or delete it.
We reserve the right content that of these conditions or breach in our sole discretion indecent to remove elsewhere.
You must all risks associated with the use of content and assess, respectively.
You can not just content that of us were produced from.
They acknowledge and agree that we must save and reveal content, where this is required by law or in good faith that such storage or disclosure is necessary to reasonably: (a), (b) comply with legal provisions enforce these conditions; (c) to claims, the claim that the rights of content to respond; or hurt third (d) to protect our rights, our property or our personal safety and the protection of the rights of property or personal security of our users and the public.
Technical processing and transmission of the service, including the content, may (a) transfers on various networks; and (b) amendments to respect and adapt to the technical requirements of other related networks or devices include.
They will not perform acts of the following:
A. upload items, they will not content, or otherwise transferred to provide
I. illegal, harmful, offensive, threatening, without,, vulgar, belästigend libellous obscene, or racist, ethnically, when deception or otherwise indecent or other data protection (including, inter alia, addresses, violate email addresses, telephone numbers and other contact information without the written consent of the owner of information),
.
For them on the basis of laws or contractual or relations have no right to transfer (treuhänderischer such as insiders, secure and confidential information which storage under employment or under experienced or were sent down to them the confidentiality arrangements)
.
The patents, trade marks, copyright, rights to privacy, business secrets or public or other proprietary rights of third parties (e.g. music, films, images, save or to which they have no rights games) hurt
.
The unsolicited commercial e-mail, or ' spam ' are-including unethical marketing, advertising, or other with ' spam ' clinics such as (i) related the purpose of sending to recipients, other than those requested Massen-e-mails have or with a fake, (ii) the spread of a Absender-adresse website with inadequate left, titles, descriptions or (iii) the dissemination of their website through the publication of several posts in public forums, which are identical.
Softwareviren v. the, worms, trojan or other, include programmes which files or computer codes the service, the social or social hardware or interrupt Computersoft, destroy or in its functionality equipment relating to telecommunications or limit the ability of a service to access Weebly-nutzers may affect
.
Intend exploit as in " the user will get rich quick ", " for the surfing, paid pyramids / or in other storage methods, or dubious Multi-level-marketing
.
Naturally for adult as any in a context or sexual content with nudity or presentation visible genitals. Erwachsenenthemen
As they are in no way harm minors.
C. they are somebody else ", " or otherwise stalken harass here.
D. you won't be for persons or undertakings to spend including, inter alia, a leader, or presenter or Weebly-mitarbeiter Forumsleiter their belonging to a person or undertaking wrong indicate or otherwise distort.
E. they will not counterfeit or otherwise header to the origin of identifiers manipulate content which on the service be entrusted to conceal.
F. theirs will be the service or the service connected servers or networks do not affect or suspend and not neglect, requirements, procedures, guidelines or regulations in service with the related media followed.
G. they are intentionally or unintentionally not applicable local retail or federal laws or regulations or foreign ‑ hurt.
You must all applicable laws relating to the allotment of technical data from the united states or the country in which they live, hold.
Website if they are, or the service materials outside the united states of america, they are used for compliance with all applicable laws and fully responsible, including rules on acceptable behavior in the internet, data protection and export and import provisions of other countries;
H. there will be no instructions to promote or provide no physical illegal activities damage or injury to groups or individuals promote or support. cruelty to animals
Fully providing this may instructions for building of bombs, grenades and other weapons or Brandsätzen; include
I. they shall be the service rather than a service for the distribution to another website benefit or google or other " likes " or Seo-rankings ‑ or other social networks facebook or websites and similar fraudulently. Abstimmungsmechanismen manipulate
J. they will or not personal data for unlawful or third passwords for trying. Phishing-zwecke
K. theirs will be the scope of the services for which they have declared not exceed (e.g. by access and use of tools, for which they have no right of use or by delete add or otherwise of change or other content). Benutzerkommentaren
L. they shall not be more than three Anzeigeblöcke on one side or the user-friendliness of the advertising accommodate website strongly reduced mount.
M. will have no files with the sole purpose to upload from us to leave with the outside a and hosten service (e.g. with the website shall be used.) produced Weebly-editor
N. none will create, with custom programming website adverse caused. Benutzererfahrung
Examples include, but are not limited to extremely animated, blinking banner excessively movements or content that seizures in innocent could lead to visitors;
O. you will under no circumstances any use under the open-source software affero general public license version 3 is in.
P. ‑ ‑ or you'll be our e-mail or assistants chat telephone services not treat. incorrectly
And
Q. they will have no other measures during the use of the services take the service or reputation, which Weebly detrimental Weeblys at their own discretion decides.
We reserve the right to any accounts or users who against any of the above prohibitions out, to resign.
Weebly on sale.
Some of our services and materials may give them the opportunity, products or services via websites or developed by to sell or Weebly gehostete to buy those goods and services (hereinafter referred to as "). " Handelsprodukte
We merely provide the platform for buyer and seller in order for these transactions commercial products.
Weebly to be able to sell, they must be at least 18 years old or at least in their countries of residence and they must have reached the age of her full name, their current address, a valid email address and other information requested of us aircraft.
Kontoeigentums in case of disputes regarding the we reserve the right to request documents in order to account holders to identify or to confirm.
A scanned copy of the documentation can a government issued id Geschäftslizenz with photo, the last four numbers indicate the Kreditkartendaten, etc., but is not limited.
If a commercial products, the purchaser buys on our payments settled. Dritt-zahlungsdienstleister
Buyer commercial products are received a communication, if your. enter payment information
This will be to the conditions and the forward. Dritt-zahlungsdienstleisters privacy statement
This solely by the terms of use and the payment services are payment service provider's data protection rules set.
We are not responsible for the actions of this. Dritt-zahlungsdienstleister
In addition to the other in these conditions described it to the rules and requirements listed below rules on offer, sell or purchase of commercial products followed.
They will not offer or selling Handelsprodukte
• illegally or potentially are illegal, including those who forged, stolen or based on historical importance is limited.
Commercial products, which, through the use of these services sold must not violate existing laws.
This also applies to commercial products to persons outside the united states;
• intellectual property or the personal rights of another have the capacity to hurt or infringe or potentially offensive, or otherwise; libellous defamatory
• our discretion as improper, offensive, sexually explicit or violent regard pornographic; or
• primarily as weapons or intended to be used as weapons, including firearms, prohibited apparatus or ammunition.
We shall, at their own discretion to determine whether commercial products referred to in these general terms and conditions ' weapons ' constitute; or
• offered for sale or commercial products or images by third parties (including those of names known personalities or without consulting the famous persons) use of the third party has sought to have permission.
Fees and payment.
They may a contract for a month (1), six (6) months, 12 (12) months or 24 months (24) with holder Weebly
Servicefunktionen require some of the fees, such as on the website for each service (" "). be described fees
If it is for these functions, they must all corresponding fees pay registered letter.
We reserve to ourselves our prices to amend and / or certain parts of the service from together and can do this at any time. Preisgründen
Empower us all necessary investigations necessary to bring the account and financial information must be validated.
All fees are calculated in dollars and does not include taxes, charges, duties or any similar state route including, inter alia of added value import, sale, storage, consumption or withholding missile storage from any jurisdiction can be set (together " the taxes.
It is their responsibility, to decide what possible taxes on the payments you make or receive, are to be applied, and it is also in their sole responsibility, the correct taxes and the competent authority should recover to report and to refer to this.
We provide services if you buy the are, allow it or subject to a fee Weebly storage their and our Drittdienstleistern in the us, authorise Kreditkartendaten you supplied with (a) charges for the payment services acquired and (b) relevant taxes, together with their use of the services to compromise.
They are all of us and interest on overdue amounts to repay. collection charges
If the card to payment, and they have deposited is no new provide entitle us chart information you and you stay for all accounts to issue further fees responsible.
At the end of your term contract at another term until they extended the treaty clearly stopped and their preferred shall be debited. payment method
Automatic prolong the existing treaty can at any time.
STORNIERUNGSANTRÄGE you can all at any time by e-mail to http: / / bodies or by by our Hc.weebly.com Help-center call.
11 termination and changes to the services
Service denounce, if you your resignation take effect immediately.
After termination, they will not have access more on their website, and if necessary we will delete all information on its website.
We accept no liability for such deleted information or content.
As long as we continue to service that, we will try to improve this update and expand.
This allow them access to the we offered and accessible at any time without additional obligations, provided that this service does not explicitly in this circumstance.
We reserve the right to full or partial changes, additions,, the exclusion of the interruption or Zugriffsverweigerungen the termination of the services (e.g., changes to the limit or capacity), also the Datenspeicherungen right to price changes at their own discretion for all or part of our services for you or for all users.
All of these modifications shall take effect as soon as they published on our website or notified them directly, if not otherwise specified.
We shall also the right content that belong to your account without prior notice, to remove or to cancel back if you in our opinion, in contrast to these agb.
To avoid any misunderstandings, we are not obliged to copies of the content that they or other with the use of our services provide, store, or be made available to them.
We reserve the right to the telephone or also to restrict or stop if you Chat-support a disproportionate amount of claim or this Kundendienste our ability to other users to support otherwise adversely affect (this is in accordance with our sole discretion, there.
Geld-zurück-garantie.
Monatskonten Weebly-konten paid include all except the one 30-tägige Rückgabegarantie.
They should be dissatisfied with this for some reason, they can full Konto-service reimbursement receive if you are your account within 30 days after the activation or within 30 days following the extension of their treaty quit.
Please send requests for reimbursement to http: / / hc.weebly.com with subject. application
During its term can your service in at any time or. Weebly hochstufen herabstufen
This treaty if they resign, we will be your payment within 14 days following receipt of information on its decision to withdraw back to and they are the reimbursement on the same of the original Zahlungsweg regain transaction have used.
The credit is coming from, and they can not offset Servicemonaten Weebly bar are paid out.
A downgrading of its account can the loss of content, functions or the performance of their account.
We accept no liability for such losses.
13 services, software and web sites of third parties, no tacit support
Weebly be liable for losses or damages or through the use of the provision of services, of the product, the software or the website third including, inter alia, such content such as texte, dokumente, designs, photos, videos, images, video, audio, artwork, graphics files, communications, audiovisual, interactive or contributions, functions, files, Instant-messagings documents or other material (" together "), third generation, regardless of Drittanbietermaterialien whether you right through the website or to the service or have been redirected or not. linked Drittanbietermaterialien
Supports Weebly neither the responsibility still takes Drittanbietermaterialien Weebly and does not commitments in relation to the reliability and accuracy, nature, provenance, quality or use. this Drittanbietermaterialien
They shall be responsible for ensuring that their use of including those of service or Drittanbietermaterialien on this will be made available, only in conformity with all the relevant laws and all valid licences or other contracts terms and conditions.
Under no circumstances can you or to third parties for their use Weebly or alleged use of materials responsible.
Also Drittanbietermaterialien, such as e-mail, applies, including e-commerce and payment services, but not limited to, paypal, square, with payment facilities Authorize.net stripe can conditions and the, and they alone are subject to data protection directives Drittanbieter are for the review, the approval and compliance with those prior to the use of responsible. Drittanbietermaterialien conditions
Any Drittanbietermaterialien is the use in their own discretion and takes place at their peril.
Unless they agree with the general conditions or licensing agreements load not Drittanbieters down and you don't use them Drittanbietermaterialien.
Drittanbietermaterialien using the service on the transfers no rights, title or interests of for you on the Drittanbietermaterialien in relation to the service or the licence of the conditions set. go Drittanbieters
Any reference to the website on is no confirmation or approval for us Drittanbietermaterialien such Drittanbietermaterialien.
Third Weebly used as payment service provider: psps in the us than Drittanbieter safe processing of their personal data and payment information support.
The use of their personal information through the use of plugins is by their respective concerning the protection of privacy, the data protection directive, in equal measure or not, as the Datenschutzhinweis of may contain Weebly.
Payments are currently on the following worked and managed. Drittanbieter
We talk, which may be used provided their payments we payment services working.
· Authorize.net-privacy policy
· paypal-privacy policy
· square-privacy policy
· stripe-privacy policy
· apple pay-privacy policy
· android pay-privacy policy
Apple pay and pay for android users who have chosen automatically enabled when Zahlungsanbieter stripe.
Apple if you pay or pay not as payment method to use android, it is their responsibility, apple pay and / or android pay to be disabled.
That they can in their store. disable Checkout-settings payment options
Apple pay with the use of and accept the android pay directives relating to the permissible use of this apple pay and / or the conditions of payment method (api) / google android pay.
Themes.
If you wish, you can " customer ") on the topics (Website-themen service for use by other add user.
They grant us and approve the exclusive, permanent, hereby, global, irrevocable, exempted right unterlizensierbare and the license to use, copying, modification and create works of all issues of secondary customer to which they have contributed, including the html code and its Medienwerte.
15 conditions of Designer-platform
Our service of if you use to a website (a Designer-platform " (" ") for their third Kunden-website customers) to design, they are using the services of this section, the additional conditions.
A. her relationship with her customers is exclusively between them and the customers.
We will not party of any agreements it with their customers,.
The way you choose your services to lie in its discretion, and under their control; however, do you agree, these services for a rapid and professional manner, in accordance with the industrial standards and in line with these conditions.
B. take full responsibility for all under her account and for compliance with Kunden-websites. these conditions for each Kunden-website
C. even if we like to allow to this service under an own brand name, as is the brand name but in resell any way and we will support any shortcomings, pledged to liability. this was
D. if your client, we will urge him, contacted us contact with them.
If your clients unable to provide support and we received a request from your client which shall indicate that it to his questions do not react, we reserve the right to their subscribers directly to support.
E. payments for its use of the website are per calculated. Designer-plattform-services
Kunden-website under your account for each on a live in will be monthly Kunden-domain Service-gebühren.
This Servicegebühren be charged on their credit card has been lodged. their Weebly-konto
F. Servicegebühren every month for the following month charged in relation to the total charges for all Kunden-websites.
When a new website of a client, the middle of the month is published proportionate amount with your next settled. Monatsrechnung
G. drawback for days they receive no in their current accounting period are left.
H. they understand and agree that they as the account holder for the payment of any ultimately under your account are responsible. Kunden-website
If at any time the Abrechnungsverpflichtungen a are not met, Kunden-website we have the right, the disabled and the Abrechnungsverpflichtungen Kunden-website are met.
Resale of services.
They must be part of the service, reproduce, copying, sell, sell or duplicate, as long as the use of us have received this written approval in the form of a separate written agreement with (such as the Weebly) may be granted. Weebly-cloud-vereinbarung
Weebly is often used for third parties of designers create websites.
Such use shall be admissible only if they are above explicit complies with. Designer-platform-nutzungsbedingungen
Websites if they on a different version of for third parties, they must pages each one design Weebly own account, the third is controlled by the respective and they can not several under a them up. account belonging Klienten-websites
17 notification and cancellation of the change of registrar and Domainnamens
For services for the generation of names (" "), which of them Domain-services will be made available, also apply Weebly the following general conditions (" "). Domain-bedingungen
Domain-services by their use of the available, serves as a Weebly its agreement with these conditions.
Service-pakete include some of the notification of a or the extension of its existing Internet-domainnamens (" ") by Domainnamens domain name on their behalf. Weebly
For the purpose of procurement and / or maintaining the domains is only as an intermediary between them and the Weebly for the allocation of the responsible organisation (" registrar " Domainnamens), which is action. Register.com
All new applications and subsequent extensions in time this will therefore also covered by the declaration, which find it here: Register.com-geschäftsbedingungen http: / / www.register.com / policy / servicesagreement.rcmx.
Weebly reserves the right at any time to another service provider for domain names.
In this case, the terms and conditions of the organisation concerned complementary to this, and the other of the service provider shall Domain-bedingungen is called " registrar " for purposes of Domainnamens these conditions relevant.
Weebly is a (1) domain for a period of up to a free year, on the condition of an annual or biannual subscriptions, provide Neukaufs.
The domain is for the duration of this and will, in this Weebly-kontos her name is yours, as long as they registered and after the first year figures. due Domain-anmeldungsgebühren
Free applies only to certain domain name is (for example:.com,.net) in the application for a new und.org plan.
You're the accuracy and completeness of data in relation to the holder of the relevant ") and the " (applicant Domainnamens administrative in the notification of the responsible. you Domainnamens
Technical contact the shall in all cases, inc. Weebly
Before Domainnamens is applying for a its responsibility to verify that the domain name not rights of third parties injured or against applicable law.
Domainnamens we can move until the activation of the payment of fees for the issue. agreed Anmeldungsdienstleistungen
Weebly is not in a position, the assignment of the by the registrar to influence. Domainnamens
We can not guarantee that the names are assigned to them and / or requested that their related domain names of third party rights are freely, nor can we ensure their survival.
All the information we in relation to the availability of a domain are based on the data from third parties provide and are only at the time of information requirements today.
The domain shall only be considered if you assigned to it under his name as registered in the database of the declarant registrar is registered.
Anmeldungsdauer acquired the first can vary for such a declaration, and is automatically renewed for subsequent periods 12 months.
Automatic renewal will be forty-five (45) before the expiry of their domain invoiced (although this date would differ.) from their Weebly Website-abonnementerneuerungsdatum
You can, of course, to decide, by an automatic renewal at any time before the Auto-verlängerung enters into force, the option enable extension in your settings off.
Each domain is acquired on their behalf and declared belongs to you as long as you pay the applicable fees.
If using a new domain or buy the existing, and then their purchase within the domain renew first thirty (30) days by contacting http: / / hc.weebly.com, you can cancel full recovery.
Their right in their possession and allow a transfer of the domain to another; however, Domain-anbieter purchased domain in the case of they are not entitled to a refund of the Domain-transfers to were paid, Anmeldungsgebühren Weebly.
Regardless of the identity of the applicant or other contact information in their, any domain name by Domainnamenaufzeichnungen Weebly by means of its, was notified of these conditions covered Weebly-kontos.
Regardless of the identity of the registrant or other contact information in the minutes is by any of their Domainnamens domain name is registered, using their Weebly Weebly-kontos of these conditions covered.
This data should be the full name of the applicant, a postal address and official (or are not permitted) addresses anonymous accounts, a valid email address and telephone number.
Should this information change, you must immediately inform us by their data online update.
Please refer to your, and, consequently, it can not renew Domain-service expires, should have their data and not up-to-date. current Kreditkartendaten
Subject to these conditions and those of you can all over us names registered Registerstelle transferred to another registrar by Online-anweisungen of consequences. Weebly
Should due to an error we told the account holder or the new provider of unable be Domainnamens Domaintransfer on your new, we are entitled to carry out provider explicitly, dismissed by the provider erase domain names after the Kündigungsdatum has expired.
For such a deletion that we shall not them even to third parties liable.
We reserve the right to allow only if all Domain-transfers undoubted and unpaid claims with us in 1992.
It can not always be possible to names after restore and may, in sole discretion determine when Weebly after a domain name may be renewed and what fees.
Nicht-zahlung lose, if you have any reserves by poisoning at their own discretion the right (Weebly (a) the domain names for their own purposes to be registered and benefit; (b) the country to a third party to sell or to transfer; or (c) the domain to delete and by a new registrant re-authenticate anywhere in the world.
Also allow your credit card, in us Weebly have declared, with the outstanding amounts on their account.
Under certain circumstances may applications. the subject of a domain Anfechtungsklage
For case due to their party to a Weebly Domainnamensanmeldungen is made for any legal action that they are in agreement, for all costs and that as lawyers ' fees to be responsible and Weebly against all complaints value to keep. Weebly
Is Weebly informed that a judicial or administrative authority a complaint with regard to their names was submitted may at its discretion (a) their Weebly possibility to use, modify or their Anmeldungseinträge to close or suspend and / or (b) control of their at the relevant judicial body deposit Anmeldungseintrag by a certificate of registrar).
Put we needed immediately inform, if they are on a rights on behalf of notified lose. names Weebly
E-mail-marketingdienst.
The following terms and conditions shall also apply to the you straight to the E-mail-marketing-dienstleistungen be provided (the Weebly. " " E-mail-marketingdienst
Email Marketing-dienstes acts as their use of the agreement on these conditions.
Weebly should their access to the and its use, suspend or terminate E-mail-marketingdienst if they fail to comply with these conditions.
Email-marketing-dienstes better use of the domestic and international laws applicable to all.
This includes the laws that for you, and all recipients to whom they Weebly send to each of them a (emails " consignee ').
Examples of applicable laws are regulations on Spam-emails or (" spam unaufgeforderte Werbe-emails " or " uce "), data protection, security, obscenity, intellectual property, pornography, terrorism, slander, internal security, gambling, children's and young people; and other rules applicable.
It is their responsibility, the laws on the use of, and the emails, the Email-marketing-dienstes you on the generate and send, are applicable, Email-marketing-dienst to know and to understand.
Email-marketing-dienstes must also with the use of its for the is Email-marketing-dienst privacy policy be consistent.
Weeblys privacy statement is available.
You alone are for their products and services and any display and content-which is in their emails are, or the in her emails referred responsible if you on the sending emails Email-marketing-dienst.
You agree, to a safe and, Email-marketing-dienst gesetzeskonforme, to use the sectoral professional manner, including driving standards of behaviour is reliable records.
They shall be for each statement they make and any customer services; and product and guarantee responsible. Dienstleistungsbetreuung
Email-marketing-dienstes needs to make better use of the all applicable directives Weebly.
Subsequent directives are examples of behaviour for sending emails on the generate or against this usage conditions can drive away Email-marketing-dienst:
They will not perform acts of the following:
A. E-mail-marketingdienst they will not in a way against the benefit or any other to you or your Weebly-nutzungsbedingungen recipient is applicable laws.
B. E-mail-marketing-dienst they will not use spam to send.
You have to ensure that all recipients of the reception of them explicitly agreed by emails their consent to receive have said.
All emails and, by the use of the messages are dispatched must our following Email-marketing-dienstes with: Anti-spam-richtlinie
I. Weebly operates a zero tolerance policy with regard to the spam and does not have any Versendens conscious or deliberate with a user or enterprises, business / the on the dispatch of spam or, is involved. uce
We sell or barter no personal information from our Opt-in-listen.
.
An e-mail spam is. if: (a) the personal identity of the beneficiary and his personal context play no part, because the email equally to a variety of other potential beneficiary is applicable; (b) the consignee no detectable explicit and sending spam has granted permission to noch-widerrufliche; and (c) the transfer and retrieving the message the consignor benefit seems disproportionate.
.
Spam is a matter of approval, not the content.
A recipient should be agreement (" ") or explicitly opt-in explain the reception of the message; either agree in response to a clear and unequivocal question or on its own initiative of the recipient.
.
Can-spam-gesetz regulates the us and determines the requirements for commercial messages, gives the right to recipients to receive no more of them and emails includes severe penalties for infringements.
Other international rules and laws are also on the electronic marketing applicable.
We can not give legal advice, but we recommend you with these rules, notably when they live in the usa or recipients outside the us send emails.
V. complaints about you should get spam or should have or for a potentially Konformitätsprobleme Weebly, we shall first contact list are problematic questions and try to its business model and their understanding. Marketingziele
Should we decide that a list not consent is or too old or too is problematic, to work, we will be of them hereby demand that this from your account removed.
May in certain cases we ask them to another provider to seek, as our objectives are not compatible.
.
We highlight our to help center in another E-mail-marketing faq advice on how to be a good will, as well as other possibilities, E-mail-versender the protection against the shipment or unwanted Weebly unsolicited e-mails offers.
.
If you have the impression that a check, can you give us e-mails sent Weebly-nutzer this through an email to abuse report. @ weebly.com
C. they will not to request, collection or dispatch E-mail-marketingdienst non-public information or other users of personal data and others use without consulting the express written authorisation (or minor) to obtain the approval of the guardians and information or any other type of illicit use information, the request to collect and disseminate they have no right.
D. they will not benefit, for dispatch of E-mail-marketingdienst links on pornography, E-mail-kampagnen other sexually, illegal goods or services clear content or any other content included Weebly at their own discretion as unreasonable weigh up or show such content.
E. they will have no news, information, data, texts, pictures or other content provide software, you're not and their holders to them any legal powers have been granted or the illegal, damaging,,,, libellous and defamatory gefährdend unfair vulgar, obscene, or otherwise complain and deception, the right to privacy or other public injured.
F. they are on the immoral, false or misleading advertisements E-mail-marketingdienst no or dispatch or and social practices Verkaufsbemühungen promotion actions. "
G. they will not pass a virus transmission or materials, or damaged data.
H. they will not purchased or used. hired E-mail-listen
I. they are without the express authorisation no e-mail addresses, or use third domain mail server.
J. there shall be none to an indefinite (e.g. e-mail addresses webmaster @, or to info @ domain.com domain.com, publicly on display press distribution lists threads in or storage or purchased. send Medienadressen email addresses
K. they will not send e-mails to an unacceptable number of spam ‑ or (though the e-mails even lead Uce-beschwerden spam or are not). uce
L. they will not be functioning (" each e-mail "), the Abbestell-link Unsubscribe from it the recipient allowed the taking or fail mailing-list disable such advice.
Each left must for at least 60 days after the date of dispatch and be operational agree that this link not remove, or try to disable these to disable or removed;
M. they will question a beneficiary, within seven calendar days of receipt of the request from her to be removed, or not disable mailing-list fail to comply with the question.
Do recipient of no fee therefor, no personal data on a, require or encourage the beneficiary email address, more than just a letter or a single website as to Antwort-mail a condition to visit the mailing-list. away
As Can-spam after the u.s. and other applicable laws necessary, you recognise that they are responsible for the questions on to follow after you Abbestellung was dissolved, irrespective of the Weebly-konto reason.
N. origin or they are not the subject of e-mails mask or the or, headings or information storage adress to the transmission of the subject falsification or manipulate. Ursprungs-e-mail
For each email you on the must (a) the dispatch E-mail-marketingdienst " of " line of e-mail correctly and without their identity or their business Irreführungen reproducing and (b) the " subject " line with the actual content of the e-mail e-mail, and must not content in comparison to the overall content or misleading täuschenden the message.
You agree that it according to the applicable laws for the use of e-mail marketing services (e.g. u.s. act of 2003, canadian Can-spam legislation, 2010, c. s. c. anti-spam 23 and regulation of the european parliament and 2003/58 / ec of the council of 12 july 2002) the sole or the determining the sender of email each on the sending email, and that they, as such, Marketing-dienst are obliged, these laws and those of other jurisdictions, working on the use of email marketing services are applicable, comply with and for the infringement of applicable laws are responsible.
O. you will not fail in any physical (the postal address, e-mail their existing when they are in the united states is also a valid may be the requirements for registration of account us postal service) or a link to the information is indicated.
For established in the eu, each recipient also commercial e-mail and the registration number of the shipping company or a link to that information shall include vat.
P. they will in no ", " " email, " " Junk-mails Kettenbriefe, " incentives (e.g. Schneeballsysteme vouchers, rebates, or other incentives or other material) Gewinnpreise involve the recipient encourage the email to further recipients form.
Q. are not against the usa and other storage and export countries rejected. Importrichtlinien
Some sectors have larger than others. for spam Mißbrauchsraten
Email Marketing-dienste must therefore not on behalf of certain sectors or consignor shall be used.
These include, but not then to:
I. pharmaceutical products;
.
Money teleworking, online, " get rich "-and deserve; Lead-generierungs-angebote
.
Online-trading, trading day tips or content; börsenbezogene
.
Mortgage and credit related content;
V. supplements, herbal supplements and vitamins.
.
Glücksspieldienstleistungen tips, or products;
.
Schneeballsysteme;
.
Affiliate-marketing Performance-marketing or any kind of one or more in the affiliates for every visitor or rewards customers or otherwise, by the Marketingbemühungen anreizt generated; affiliate
.
Bonitätsverbesserungs- Schuldenbeseitungsgelegenheiten; and
X counterfeit products or counterfeiting as such a different brand appear.
They are responsible for ensuring that the content of your emails these directives are not injured.
Although Weebly is under no obligation, we can leave account in order to ensure that this monitoring conditions and the operation in accordance with the usual industry standards are complied with.
It is in our sole discretion to block, emails to remove or the use of content to ban the email Marketing-dienste or the conditions (including the contradict Vorgesagten). Sendgrid-bedingungen
They acknowledge and agree that we, and any of their content and support Drittanbieter emails, place on the internet, publish or disseminate also have the right, their content, to deal with, and emails umzuformatieren to monitor to block or to remove the email to all or part of, or permanently Marketing-dienste only temporarily to an end.
Under no circumstances will we make them liable to previous us responsible or due to compliance with the laws and obligations, for the only responsible are liable you.
Should they know or suspect such violations of these conditions, please inform your Weebly along this road.
Weebly is compliance with the conditions laid down in check and reserves, sole discretion without prior notice, the right to any measures of any kind (legal, technical or otherwise) carry out or to prevent uce and / or other unauthorised emails, messages or campaigns in our network intrusion, this benefit in or are still present.
Email Marketing-dienste and you we can at any time and from each solution. reason Weebly-konto
If your account, we can this and for the data permanently. verbundendenen
E-mail-marketingdienst offering to, we use currently api (). of Sendgrid www.sendgrid.com
E-mail-marketingdienstes also, therefore, subject better use of the terms and conditions and directives, as they currently and / or Sendgrid in future are valid (" "); they include Sendgrid-bedingungen the terms of use and the data protection directive of Sendgrid.
Sendgrid's terms and conditions apply in addition to these conditions, and they are obliged to both in the context of compliance with email Marketing-dienste
Weebly is under no obligation to you about any change in conditions to inform. Sendgrids
Each Drittanbieterleistung we can, including the, at their own discretion, without her Sendgrid to notify to them and the end without at any time to be held responsible. Drittanbieter
Any such termination or any action of a can our ability to all or several Drittanbieter functions of the email, and we had not to affect Marketing-dienste liable to them or for such acts are. all Drittanbieter
We any information you in relation to their use of provide as contact list (including E-mail-marketingdienstes and all other information from such lists e-mail addresses) and content that they place on the internet or the E-mail-marketingdienst or otherwise use gain.
We recognise the ownership of these (" ") and customer information contact list. content
We their customer information without their prior express consent not sell rental and only for the purposes in our data protection directive and these conditions are described.
Sendgrid may and further information which they make available as part of the available also email Marketing-dienste in accordance with the terms and conditions benefit. Sendgrid
They give us here is a global,,,, widerrufliches nicht-exklusives gebührenfreies right to use, reproduction, publication unterlizenzierbares, distribution, exhibition and issue of, as far as for providing and customer information is required. the operation of the Email-marketing-dienstes
You alone are for the accuracy, quality, completeness, consistency and adequacy of legality, customer information responsible.
They are responsible for all in accordance with the law and make available their contractual obligations, including the conditions to maintain, to secure and).
They assure us that you on the materials and customer information on the rights of their emails or that we need to have ratings as provided for in these conditions, the customer information can be used.
E-mail-marketingdienstes due to the use of that contained therein you agree e-mails, news and content are not confidential, and assure that the holder or guarantee automatically of each content or intellectual property us this explicitly non-exclusive, permanent, transferable licence exempted worldwide with the right to use, production, reproduction of derived works, modification, processing, translation, publication, dissemination and performance of this content or intellectual property in any form, using each existing or in the future be developed as part of our medium, and am and, (or the us missile sales activities referred to on them as a licence) has issued. Unterlizenz
Under lawful create and maintain, as far as we copies of all customer information for the provision of and for internal as well as other Email-marketing-dienstes Sicherungszwecke legal or administrative purposes is necessary.
We undertake, however, not to copies of their customer information,, content and other data messages and emails).
They themselves are responsible for their customer information backup.
We offer no guarantee that the content and materials and / or of our website for use in places outside the Email-marketing-dienstes united states of america are appropriate.
Who from other places up to the member does so at his own risk Email-marketing-dienst and is for compliance with applicable laws locally responsible.
We reserve the right, expanding the scope, scale and accessibility of the persons in relation to certain geographical areas or Email-marketing-dienstes laws at any time, in our judgment, college.
Indemnification guarantee.
Weebly they are and their subsidiaries, branches, managers, directors, licensor, representative, partner, staff and Co-brander agent (together " exempted parties Nachfolgegesellschaften ") from any liability, any loss, any demands, damage claims (including costs or expenditure, but not limited to) incurred or Anwaltskosten appropriate against the exempted parties in connection with any claims by third parties or which are the damage from or in connection with the following points emerge, value: (a) keep their use (or the use of their account / accounts by third parties) of its service, the website or the materials, (b) their contents, (c) any commercial products, in or via the website or through the use of our services offer or (d) their use of Domain-services.
This includes, but is not limited to a break or an infringement of these conditions by you, or someone who your account used.
They need at their expense, as the party cooperate fully exempted requires.
Each entschädigte involved may be the defence and control of their choice a matter for which he take this compensation.
You should not matters a, without parties involve compensated do each participating agrees with it. entschädigte
Garantieausschluss.
A. better use of the services takes place at our peril.
Services on the " as seen " and " available as base provided.
We reject all means of any kind on whether explicitly explicitly or implicitly, including, but not limited to the implicit guarantee the market, suitability for a particular purpose and NICHTVERLETZUNG.
B. we are not responsible for any damage, loss of customers or missile losses of data, or other damage to their LIEFERANTENDATEN UMSATZEINBUSSEN companies from delays, out of information or restrictions or ‑ NICHTLIEFERUNGEN loss of access, or other errors and illicit use this PROGRAMMIERFEHLERN that it access to the service are parts, or other interaction with the service.
Them for the maintenance and secure their data and information on the service, are responsible.
WEEBLY does not guarantee that (i) the service requirements, their specific (ii) the service continuously, in time, will be safe or sound (iii) the results by the use of the service will receive exactly or are reliable, (iv) the quality of products, services, or other information materials on the service of them bought or acquired, your expectations and (v) any errors in the service be corrected.
C. any material which or otherwise through the use of download services acquired shall be subject to their own discretion and risk, and they are alone for any damage to your computer system or by download responsible for losses of data of such materials is expected.
D. data, information, content in the service or materials contained in connection with this, or be made available, should not substitute for knowledge, expertise, and is of tax law, social judgment and other specialists. storage
The service provides no tax or legal advice to.
Them for obtaining this advice responsible and we want to encourage you, this before and in connection with the use of our service to obtain.
E. those conditions apply exclusively in terms of the service.
As part of the other services that we offer we websites of certain Weebly-benutzern hosten. third, Drittanbieter-websites
Drittanbieter-websites include third party not subject to established content management and control of WEEBLY.
WEEBLY assumes no liability for such Drittanbieter-websites, including and without restriction to the accuracy, adequacy, accuracy, confidentiality, truth, or up to date, each of these completeness contained therein, link or any modification or updates or any product or any services in this respect that.
You access or use a if the conditions for this website Drittanbieter-website of third set.
The hosting of the is not evidence of this by supporting Drittanbieter-websites down or the supplier of such content or WEEBLY DIENSTLEISTUNDEN from any Drittanbieter-websites.
F. WEEBLY nor any, partners or not DRITTANBIETER guarantee that the website, their subsidiaries, materials, services or e-mail server from the website or plugins, partners or subsidiaries are dispatched free of viruses or other harmful components.
G. WEEBLY and his give no assurance and accept no licensor guarantee that the services, materials or the website for use in all geographical locations suitable or are available.
Limitation of liability.
Where our actions not a deliberately or through negligence violation of our obligations pursuant to these conditions by us or our legal representative or our agents are we shall not be liability them or another person to for any direct, indirect and specific, or take PÖNALISIERENDE derived exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damage to, use, data or GEWINNVERLUST KULANZ other intangible (though the possibility of losses WEEBLY), was informed of such damage because of: (a) the use or the inability of the use of the service; (b) the cost of equivalent goods and services from any goods data acquired or information received or services or received or the service received news about transactions result; (c) the illicit access to or the change in their transfers or data; (d) the comments by third parties to the service or the behaviour; or (e) any other service with the related matters.
In case of any problems with this site, the service or the materials is its sole and to the continued use of AUSSCHLIESSLICHER expedient website, the service and the materials to UNTERTLASSEN.
Where our actions not deliberately or through a violation of our obligations under these conditions unintentional by us or our legal representative or our agents represent, his partner or be WEEBLY under any circumstances, for their use of the licensor website, service, of the materials, their content, the commercial products or by third parties on the generated or via the website available content, including but not limited to adhere, errors or omissions, any infringement of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties or for any loss or damage in any form, or in connection with the use of involving side, the services, the material content, or by their commercial products generated content that to or through third party users the website is available arose.
22 exclusions and restrictions
Some laws to the exclusion of certain guarantees or restriction or exclusion of liability for accidental or, as in section 20 and 21 sequelae described.
As a result, some of the restrictions on may 20 and 21 sections not for you.
23 limited rights for the u.s. government
The materials in the service, " limited legal rights provided. "
, Reproduction or use publication by the us government is subject to the restrictions in the applicable laws and regulations.
Use of the material by the us government recognizes our ownership of.
24 Schiedsgerichtsvereinbarung block exemption;
We want your concerns points or before they filed a lawsuit against Weebly level.
Please check http: / / hc.weebly.com.
We will contact on the dispute by e-mail to solve. informally
They Weebly can take a formal or, if a dispute not conciliation procedure within 30 days following its submission could be resolved.
Do disputes with us only on an individual basis and do not resolve the plaintiff claims or as a member of a group of KLÄGERN, or within a consolidated entities (e.g., SAMMELSCHIEDSGERICHT, REPRÄSENTATIVKLAGE began proceedings under the whole of society or merging with other). SCHIEDSGERICHTEN
Each right in relation to these conditions, not with our informal process or the above approach can be resolved, it is definitively and exclusive resolved by in this section and the applicable for this forum an individual arbitration with Schiedsverfahrenregeln a by the american arbitration association (https: / / www.adr.org) (the ") sworn Einzelschiedsrichter arbitrator shall be initiated.
The referee is responsible for the identification of any problems in relation to the threshold of including the problems connected with the question of Schiedsbarkeit enforceable, or whether the conditions are, and for each sittenwidrig illusory justification of the waiver, omission or delay, including arbitration Rechtsverwirkung.
Gerichtsanforderungen subject to applicable they can decide to their claim instead of arbitration at the local court for small claims to pursue, while their matter on the court of small claims and remains only on the individual (i.e. not and not representative basis) is being negotiated klassenbasierter.
Federal arbitration act, 9 u.s.c. fully § 1-16, come to apply.
Are you a consumer a claim to a transaction for use state by a person, a household or a family is intended, any hearing in their countries of residence schiedsgerichtliche take place.
Schiedsgerichtliche otherwise, the hearing in san francisco, california, or at any other, to be determined by mutual agreement site.
Such decision shall be binding upon the parties and is a judgment on each competent court shall be entered.
During generally legal protection by an arbitrator or attribute may Feststellungs ‑ that the referee injunctive relief here only with regard to the individual do at the party, and only to the extent necessary to legal protection to the right of individual party provided by provide legal protection.
Decision arbitrator and judgment of the have in no other case or arbitration precedent or internal storage Rechtskraftwirkung.
Weebly reimbursed for all of them, the overall amount to less than $ 10,000, due to the american arbitration association for individual referrals in accordance with this section have been tabled, the back, unless the referee not Schiedsgebühren finds that their claims were negligible.
When stored in a claim, during which they are entitled to lawyers ' fees, will you try to prevail, these charges of referee back.
None for which they claim to protection, so we will get to request, to pay, even if charges may be lawyers ' fees in any other way given unless the referee notes that their claims were negligible.
This Schlichtungsbestimmung include references to them for purposes and appropriate Weebly and subsidiaries, associates, representatives, employees, and storage and authorised users or successor Rechtsvorläufer recipient of the services.
Schlichtungsbestimmungen subject to the provisions and without waiving that trial (vote other than the above actions discussed with small claims in) and they be brought to the Verbraucherfällen exclusive jurisdiction and the place of the procedure to the city and the county Staatsgerichten san francisco or federal court for the northern district of california to agree.
Should some of these conditions or be declared invalid unenforceable, this part will be designed so that the original intention of the parties are reflected, and the remaining sections remain fully in force.
Either party may only brought an action for a in order to benefit or submit Unterlassungsanspruch unbefugbten abuse of the service or to enforce intellectual property rights (e.g. to copyright, trademarks, patents) or without in the run-up to a business secret or mediation to obtain Streitbeilegungsvorgang.
Should this not to you or your call relate conciliation protocol, all legal proceedings in the federal or state courts of san francisco county, california).
Weebly agree between them and the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in san francisco, california.
Statute irrespective of any laws or the opposite state, all of them claims or KLAGEANSPRÜCHE be invoked and out of the use of the services or the conditions created or somehow related, within a year (1), after such a claim or such have submitted or KLAGEANSPRUCH they will be permanently excluded.
25 note to users in california
We would like to their concerns, or handle them.
Please contact us via http: / / hc.weebly.com, so that we can deal with their problems.
They can also be at the address square, inc. (dba) 1455 market street, suite Weebly 600, san francisco, california, united states achieve. 94103
In addition, after the california civil code, section the users of the services to the california 1789.3 following explicit reference to the rights of consumers entitled: the complaint of assistance unit division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may in writing, 1625 north blvd., postal market
Suite n 112, sacramento, ca, or telephone number (916 under 95834) or (800) be contacted 445-1254 952-5210.
General.
Communications we can to you by e-mail or by post address.
Service may also notifications of amendments to these conditions or other matters by a general display of communications or links to on the communications service announce.
Usa and canada, the country of residence, they shall be conditions and the relationship between you and regardless of the provisions of the laws of Weebly kollisionsrechtlichen state of california regulated.
Weebly agree between them and the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of san francisco, california.
Is the united kingdom, ireland or any other country except the us, canada, japan or australia country of residence, they shall be conditions and the relationship between them and the laws of england and wales of Weebly regulated, japan is the country of residence, they shall be conditions and the relationship between them and the laws of regulated. japan Weebly
Australia's country of residence, they shall be conditions and the relationship between them and by the law of victoria regulated. Weebly
Weebly any rights or an omission from provisions of these conditions or to enforce these rights and does not waiver. rules on
Such conditions shall the whole agreement between them and us, and their use of the service and replace rules so that all previous agreements (including, but not limited to any earlier versions of these conditions.
They could also additional provisions and conditions subject to which would apply if you have any affiliate or other services, or benefit. Drittanbieterinhalte Drittanbieter-software
If any provision in these conditions or included documents by a competent court invalid are found, if the parties now that the court should strive to give effect to the intentions of the parties, as foreseen in the determination and that the other provisions of these conditions in full remain in force.
Undertake that set the statute or irrespective of any contrary suggests that all claims or which of them are tabled and Klageansprüche as a result of or in connection with these conditions arise within one (1) year after this claim or permanently excluded. this proper charges
The Abschnittstitel these conditions are purely for expediency and have no legal or contractual effect.
You confirm and undertake that they included on the right, as a member of the group in every plaintiff or participate in or aside. Vertreterversammlung angebeblichen class action
Also can no longer than the demands of a person under any circumstances, in no way and group or or other be consolidated. Vertreterversammlung
Infringements.
Missbrauchsseite please visit our to any breaches of those conditions be reported.
