Last updated: 4 january 2021 (archived version)
Whatsapp conditions
Table of contents
On our services
Data protection directive and data
Maximum use of our services
Third services
Licences
Report of infringements of copyright and other intellectual property, brand third
Haftungsausschlüsse and exemption
Limitation of liability
Settlement of disputes
Availability and stopping or cancelling of our services
Other
Access to the conditions of whatsapp in different languages
If you live in a country outside the european region, is you under these conditions and whatsapp llc whatsapp ready. this data
Click here to the call for which information and whatsapp Vertragszusammenfassung provision we in accordance with the european code of electronic communications are required.
To provide our services (definition below) about our apps, services, functions, software or website, we need your support for our conditions (" "). conditions
Whatsapp ireland limited (", " " our whatsapp / e / he / it / en, " " we " or " us ") is the described below you (along " services ") services ready when you in a country or a region in the european economic area, including the european union), or any other country or region are included (together as the " european region ").
You in a country or territory outside the european region live, is you the services under these conditions of whatsapp llc and this available. data
On our services
Data protection and security principles.
Since the launch of whatsapp we are seeking to our services in accordance with strict data protection and security principles themselves.
We connect you with others.
You possibilities, we are with other users to communicate, for example by whatsapp news, speech and, email images and videos, video calls show of your status, and with other parts of your location, if you chose it.
We are constantly seeking ways to further improve these opportunities.
Whatsapp works with partners, service providers and related companies together, which help us to provide you with your services you opportunities.
Communication with companies.
We have always sought to you, companies and other organisations to provide better opportunities on our services to communicate, for example on information on transactions and orders, dates, and supply of products and services and updates, Versandbenachrichtigungen marketing.
We offer businesses and other organizations certain functions and services; for example we put to you on their use of our statistics services ready.
Security and integrity.
We are trying to protect the safety and integrity of our services.
Includes we adequately with abusive practices from persons and against our activities to unfair conditions of use rejected.
We are trying to abuse our services to prohibit, in particular any harmful behaviour towards others.
We know, we are taking such persons or activities appropriate measures and remove such persons or activities or take contact with the authorities.
In this case, we always shown in section termination described.
Facilitating access to our services.
To operate our global services we must content and information in our computer centres and around the world save and distribution systems.
This includes countries outside of the country in which your residence is located.
The use of this global infrastructure for the provision of necessary and crucial. our services
This infrastructure is possibly our service providers, about our related companies, or is of those holdings.
Could not access: there are important differences between our emergency services and the telephone or on your mobile phone and a. Sms-diensten Festnetztelefon
Our services provide no access to emergency services, including police, fire brigades or Notfalldienstleister or hospitals, and they do not in any way a link to public Notrufleitstellen here.
You should make sure that your respective over a mobile, fixed or other Notfalldienstleister service could reach.
Registration.
You have to do for our services and to correct information use your register up-to-date revision of this tsi and mobile phone number, using our " point " updated. change In-app-funktion
Sms telephone calls and you'll think so with codes for registration for our services (from us or our third) that is available.
Address book.
If permitted by law, you can upload of contacts and we use function regularly provide telephone numbers in your Mobil-adressbuch points including both of our services as well as the users of your other contacts.
Here tell you more about our function to upload of contacts.
Age.
You in a country or region in the european region live, you must at least 16 years of age, to our services to use, or, where the higher in your country or region for the registration or use of our services without parental approval age.
You in a country or territory which does not live in the european region is, you must at least 13 years old to be our services to use, or, where the higher in your country or territory of registration or use of our services age.
In addition to the requirement that you get the right to use applicable our services required: age limits have to if you don't grow up to in your country or region entitled to be, one of your parents must agree to our conditions, or a Erziehungsberechtigter in thy name, so that you agree to our conditions, our services must benefit.
Please one of your parents or guardians, these conditions together with you to read.
Equipment and software.
Certain equipment, software and you have to use our services to provide the data links we not provide otherwise.
For our services to use you in the manual or automatic willigst download and install updates of our services.
You willigst also that we have from time to time notices of our services send where necessary for the provision of our services for you is required.
Charges and taxes.
Datentarife Internetgebühren and you are for all of your and any other with your network operator or Mobilfunkanbieters use of our services related charges and taxes responsible.
Data protection directive and data
Whatsapp your privacy is very important.
Whatsapp explained from the data protection directive as regards our practices data (including news), including the types of information we receive from you and understand how we use this information and share, and your rights with regard to the processing of information about you.
Maximum use of our services
Our conditions of use and directives.
You've got to our services in line with our conditions and directives benefit.
You break our directives is that we can conditions or measures on your accounts take of your accounts, including deactivation or suspension and if we do that, you get to that you without our permission another account erstellst.
Suspension deactivation or in your accounts go we always shown in section described before termination.
Maximum legitimate and use.
On do our services only for legitimate and justified and authorised purposes, access to such use.
You're not a way to our services use (or other using support),: (a) the rights of whatsapp, or other (including data protection and our users, intellectual property rights and other music publishing rights ownership), or against them is injured usurped; (b) illegal, offensive, obscene, threatening, racist or, when intimidating, belästigend, or to the offensive behaviour or illegally anstiftet or otherwise encouraged unreasonable, including the glorification of violent crime, the hazard or exploitation of children or other or the coordination of suffering; (c) the Zufügung publishing untruths, or misleading statements includes; (d Falschdarstellungen); (e) sending someone imitates illegal or improper communications such as,, and the like includes Massennachrichten Auto-messaging; or (f Auto-dialing) any use of our services, except includes nicht-private, because this was authorised by us.
Whatsapp or damage to our users.
You must not directly or indirectly, by automated methods or other services to our species, the us, prohibited or unjustified our services, systems, or other users are affect or harm, or use or copying, adjust change spread, transferred, display, and receive unterlizenzieren show or otherwise exploit or access them or derived works on the basis of causes (or other support to do so.
Includes that you shall neither directly or via automated methods must: (a) on the do our services make him code reverse engineering, modify, change or create derived versions of this extract; (b) dekompilieren viruses or other harmful about our computer program or on our services shall provide services or send save; (c) unauthorised access to our services and systems or gain are trying to do; (d) the integrity or performance of our services or make interrupt; (e) accounts for our services on unauthorised or automated means; (f) draw up information from our or on our users in any undue manner or unjustified; (g) collect our services or on our services in data sell, rent or sell fees for calculate; or (h) our services through a network and provide spread in which they could be used by several devices at the same time; (i) or software, which essentially as our developing apis services function, and the third to use available or unautorisiert (
Safety of your accounts.
You're to maintain security of your unit, responsible, and you have your whatsapp accounts us immediately of any unauthorised use or all of your accounts or in our services concerning Sicherheitsverstoß informed.
Third services
Our allow you access to services may or the use of websites, or interact with apps, (s) or other substance (s) (s) and products and products (s) of the services provided by third Facebook-unternehmen.
So can you, for example, the use of third (such as google drive or icloud Datensicherungsdiensten through a) decide to our services have integration with or with a " share " button on the website of a third of you to interact, information about your contacts. send whatsapp
Please note that these conditions and our only for the use of our services apply data protection directive.
Drittanbieterprodukte if you or services or other products of using their own conditions and apply Facebook-unternehmen use of these products and services for your data protection directives.
Licences
Your right.
Not whatsapp claimed ownership of the information that you for your account or through our services. whatsapp übermittelst
You must have the necessary rights in respect of you for your account or our services information submitted on whatsapp and on the right to grant the rights and licences in accordance with our conditions.
The rights of whatsapp.
Us includes all copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos,, business secrets, royalties and other Handelsaufmachungen intellectual property rights, which are connected with our services.
Copyright brands, you must our (or other), domains, logos, trademark law, patents, and / or other Handelsaufmachungen Handelsgeheimnisse intellectual property rights not unless you use our strong approval and use shall be carried out in line with our Markenrichtlinien.
The brands do our related companies only, with the permission; this may also benefit by a certificate in any manner., Markenrichtlinien
Licences of whatsapp. to you
Services operate so that we can provide, show and a worldwide,,, exempted whatsapp non-exclusive license to use, and transferable unterlizenzierbare reproduction, dissemination, preparation, presentation and performance of the information derived works (including), on or about you content / n / n facebook page, our services, or are about to receive, put speicherst übermittelst.
By you under that particular licence rights granted are limited to the purpose, our services to operate and provide (for example, to allow us, your and your status message display your profile picture news to communicate to and not delivered your news for up to 30 days on our servers to save, while we are trying to them). to
Licences of whatsapp to you.
We give you a limited,,, and it consists non-exclusive licence to use our nicht-unterlizenzierbare nicht-übertragbare services in accordance with our conditions and in accordance with these.
This licence is alone the purpose you to allow our services to by our nature to use conditions permitted.
Explicitly licences granted and you except the right will have no tacitly or otherwise licences or rights granted.
Report of infringements of copyright and other intellectual property, brand third
To claims in order to copyright and trademark law or other violation intellectual property to notify third visits our directive on intellectual property, please.
Measures we can take on your accounts including deactivation or, if you clearly, suspension of your accounts serious or repeat the intellectual property rights other injured or if we are obliged for legal reasons.
Suspension deactivation or in your accounts go we always shown in section described before termination.
Haftungsausschlüsse and exemption
Selling our services at your own risk and subject to the following Haftungsausschlüsse.
We make our services in the present state (" as is '), without any explicit or prepared; this refers konkludenten means of, inter alia, the means of marketability, the suitability for a particular purpose, that of third party rights Nicht-verletzung Rechteinhaberschaft and freedom from infection or other harmful code.
We ensure that any of us information made available to correct, complete or are useful that our operational services, whole, and will be safe, or that our services without interruption, delays or deficiencies will work.
We control not, as and when our users by our services and our services provided functions, interfaces and services benefits, and we are not responsible for such control.
We are not responsible for the acts or information (including the content) users or other third parties to control our and we are also not to such a control required.
You ask us, our related companies and their subsidiaries, as well as our directors, senior executives, employees, partners and representatives (together " the parties ' whatsapp) free of any known and unknown claims, complaints,, or (along the Klagegründen Rechtsprozessen " entitled ") -streitigkeiten and in relation to any such claims entitled to any third are from deinerseits such a result or in any way associated with the.
Your whatsapp, the above rights against disclaimer is not altered when the on your use of our services of the country in the applicable laws your residence is, do not permit this.
Limitation of liability
Whatsapp is liable only as follows:
Whatsapp liable without restrictions in accordance with the legal provisions on compensation for death, personal injury or health, in the presence of intent, in the presence of gross negligence and in accordance with the be held liable. Produkthaftungsgesetz
Whatsapp when providing the service you professional care
Acted if we, with the technical care is no responsibility for the damage not whatsapp because of a breach of these conditions or otherwise by us as our actions for damages the at the time the agreement these conditions is not able to foresee, and could reasonably have for events that our reasonable control.
Settlement of disputes
Consumer are if you and your permanent residence in a country or region in the european region have, the laws of your country or territory for each claim that you have from this against us and our services and associated conditions or returns and you can claim your before each in your country or region for entitlement. competent court clarify
In all other cases do you agree that the claim before a competent court in ireland for the right to clarify and that these conditions and any right, and that is without taking into account irish law are subject to destinations kollisionsrechtlicher
Availability and stopping or cancelling of our services
Availability of our services.
We are constantly trying to improve our services.
This means that our support for certain services and functions and the equipment and platforms extend add or remove.
Our services can be stopped, for example, maintenance, repairs, improvements or due to network or Geräteausfällen.
Our services at any time after a wholly or partially 30 days in advance the communication set, including certain functions and supports the for certain devices and platforms; the requirement of prior notification is not applicable in urgent situations, such as abuse is to be avoided on legal requirements necessary response or security and must be solved. Betriebsprobleme
Events outside our control our services can influence, such as natural events and other events of force majeure.
Resignation.
Although we hope that you stay, you can whatsapp user your relationship with whatsapp at any time from any cause by your end. delete accounts
Instructions as to how you can do this, you find in articles for android, iphone or our Hilfebereichs Kaios.
Our right to termination for just and proper grounds shall remain unaffected.
One important reason is present if one of the parties against laws, rights of third parties or when these conditions, and after consideration of all the circumstances of each party kündigenden falls and the interests of both parties not be required that they can way zumutbarer until the contract or the expiry of a period of notice agreed expiry date from.
Termination from just and proper grounds is within a reasonable period after the information only by the infringement of the other party possible.
Is important because a breach of any obligation pursuant to these conditions existing is a termination permitted only after a granted has expired or an unsuccessful warning very Abhilfefrist.
This is not, however, if the party to serious manner and finally refusing vertragsbrüchige, to meet its obligations, or if after a balance of interests of both parties is found a termination due to special circumstances to be justified fristlose.
Your we can access to our services and your use of these in accordance with this section at any time, also for suspects or termination unlawful behaviour, suspend, modify or terminate, partly due to fraud or if we reasonably believe that you against our conditions is a risk or damage or possible legal risks for us and our users or any other cause.
Your we can also disable or delete account if it after a does not take action for a long time or Account-registrierung inactive.
Löschst it when you have your account or delete or disable end these conditions is an agreement between you and us, the following provisions remain, however, also following a withdrawal or end your relationship with whatsapp: ", " " there are licences and exemption, be covered by disclaimers, " " settlement of disputes limitation of liability, availability and stopping or cancelling of our services " and " other. "
Considers if you are that the termination / suspension of your accounts out, please contact us erroneously support @ support.whatsapp.com.
Other
Unless between you and us together issued otherwise, our conditions agreement the whole agreement between you and us in relation to our services and replace any whatsapp and previous agreements.
We reserve the right to provide that certain of our services will be regulated (for the conditions of use separate you. give your consent can). separately
Our services are not for the dissemination of in any country or for use in any country or territory in which such a thought dissemination or use against local law or us any rules in another country or region subject would.
We reserve the right to our services in any country or territory college.
You have all the applicable us and in terms of export controls and trade sanctions Nicht-us-gesetze (" ") to be observed. Export-gesetze
Do directly or indirectly, our services export, re-export or otherwise transferred to provide: (a) to (s) in accordance with any individual, company, prohibited / s Export-gesetzen region or country; (b) to anyone on the us or Nicht-us-regierung mentioned crls (c) for any, or according to the purpose, including for applications banned Export-gesetzen nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles) without the necessary state authorisations.
Our services do not use or, if you download in a country or region are established, that greece, or if you currently available on any us or will, nor for led Nicht-us-sperrliste any according to purpose. Export-gesetzen prohibited
Also thou shalt not or other methods to use your Ip-proxying place to hide.
Any conditions or change our waiving needs our explicit consent. deinerseits
We are continually working to improve our services and the development of new functions to our products for you and for our community even better.
We these conditions, where appropriate, from time to time to update our services and practices accurately reflect.
We have only to if the provisions no longer relevant or if they are incomplete.
Legally unless otherwise prescribed, we denounce any changes to our conditions, at least 30 days in advance of (e-mail or on the services, that you have the opportunity to read, revised conditions before they become effective; we will ensure that the respective amendments, taking into account your interests for you are appropriate.
We will also be the date of " last amendment ' at the beginning of our conditions updated.
Changes to these conditions shall not be earlier than 30 days after the announcement of our proposed changes effectively.
Updated enter into force as soon as conditions, you're bound by it, if you continue to use our services.
We hope that you will continue to use our services, but if you our amended conditions don't accept, you have to use our services by your end. delete accounts
All during this conditions due rights and obligations are by us in connection with a merger, takeover, a restructuring or a sale of assets or by operation of law or otherwise our free on any related companies. abtretbar
In case of such transfer, we will be your information only in accordance with law transferred and you ask for your consent; these conditions, if necessary, the relationship between you and then rules to the relevant third.
We hope that you will, but if you continue to use whatsapp such a transfer don't accept, you have to use our services by after you finish your delete accounts were informed of the assignment.
None your rights, or not you will you your duties in respect of this matter without our entitled or conditions prior written authorisation to anybody).
Conditions none of that will be on the respect for the law from.
If here otherwise out grant our conditions no third. any Begünstigungsrechte
Failure on our part, our does not impose any provision conditions. Rechtsverzicht
Should any provision in these conditions or invalid for any reason to be illegal, as unenforceable considered that determination shall apply as amended to the extent that they, and if they are not enforceable enforceable can be made, shall be deemed from our conditions district; this does not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of conditions of use, and the remaining part of our conditions fully effective and remains in force.
We shall all rights to you from us not explicitly to be granted.
In certain jurisdictions could it be that you have certain rights as consumers and our conditions are not intended to restrict such consumer rights not by treaty avoidable.
May also in certain jurisdictions be that you person did. rights as datenschutzrechtlich
Our conditions are not designed to restrict such rights to by treaty not avoidable.
We always look forward on your feedback and your suggestions and our services whatsapp.
You understand, however, that you are not obliged us, and we provide your feedback and suggestions and your suggestions, without any restriction feedback or an obligation to compensate you for it can use.
Access to the conditions of whatsapp in different languages
Our conditions in certain other languages to access change the language for your whatsapp meeting.
If our conditions in the selected language are not available from you, you will be by default, the english version is shown.
Please read the following documents, the additional information you about your use of our services provided:
Whatsapp data
Whatsapp directive on intellectual property
Whatsapp Markenrichtlinien
