Terms and conditions of yahoo!
Some exciting news.
Our parent company was acquired, the fund from related companies the apollo global management, inc. and its subsidiaries are managed.
Read more in our press release.
On 1 november 2021 and changed its name of the company that they use the products and services offered by of media limited in verizon emea emea yahoo limited.
Manner as we process remains at their data unchanged.
2017 in june we have announced that yahoo and become a company for digital and aol Mobilmedien have joined forces.
We are now in these general conditions of sale together.
Yahoo aol or if you have any, you need to have this account general conditions (please agree: if you have not yet agreed to these general conditions, the previous general terms and conditions of yahoo, the previous general terms and conditions of (for) for her away oath aol).
Yahoo for all products and services, without prior notification are accessible, gelten die nachfolgenden general terms and conditions applicable from 25 may 2018. if you create a new account, gelten die nachfolgenden general terms and conditions from today.
Terms and conditions of yahoo!
Welcome to yahoo
Yahoo inc., and all of its listed in section 13 (including brands of yahoo and aol brands) and the in sections 13 and 14 companies (" together, " " we, " " yahoo us / "), are part of the Yahoo-unternehmensgruppe our.
Our brands, websites, apps, products, services and technologies (" services ") are enterprises supply in section 13 list.
Read sections 1 to 13, 14.1 and 14.13 carefully.
These are the sections, which apply to it.
Services vote this through the use of the general terms and conditions in our rules, and further conditions to Datenschutz-center Community-richtlinien to them for their use are delivered (together: " "). agb
Please read it carefully agb.
Providing the fully-fledged treaty between them and us.
Agb included those of us in section 9 liability limits
Users in the usa: agb included in this section and a 14.2 below a binding arbitration agreement and proceedings before waiving a jury, the collective redress for all Us-nutzer.
Use of, services
Right.
They say that they are entitled under the applicable law, the services can be.
If the services on behalf of a legal person, an undertaking or any other use secure Geschäftsbetriebes you that they have legal authority agb on behalf of this company to accept.
In that case, agb than by the company " you ' refers to accepted and that company.
Grab on behalf of the holder of a accounts on a (for example as administrator, adviser to account,), the analyst for the activities which they agb on behalf of the Accountinhabers.
Indemnification guarantee.
If they are services on behalf of a legal person, an Geschäftsbetriebes or other business or otherwise for economic purposes, they must use and the company (as defined in section 8 below Yahoo-unternehmen) value of actions or measures the hold claims from the use of services or a breach of such agb created or associated with.
Include liabilities and charges resulting from claims (including claims due to losses, damages negligent behaviour complaints, judge and. Rechtsverfolgungs- Anwaltskosten
Age.
Age if they (described in section 14) have not achieved, it is they are not allowed to register, an account.
Unless they are already holding a accounts in the united states are a yahoo, they have reached the minimum age Familienaccount, so that services can be.
Certain parts of the services include content that for adults only are appropriate.
They resort to this content not to when they age came of age in your country have not achieved.
Behaviour of members.
You agree, the services not in a way to use, which constitutes a violation of our agb and Community-richtlinien including
Nicht-autorisierten access to services, or the server, systems, networks and data from us to obtain or is trying to do.
Content that of threat,,,,, vulgar, libellous belästigend unlawfully obscene, the protection of privacy, the third directives, right of free speech, inflammatory or otherwise, racist indecent, making it accessible;
Applicable laws or legislation to hurt.
As another person or unit or header or falsification or to spend to identifiers to manipulate the origin of the content, on the service be entrusted to conceal.
Content accessible to, for the dissemination of you are not doing or patents, trade marks, copyright or other property rights to business secrets, third referred;
Content with displays or other commercial advertising without our prior written authorisation to items;
Virus or other computer program, files, programmes or made available to the content, serve to the functionality of the services to interrupt, to destroy or restrict or effects on other users; and
Services or with the services associated servers, systems or networks to disrupt or to stop.
Use of the services.
They must all requirements in connection with the services directives and followed.
Do zweckentfremden or services not attempt to disrupt and not otherwise access than on the interface and in accordance with the instructions that we provide.
Do services only legally permissible way benefit.
Unless otherwise, do to the services or parts of the services for commercial purposes or access it reuse.
Export controls.
You agree, and the united states and, where appropriate, applicable provisions Exportkontrollgesetze Handelskontrollen other countries followed.
Include export administration regulations of department of commerce, bureau of industry and security as well as the us doc and the office of foreign assets Embargo- Handelssanktionsprogramme control of the us treasury.
They stress that they (1) not as a person in a for exports of a government referred (Verbotsliste, for example, http: / / / /), (www.bis.doc.gov complianceandenforcement 2) services liststocheck.htm to use software, or not, re-export technologies or other technical data to parties or to countries on a transfer, and (3) the Verbotsliste services for in the military field, ballistic, Endnutzungen nuclear, chemical or biological weapons to use, or other activities, using the services to which the export or the united states or other affected countries hurt Importgesetze.
Legislation to combat corruption.
You agree, in respect of these services all applicable laws anti-corruption comply with laws, including the illegal payments to third parties to prohibit corruption.
Property rights and re-use.
Using services gives them no ownership or any intellectual or other ownership of the services or the content to which they have access.
It they are not permitted in the services used to use when we marks or logos them separately the explicit written authorisation, issued for this purpose.
Do legal instructions for use in or together with the appropriate services will not remove mask or change.
Except with the express written permission do not part of the services (including content, advertising, and software) or use or apis access to the services sales, rent, or modify lease trade, spread transferred to send set out publicly derived thereof or create works for business purposes benefit.
Software license.
Agb subject to their compliance with this and we grant you a personal, non-transferable, not free,,, non-exclusive license to use abtretbare it consists of the software and apis which them from us as part of the service is provided.
This licence serves the purpose to enable alone, the services as we provided and in accordance with these and any other conditions, and directives to agb's benefits and to enjoy its benefits.
It they are not permitted, the source code of our () or reverse engineering software zurückzuentwickeln try to extract, unless applicable laws prohibit such restrictions or you have our express written approval.
Software we can automatically updates to security and other purposes download and install, without them in advance to notify.
Support.
Unless expressly indicated, we are no support for the services available.
If we provide support, it is in our sole discretion, and does not mean that such a support also continues in the future.
Fees.
We reserve the right, at their own discretion to access or the use of existing and future services (and associated support) fee.
We opt to charge fees apply our and we will be notified. in advance payment
Different versions of the services.
In descriptions of services which may be available in your country or functions and their region are probably not all functions available.
Moreover might not all functions available when a user with which they communicate, another version of the services or third party software.
Directive against abuse.
We prohibit sending emails or adverse news about the services.
Do without the prior written consent of us in connection with the services offered or no economic activity in non-commercial in nor any activities with high apps exercise data.
Each behaviour and any activities or services the experience of other users are you disturb prohibited.
Envrmnt 360-bedingungen.
Us-nutzer Envrmnt: the apply to them and are 360-bedingungen in english and in spanish here to be found.
Rss feeds are.
If one of us provided (" "), use Rss-feed Yahoo-rss-feed it may not reflect the contents of the feeds without amendments.
They must also on our website as a source and a link to the point on the complete article; Yahoo-rss-feed
There must be no advertising in the integrated. Yahoo-rss-feed
We reserve the right, and to all users at any time Yahoo-rss-feed at any time without giving any reason to require the use of Yahoo-rss-feeds to an end.
For individual products or services we are sometimes more detailed in connection with the Yahoo-rss-feeds. conditions
Your account, notifications
Accountdaten.
To use some services they need if a account.
Must ensure that their (this is the data Accountdaten indicate if you are on a service register or of the latest technologies, to subscribe to these) complete, true and is true.
Aol-accounts except shall apply to all that they are not transferable and Yahoo-accounts all the rights it with the death of Accountinhabers ends.
Access to your account.
You are responsible for all activities in their or on their account take place.
Around her to protect the password, account must keep.
Use password of their accounts not for other services.
Without prejudice to legally rights: they are aware and you will agree, that if you forget your password or their account to yahoo can confirm, may not otherwise on their account no longer have access and that all the data in relation to this account no longer can be found.
Notifications.
Yahoo can send them notifications, including notifications of changes to that agb. and Servicehinweisen
This may, inter alia, by e-mail, sms, mms, letter, or, in the service Push-benachrichtigungen In-app-nachrichten posts, telephone or other appropriate channels done, currently are known or be developed in future.
They agree on these channels receive notifications.
They receive the notifications, if they may not by access to services in unauthorised ways this hurt. agb
In such a case, are all that they had served as notifications received if you to the services without access way had.
Data protection
Datenschutz-center in our for details as to how we deal with their personal data.
Using vote our services and the use of their data by us data protection directives in accordance with these data protection directives.
By services of yahoo benefit, benefits and you recognise that the in the centre of many of our services stands. personalisation
We can only provide many of these services, if your personal information is used to personalised content and advertising to.
In Datenschutz-center manual for more information on the personalization.
Procedures for infringements of copyright and related intellectual property
We respect the intellectual property third and we also expect this from our users.
Under conditions we can at their own discretion accounts of users that such rights may be infringing disable or other appropriate steps delete.
If they believe that their copyright or intellectual property rights have been violated, follow the instructions here.
Lizenzübertragung content of the services and to yahoo
Content.
Not anything which in the service of us be displayed are our property.
The responsibility for such content rests with the person or the content available power. Personengesamtheit
We take no responsibility for the conduct of third parties, including those persons (), with which they use in aggregates of services to communicate.
Many of the services allow you send of content.
They yahoo, not take full responsibility for all content-which they publish, mail, upload transferred or otherwise made available by means of the services.
Agb content, which we can or applicable laws and regulations, remove, and their presentation refuse. hurt
This does not mean that we monitor or examine or content services filters.
You aware that you when using the services or access to services, was immoral or undesirable content may be exposed.
Intellectual property rights and issue.
Unless in the special conditions for products or services directives for one of our stated otherwise, stay holders of all intellectual property rights, in content have that they enter the service, where available upload parts or.
They give us a worldwide,,, open-ended, exempted non-exclusive irrevocable, and their content transferable licence in any way unterlizenzierbare, and in any medium, whether Bereitstellungsform currently known or unknown, (a) to use, modify, memories, hosten, reproduce, working, as derived works (translations) to produce changes and other groups to communicate, to publish it publicly, to represent drive and be publicly (b) other users to allow on their content by means of access to services, to expel publicly to reproduce derived thereof to create and public works list as the functionalities of services (for example, users can allow their content blogging items or download.),
Services can in some specific conditions or give a different level of settings use in these services of content may be made available.
We can not have anything which you into the service, or upload to provide, there shall have the necessary permissions to us the licence referred to in this section 6 (b).
Amendment and termination of services and termination of accounts
Continual advances, we accept the services changes and improvements.
Unless section 14 for their region is given in we entitled without previous notification functions or to add or remove properties, new limits for services or introduce a service or permanently or temporarily suspend to.
You can use of those services at all times.
Aol denounce you can do your account here and delete and their account here and delete. yahoo quit
For further information in the corresponding. Hilfecenter
Unless section 14 for their region is given in we entitled without notification and for what reason (about violation of indifferent, of their position or agb's inactivity block, temporarily or permanently account at any time to terminate or to limit or their access to the services or parts of the services only.
Subject legal rights they have, where appropriate, access to your username, may your password and all the associated data files and content in contact with their account in their accounts and their end termination username for use by other can be awarded again.
A subscription service is, you will receive here in our further information can be found. payment
Guarantees and disclaimer
As under the applicable law allowed, we give our affiliate, related companies, institutions, OBERGESELLSCHAFTEN, managers, employees, contractors, representative, partner, " " (together and distributors licensor) no assurances, or promises Yahoo-unternehmen guarantees neither, nor imply, concerning the services.
We make our services as they are, " with all " and " how " defects provided available.
Their use of services, including the content in the service shall be at their peril and we shall not promise to ensure that the assurance, or services without interruption, promptly, safe and free from errors.
They know, and you will agree that the security of data transmission on the internet and of techniques of data retention may not be guaranteed.
We reject any explicit or implicit guarantee from this explicitly.
We won't be obligations and commitments or not in terms of content in the means of services or content, to from the services the out, which we support linked to the services, special functions of the safety of services or services whose reliability, quality, accuracy, availability, suitability or their requirements, certain services or to achieve certain results.
In some jurisdictions, certain implicitly, including an implied guarantee means of minimum quality, for a specific purpose and suitability of freedom of third party rights.
We reject, as far as under the applicable law allowed all implicit and explicit commitments and on the means of services from.
Limitation of liability
You agree that, as far as under the applicable law permitted Yahoo-unternehmen, are not liable to: special or accidental damage, indirect compensation or three sequelae level, with multiple damages or from or punitive damages, STRAFCHARAKTER in connection with these agb or they use the services of electricity.
Yahoo-unternehmen are not responsible for loss of revenue for, revenues, loss of business opportunities, including alleged loss or reduction of the depreciation value of personal data or other losses (" together "), the losses under or in connection with these agb or their use of or their access to services, including losses arise under or in connection with: the cancellation, change, false or incorrect data storage service in the services or by this; the accused transferred limit, or termination of blocking or the parts of their accounts; download data, including personal data, on the services; the unauthorised access to its account or in the services provided to data or by these transferred; left on external resources through the websites or services or by third parties to be made available; their participation in promotion actions of into the services to advertisers, or by the services closely; products or services by these advertisers.
Yahoo-unternehmen are not liable for problems caused by other, unjustified or illegal actions or third force majeure.
Agb exclusions provided for in these and shall apply regardless of whether liability limits we of the possibility which the losses have been informed us this could or should be aware.
Yahoo-unternehmen relating to the liability of litigation resulting from or in respect of these services is shown, where legally or agb and otherwise permitted in paragraph 14, the amount to limited to the amount it up for the payment for services.
Feedback
They agree that recommendations, ideas, proposals and other contributions (" information feedback "), which you have us feedback on our products, services or technologies provide websites, apps of us without notice to you, commitment to, restriction, remuneration or may be used, and compensation to you that you to all current and future rights (including and similar rights) to give feedback moral rights.
Toll services and settlement.
Unless otherwise in the additional conditions for they use, the conditions for them are listed services in this section.
We offer products and subscriptions (" toll services against payment.
This toll services are subject to the additional which you agree, if you agb to toll services and those registered. agb
If it is for a toll service, you must register a means of payment and settlement and inform us indicate precise. payment information
You bound, these data permanently kept up.
Toll services for many they need yahoo, have registered. or aol id
Customers, by aol, find further conditions here. to and
Following important provisions apply to all toll services:
Products from third.
Toll service includes the product of a, do you agree that for Drittanbieters the acquisition and their use of the service and the conditions of use and apply. the data protection directives Drittanbieters
Please read it carefully before they accept them.
Payments.
They stress that they have reached the minimum age a judicial contract concluded.
You agree, all toll services we relate and all other charges of their account, including taxes and charges, to pay.
They are responsible for all the burdens, including purchases of them or their accounts by third parties, setting out the use of their accounts or or integrated accounts (including all allow Unteraccounts persons with tacit or explicit power of attorney or) or of persons Duldungs- Anscheinsvollmacht which give access to their account, because they could not sufficiently protected. credentials
Means of payment.
They authorize us to us, and have the you supplied with these payments are tender.
Proposes payment failed, we can continue tender use you with us, even if we have deposited this in conjunction with other toll services have received.
For all this is responsible, even if a payment of their tender or fails is rejected.
They authorize us to us, and have all data relating to all means of payment in conjunction with her account to save.
In Zahlungsdaten we can last a purchase have entered import and give them the opportunity, this when buying a new product to make use of payments data.
They allow us, suppliers in accordance with the directives and their tender procedures of the schemes and to use updates to
In some cases we use at their own discretion and approved by the payment of the institute, and the issuing bank processed also after its tender expiry date.
Using of means of payment, such as current accounts or savings accounts, can additional charges.
Payment terms.
We toll services are entitled to in advance on a daily, monthly or annual basis, as a lump sum or in other ways, in accordance with the conditions specified account as long as your subscription is active.
This shall apply even if you downloaded or not on your account service does not have access.
Automatic renewal.
Toll see an automatic renewal many of our services.
We prolong their subscription of toll service at the end of the credit card or the burden automatically and Abonnementzeitraumes other you supplied, if you do not tender subscription at least 48 hours before the end of the maturity quit.
Unless paragraph 14 stated otherwise, your subscription automatically the prevailing price (excluding special discounts or under) extended. promotion actions
Burdens its tender we can at their own discretion, for several or all make individually they farm toll services wrap it up.
Protection against fraud.
We can take steps to the validity of the span indicated by the protocol. Kreditkartendaten
Involves debiting of amounts of less than 1,00 and on your credit card and their immediate reversal.
It authorized for us, verification and protection against fraud.
Free about.
We offer you free, so that they may, where appropriate, a testing periods without charging subscription service fees or commitments can try (" free about ").
Unless otherwise stated, and if you subscription not before the end of free will, after the free Testzeitraumes denounce the prevailing price charged the Testzeitraumes Abonnementgebühren: until the subscription is terminated.
Toll if they are not satisfied with a specific service, you must unsubscribe before the free ends to fees to avoid about.
We reserve the right to a free or a about a toll service to limit advertisement and the combination of free with other exclude. Testzeiträumen Werbeangeboten
No refund.
Payments are not eligible, unless the conditions to which they in the registration for a toll service, for their region in section 14 to or below provides otherwise.
Stop / resignation.
Toll service or we have a certain areas at their sole discretion and without notice of change, no more continue or stop.
This includes access to support, content and other products and services, supplement toll service.
Is subject to an appropriate refund on the parts of a maturity which is no longer available set.
They will be a toll service at any time discontinued.
This is by notification to the account or termination of the subscriptions of the product.
Changes fees and Abrechnungsmethode.
Our Abrechnungsmethode fees and at any time change.
There'll be price increases at least 30 days. give advance notice of
Where pursuant to the applicable laws allowed: (i) do you agree not to change, there is the only announced in their toll service to denounce this before the price change enters into force; (ii) their continued use or the continued beyond the subscription of the service is a their agreement, the new price change price for the service to pay.
Schedule.
If for a toll service due within 30 days after the charges is not to be paid, they are in due delay and we can and their account of late payment service due to terminate or charging them.
They shall be liable for all charges, including by our efforts and Inkassogebühren legal costs incurred by remaining outstanding withdrawn.
Mitteilungsfrist of 90 days.
You need to disagreements within 90 days or Abrechnungsprobleme receive their Zahlungsbelegs informed.
You agree that you to your right to recovery of such problems, if they do not give up or inconsistencies within 90 days inform.
On these agb
Drittbegünstigte and conflict.
This agb govern the relationship between you and us.
They shall not grant rights in favour of third parties.
Contradictions or in the case of discrepancies between the provisions of this document and additional provisions of a given service, have the additional provisions prevail.
Changes of agb.
Unless otherwise indicated in section 14 for their region, we can agb from time to time to change.
Unless otherwise stated, are such amendments with the date on which it came into force on this side or be published. Nachfolgeseite
Check at regular intervals on the tram.
Of any substantial changes we are going to (according to section 3 (c) above) contact.
Continued use of the services.
You can use of those services at any time.
Continued usage or a service after entry into force of an amendment of the subscriptions, however, agb their approval of the amended agb.
Waiver and severability.
We have a right to this inadequate or give up the agb enforce a provision, then that is no waiver of this right or this provision.
Will a provision (or part of a provision) for this, you can come and ineffective agb found, we agreed with the objective pursued in determining ineffective permitted under.
Agb other provisions that remain in full force.
Transfer by us.
Agb we can take this and other documents and all directives become integral or on the reference is made are (including all rights and obligations, licences) at its discretion without notice fully or in part).
This can happen, in particular from any cause for purposes of internal restructuring (for example, in a business combination or a winding up).
Service providers.
The services are provided by the company you that the services in their region offers described in section above (") " competent 14.13, except the services Yahoo-gesellschaft the following section 13 (b)).
In your country or the region may be not all services or functions available.
In different versions of the services may be available different functions.
You providers may change if you move to another country and the services to take.
Services are following them irrespective of their location by the same available: Yahoo-gesellschaft
For services in this section 13 (b) (i), the provisions of section 14.2 (usa).
Following services shall be made available to: of yahoo inc.
Engadget (if not otherwise stated in paragraph 14)
Techcrunch (if not otherwise stated in paragraph 14)
Rivals
Yahoo view
Yahoo developer network
Makers
Following services are of yahoo provided ad tech llc.
On aol.
Learning center
Following services are of yahoo provided fantasy sports llc.
Us daily fantasy
Us fantasy cash leagues
Us fantasy per season
Other fantasy sports services by yahoo inc..
Ryot studio is made available. inc. Thehuffingtonpost.com
Flurry Flurry is made available. llc
Choice parties, place of settlement, other regional provisions
Providers of services they use, see the previous section that is eligible for the respective you 13 services.
14 find provisions for in this section, to the place of settlement, certain choice defined terms (including the competent) and other important regional destinations Yahoo-gesellschaft
Questions talk to in customer relations.
They use the following contact details for their region.
United states (us):
Defined terms
Applicable yahoo inc. (address: yahoo entity: aol way, dulles, va 22000 20166).
Age: 13 years
Binding arbitration agreement.
Arbitration Us-nutzer for agreement on.
Them, and we agree that all disputes and claims (" ") disputes controversy which for these services you or agb are made available to us, an adult or related (or from advertising for such services) exclusively by individual or before a court of arbitration will be resolved. BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN
This also applies to disputes between you and your staff or representatives.
You agree that the agreement on these conditions the arbitration or the trial before a court for as a means of resolving disputes BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN AUSSCHLIESSLICHES.
Vote also that you and we in approving these conditions, to abandon the right, a case before a court or before a court of assizes to collect (with the exception of matters for which the court is responsible for) and that they and BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN we to abandon the right, collective redress or other to collect. representative actions
Differ arbitration proceedings is the arbitration can individually but the same damages and the same as a remedy once court.
The award of the arbitration may in all the relevant jurisdictions and enforced entered.
The parties agree that it without this compulsory scheme the right to court actions and also provide a legal proceedings.
Vote also that the costs of arbitration in some cases, the cost of legal proceedings, and that the right of the exceed the arbitration as may be reduced BEWEISERMITTLUNG in court.
Also come both parties agreed that:
Display of disputes.
Do they or we arbitration in accordance with this, the party that agb take the arbitration, first of all of the other party wants the dispute show.
This must in writing at least 30 days before of arbitration at all.
Display us letter must be: yahoo,: Disputes, first avenue, Attn 701 sunnyvale, ca, usa; or by e-mail to 94089 disputes @ yahooinc.com.
Display befalls them in your email address to the (s) and address (es) (if present), the us at the time of display is available.
To display, the type of approach and the required compensation are presented.
May settle the dispute is not resolved within 30 days of each party has the right to conduct the arbitration.
Arbitration.
Agb arbitration act for this is the federal united states.
Except matters for which the court is responsible for all disputes by Bagatellforderungen arbitration before the american arbitration association (aaa) resolve.
The aaa, the commercial arbitration rules (rules of) apply to disputes arising Handelsschiedsgerichtsordnung with these to mediate. agb
But they are an individual, using the services for personal use or use in the household used are the consumer arbitration rules (rules on arbitration for consumers. the aaa (except for the application of rules and procedures which allow). / rules redress
You can information on the process, including the procedures, rules and to initiate a arbitration in the fees in (.) getting aaa www.adr.org
This agb, insofar as they are relevant to commercial arbitration rules or consumer arbitration rules in the aaa do conflict.
Alternative Bagatellforderungen responsibility for.
As an alternative to it can be a special methods before the court of arbitration for him state in which they collect Bagatellforderungen live (or for companies in the seat of establishment) or in santa clara county, california, where the conditions of the dispute tribunal Bagatellforderungen are met.
Place of arbitration.
Otherwise if you and we do not, the arbitration convention or the procedure before the court, or in their usual residence for Bagatellforderungen santa clara county, california, take place / are submitted.
Fees and expenses of the arbitration procedure.
We will all fees for submission, which of them for the aaa of the dispute is to arbitration.
If you have a written and signed message that they can not afford, we pay the Einreichungsgebühr fee directly to the aaa.
Arbitration instead, we also find the management fees and charges for all take that later collected. arbitrators
Vergleichsangebote.
We can at any time before or during the present will be a written arbitration but not obliged Vergleichsangebot.
The amount or conditions of the arbitration shall not be disclosed, Vergleichsangeboten until the arbitration, has made. arbitrators
Take tenders are not in the conciliator, which is a payment them our supply, but less than 5,000 usd is, do we explain to the following prepared: (a) we pay instead of the lower, was granted an amount of sum, (b) to 5,000 usd we their costs, and reasonable lawyers ' fees and (c) we shall all fees for the submission of arbitration and the fees and expenses of the conciliator in connection with the settlement of their dispute.
Conciliator them is the more than 5,000 and and we do not disagree with the word we pay them still amount of money.
Severability.
Be provisions of this agreement to arbitration of a competent court, the court found for undurchsetzbar agreement to the extent that is necessary to adapt provisions to replace and the parties are undurchsetzbaren their disputes without reference to the use of simple. provisions or undurchsetzbaren
But forgoing collective redress, is given in subsection is regulated, of any reason for 14.2.c components or the whole dispute, is the agreement on arbitration for undurchsetzbar this dispute or not elements of the dispute.
Any dispute by a renunciation of force as affected undurchsetzbar collective redress can only be negotiated before a competent jurisdiction.
Agreements to remain intact and in other arbitration in force.
Clarifies Sammel-schiedsverfahren or that the parties for the recovery of claims third arbitration, either.
Waiving collective redress for Us-nutzer.
Agb conclude this or from, even if the Gruppen-schiedsverfahren Sammel-schiedsverfahren arrangements or the aaa would permit.
This agb, notwithstanding any other provision only for the money or UNTERLASSUNGSVERFÜGUNGEN conciliator, which the claims and order single party controls only to the extent applicable to the claim of the party figures.
Arbitration or legal proceedings in connection with these agb on behalf of a group, can not as a lawyer and prosecutor in pursuit of a public interest or other deputy position initiated conducted and settled.
Individual procedures can also without the consent of all the parties are to be locked.
All questions or interpretation of this section are on enforceability by a court and not by the arbitrators to decide.
SCHWURGERICHTSVERFAHREN Us-nutzer for waiving.
Is a dispute, for some reason, and not through arbitration court, they are and we negotiated agree that a case before a jury.
They and we can do without fully to all rights to a case before a jury in any complaints procedures and, in any manner, or by countercharges in connection with these agb emerge.
In case of a dispute, this section for the written agreement submitted to a court of law to.
Choice.
This agb and the relationship of the parties to each other, including disputes which rights or between the parties may arise, regardless of whether, by illicit actions or other, contracted by the laws of the state of new york without regard for the rules on conflict of law rules.
The enforcement of any claims on the basis of other legal laws by the parties is excluded.
Court.
All disputes (regardless of the) in connection with these Rechtsgrundes or agb relationship between you and us from any reason before a court rather than by arbitration shall be exclusively courts negotiated in the district of new york, new york, or for the southern district of new york negotiated Us-bezirksgericht.
They and we express our agree to the jurisdiction of the courts in the district of new york in the united states of the southern district of new york or new york.
They have also to take all the objections to the exercise of jurisdiction on the courts and the parties by the negotiation before those courts.
Kundensupport.
The following is left for the. Kundensupport
Kundensupport products under the brand aol
Kundensupport for other products.
Kundensupport for other products.
Community-richtlinien.
The Community-richtlinien of yahoo to find are listed below:
English version
Spanish version
In services is " software " and " commercial ' within the meaning of article commercial use of the terms in the system of federal acquisition regulation.
The rights of the united states, only those which all other under this agb and to end users do not have the minimum rights go far beyond. under 52.227-19
Subtitles.
Yahoo holds the applicable rules and regulations of the united states federal communications commission subtitles for a. on video content
Under https: / / / / / they receive captioning www.yahooinc.com accessibility and more information about it can comments and complaints about the make, to which the of video content access is. Rechtenetzwerk yahoo
In new jersey, all in accordance with section 9, with the liability limitations on liability of shameful acts, gross negligence or intent, illicit infringement of a legal obligation by these excluded. neither still limited agb
You agree, not to provide essential services or support resources (or concealment of the nature, location or Verbergung, the source or ownership of material support or resources) for use by the us government organisations as foreign terrorist organization in accordance with section 219 of the immigration and nationality act were considered.
Argentina (ar), chile (cl), colombia (co), hong kong (hk), mexico (mx), peru and venezuela (pe) (ca):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft: yahoo international inc. (address: 1921 87 avenue, nw, fl, usa) doral 33172
Age: 13 years
Binding arbitration agreement.
Agreement on arbitration.
They yahoo and agree that all disputes and claims (" ") controversy which of these disputes or services which them from our agb are made available, grow up or related (or from advertising for such services) exclusively by individual or before a court of arbitration will be resolved. BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN
This also applies to disputes between you and your staff or representatives.
You agree that the agreement on these conditions the arbitration or the trial before a court for means of dispute settlement established BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN AUSSCHLIESSLICHES.
Vote also that you and yahoo by the acceptance of these conditions to abandon the right, a case before a court or before a court of assizes to collect (with the exception of matters for which the court is responsible for) and that they and BAGATELLFORDERUNGEN yahoo to abandon the right, collective redress or other to collect. representative actions
Differ arbitration proceedings is the arbitration can individually but the same damages and the same as a remedy once court.
The award of the arbitration may in all the relevant jurisdictions and enforced entered.
The parties agree that it without this compulsory scheme the right to court actions and also provide a legal proceedings.
Vote also that the costs of arbitration in some cases, the cost of legal proceedings, and that the right of the exceed the arbitration as may be reduced BEWEISERMITTLUNG in court.
Also come both parties agreed that:
Display of disputes.
Do they or we arbitration in accordance with this, the party that agb take the arbitration, first of all of the other party wants the dispute show.
This must in writing at least 30 days before of arbitration at all.
Display us letter must be: yahoo,: Disputes, first avenue, Attn 701 sunnyvale, ca, usa; or by e-mail to 94089 disputes @ yahooinc.com.
Display befalls them in your email address to the (s) and address (es) (if present), the us at the time of display is present / en.
To display, the type of approach and the required compensation are presented.
May settle the dispute is not resolved within 30 days of each party has the right to conduct the arbitration.
Arbitration.
Agb arbitration act for this is the federal united states.
Except matters for which the court is responsible for all disputes by Bagatellforderungen arbitration before the american arbitration association (aaa) resolve.
The aaa, the commercial arbitration rules (rules of) apply to disputes arising Handelsschiedsgerichtsordnung with these to mediate. agb
But they are an individual, using the services for personal use or use in the household used are the consumer arbitration rules (rules on arbitration for consumers. the aaa (except for the application of rules and procedures which allow). / rules redress
You can information on the process, including the procedures, rules and to initiate a arbitration in the fees in (.) getting aaa www.adr.org
This agb, insofar as they are relevant to commercial arbitration rules or consumer arbitration rules in the aaa do conflict.
Alternative tribunal Bagatellforderungen.
As an alternative to it can be a special methods before the court of arbitration for him state in which they collect Bagatellforderungen live (or for companies in the seat of establishment) or in santa clara county, california, where the conditions of the dispute tribunal Bagatellforderungen are met.
Place of arbitration.
Otherwise if you and we do not, the arbitration convention or the procedure before the court, or in their usual residence for Bagatellforderungen santa clara county, california, take place / are submitted.
Fees and expenses of the arbitration procedure.
We will all fees for submission, which of them for the aaa of the dispute is to arbitration.
If you have a written and signed message that they can not afford, we pay the Einreichungsgebühr fee directly to the aaa.
Arbitration instead, we also find the management fees and charges for all take that later collected. arbitrators
Vergleichsangebote.
We can at any time before or during the present will be a written arbitration but not obliged Vergleichsangebot.
The amount or conditions of the arbitration shall not be disclosed, Vergleichsangeboten until the arbitration, has made. arbitrators
Take tenders are not in the conciliator, which is a payment them our supply, but less than 5,000 usd is, do we explain to the following prepared: (a) we pay instead of the lower, was granted an amount of sum, (b) to 5,000 usd we their costs, and reasonable lawyers ' fees and (c) we shall all fees for the submission of arbitration and the fees and expenses of the conciliator in connection with the settlement of their dispute.
Conciliator them is the more than 5,000 and and we do not disagree with the word we pay them still amount of money.
Severability.
Be provisions of this agreement to arbitration of a competent court, the court found for undurchsetzbar agreement to the extent that is necessary to adapt to replace parts and the parties are undurchsetzbaren their disputes without reference to the use of simple. provisions or undurchsetzbaren
But forgoing collective redress, is given in subsection is regulated, of any reason for 14.1.f components or the whole dispute is the agreement on arbitration for undurchsetzbar this dispute or not elements of the dispute.
Any dispute by a renunciation of force as affected undurchsetzbar collective redress can only before a court of competent jurisdiction.
Agreements to remain intact and in other arbitration in force.
Clarifies Sammel-schiedsverfahren or that the parties for the recovery of claims third arbitration, either.
Waiving of redress.
Agb conclude this or from, even if the Gruppen-schiedsverfahren Sammel-schiedsverfahren arrangements or the aaa would permit.
This agb, notwithstanding any other provision only for the money or UNTERLASSUNGSVERFÜGUNGEN conciliator, which the claims and order single party controls only to the extent applicable to the claim of the party figures.
Arbitration or legal proceedings in connection with these agb on behalf of a group, can not as a lawyer and prosecutor in pursuit of a public interest or other deputy position initiated conducted and settled.
Individual procedures can also without the consent of all the parties are to be locked.
All questions or interpretation of this section are on enforceability by a court and not by the arbitrators to decide.
SCHWURGERICHTSVERFAHREN waiving.
Is a dispute, for some reason, and not through arbitration court, they are negotiated and agreed that yahoo proceedings before a jury.
They yahoo and fully to all the rights to a procedure without prior to a jury at any, procedures and actions, in any manner, or by countercharges in connection with these agb emerge.
In case of a dispute, this section for the written agreement submitted to a court of law to.
Choice.
This agb and the relationship of the parties to each other, including disputes which rights or between the parties may arise, regardless of whether, by illicit actions or other, contracted by the laws of the state of new york without regard for the rules on conflict of law rules.
The enforcement of any claims on the basis of other legal laws by the parties is excluded.
Court.
All disputes (regardless of the justification) in connection with these agb or the relationship between you and us from any reason before a court rather than by arbitration shall be exclusively courts negotiated in the district of new york, new york, or for the southern district of new york negotiated Us-bezirksgericht.
They and we agree to the jurisdiction of the courts in the u.s. state of new york, new york, or the southern district of new york.
They have also to take all the objections to the exercise of jurisdiction on the courts and the parties by the negotiation before those courts.
Kundensupport.
The following is left for the. Kundensupport
Argentina
Chile
Colombia
Hong kong
Mexico
Peru
Venezuela
Community-richtlinien.
Our Community-richtlinien can be found here.
In services is " software " and " commercial ' within the meaning of article commercial use of the terms in the system of federal acquisition regulation.
The rights of the united states, only those which all other under this agb and to end users do not have the minimum rights according to go far beyond. 52.227-19
Subtitles.
Yahoo holds the applicable rules and regulations of the united states federal communications commission subtitles for a. on video content
Under https: / / / / / they receive captioning www.yahooinc.com accessibility and more information about it can comments and complaints about the make, to which the of video content access is. Rechtenetzwerk yahoo
In new jersey, all in accordance with section 9, with the liability limitations on liability of shameful acts, gross negligence or intent, illicit infringement of a legal obligation by these excluded. neither still limited agb
You agree, not to provide essential services or support resources (or concealment of the nature, location or Verbergung, the source or ownership of material support or resources) for use by the us government organisations as foreign terrorist organization in accordance with section 219 of the immigration and nationality act were considered.
Brazil (br):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft: yahoo do brasil ltda. internet (
Address: av.
Brigadeiro faria, lima-3,600, são paulo, sp / 9o andar 04538-132, brazil)
Age: (13 years.
But they are between 13 and 18 years old, you need her parents ' permission / guardians to catch up with our accept and be able to use the service agb.
: Onesearch service offered, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo finance, yahoo search, yahoo sports and yahoo lifestyle.
Any if you use these services while they are in brazil stop or with yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Contractual relations will be the services of yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
For this purpose.
For such use, the region concerned this specific provisions in paragraph 14.4 and these shall prevail over any opposing schemes in section 1 or section 13 (a) of this tram.
Services: services which are not in section 14.4 (b) are listed are not of yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Available and yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Is not right or capable of measures relating to these services to take, such as access to or disclosure of and / or removal of data nutzergenerierten content.
Choice.
This agb as well as the relationship between you and yahoo internet do brasil ltda.
Law federative republic of brazil are regulated, without regard for the rules on conflict of law kollisionsrechtlichen.
Kundensupport.
Kundensupport received here.
Our systems and the data of our users to protect is our top priority and is essential in order to ensure safety and confidence of our users as well.
Further information on the safety, our measures and their possible steps, see safety in yahoo.
They agree that their use, and the provision of services a collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of information and user data, including the transfer of data and information is in, and in other regions, such as outside companies the privacy statements above.
Canada (ca and cf):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft: yahoo canada corp. (
99 Spadina address: avenue, suite 200, toronto, ontario). M5v 3p8
Age: the age of the to in their country, their / came of age region a binding treaty to close.
Choice.
This agb and the relationship of the parties, including entitlements or disputes related to between the parties may arise, regardless of whether, by illicit actions or other, contract by the laws ontario, regardless of the regulated on conflict of law rules.
The enforcement of any claims on the basis of other legal laws by the parties is excluded.
Court.
Claims against us are only before courts of the ontario, canada) on the ground.
They and we agree with us in such cases, the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the province of ontario.
Vote also, on all the objections to the exercise of jurisdiction on the courts and the parties of this negotiation before those courts.
Kundensupport.
The following is left for the. Kundensupport
Kundensupport.
Kundensupport (french)
Updates / updates.
We i.e. the latest versions of service to you download and install equipment automatically, when a new version there or function is available.
Certain provinces (including quebec) and the exclusion of territories prohibit Gewährleistungsrechten.
In these provinces and territories they have only via the by applicable laws explicitly acknowledged Gewährleistungsrechte.
Certain provinces (including quebec and prohibit the exclusion or the territories limitation of liability for all kinds of damages of liability limits.
Provinces liable towards them in these we only for damage for which we are liable by applicable laws explicitly.
Australia (au):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft:
For Onesearch, yahoo finance, yahoo lifestyle, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo sports, yahoo search, yahoo weather is responsible the tv and yahoo australia pty ltd (Yahoo-gesellschaft yahoo address: level 4, 8 west central avenue, nsw, australia) and it Eveleigh 2015 the following conditions apply: (a) the agb as well as the relationship between you and yahoo by the laws of australia pty ltd. state new south wales regulated without regard to the provisions on conflict of law, and (b) it and yahoo australia pty ltd. to agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of new south wales.
Yahoo inc. for services is competent (address: aol way, Yahoo-gesellschaft 22000 dulles, va, usa). 20166
For such services, the provisions of section 14.2 (usa).
Age: 13 years
Kundensupport.
Kundensupport received here.
Reserved.
India (in):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft:
Onesearch yahoo mail, yahoo and search for is responsible the yahoo india private limited (cin Yahoo-gesellschaft): U72900mh2000ptc138698 Regd.
03-106 Wework office:, 3rd floor, ii, 1 Oberoi Commerz mohan rd, no 2, gokhale colony colony, mumbai-400 063, Aarey maharashtra, india.
Apply the following conditions: (a) the " age " is 13 years.
But they are between 13 and 18 years old, you need her parents ' permission / guardians, in order to obtain services can be or for a account registered. (
(B) they must at least 13 years old to be able to accept our agb.
Are between 13 and 18 years old, they must also her parents ' permission for guardians / (it.
Agb and and (c) this relationship between you and india private limited by the yahoo india governed, regardless of the laws on conflict of law, and (d) provisions they and yahoo, the india private limited agree exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in mumbai, india.
For services:
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft is the same company which as providers of a given service is provided.
Agb and the relationship between them and the relevant by the laws of the place of Yahoo-gesellschaft regulated, or the competent registration Yahoo-gesellschaft
Yahoo-gesellschaft won't companies of a given service is listed as a supplier responsible inc. (the yahoo address: Yahoo-gesellschaft 22000, dulles, va 20166 aol way, usa).
For such services, the provisions of section 14.2 (usa).
Kundensupport.
Kundensupport received here.
Yahoo india Grievance officer.
Further information on the appeal body of yahoo officer here. india Grievance received
Click is an important judgment of the supreme court of india in connection with the ban on advertising in 1994 Pcpndt-gesetz retrieve it.
(Jp) japan,
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft:
Autoblog techcrunch, for japan, japan, and japan Engadget mail is the competent Yahoo-gesellschaft Aol.jp aol inc. (address: 2-27-25 Minamiaoyama Boundless, minato-ku, tokyo 10 7-0062 japan).
For products under the brand name yahoo to in japan japan can be accessed: these are products of a Drittanbieters.
Yahoo inc. for all other services is competent (address: aol way, Yahoo-gesellschaft 22000 dulles, va, usa). 20166
Age: 18 years.
But they are 18 or 19 years old, they have permission from parents / guardians have to our accepting and the service to take advantage of agb.
Choice.
This agb as well as the relationship between you and us will by the law of japan, without regard to the provisions relating to the regulated. conflict of law
Jurisdiction.
You and we obey the exclusive jurisdiction of the district court of tokyo (japan).
Changes services; changes agb
Services modify, we should, as in section 7 (a), or should we described those referred to in point (b) 12 agb change, you will be within a reasonable time in advance of the changes, which they tell much access to their disadvantage or / their use of the services significantly limit.
In changes to the services or agb, which we need to undertake requirements of protection, security, laws or provisions to comply with, it is possible that no previous notification shall be made.
After the change as them as quickly as possible, however, informed.
Limitation of liability.
This agb have no impact on rights them as consumers in accordance with laws are entitled to and not by japanese treaty be amended or withdrawn.
Becoming the treaty the use of the services referred to in this as in accordance with the law on consumer contracts agb consumer contract in japan, and some of the restrictions are classified in section 9 of this be covered by disclaimers agb in view of the liability of us due to wilful misconduct or gross negligence not for you.
Kundensupport.
After-sales service received here.
New zealand (nz):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft:
For Onesearch, yahoo entertainment, yahoo lifestyle, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo search and yahoo sport is the competent new zealand limited (Yahoo-gesellschaft yahoo address: level 1, 22-28 customs street east, auckland, new zealand). "
Apply the following conditions: (a) this as well as the relationship between you and yahoo agb by the new zealand limited laws, without regard for the provisions laid down in new zealand, and (b) it on conflict of law, and new zealand limited agree, yahoo to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of new zealand.
Yahoo inc. for services is competent (address: aol way, Yahoo-gesellschaft 22000 dulles, va, usa). 20166
For such services, the provisions of section 14.2 (usa).
Age: 13 years
Kundensupport.
Kundensupport received here.
Singapore (sg), indonesia (id), malaysia (my) (ph) philippines, thailand (th) and vietnam (un):
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft:
For Onesearch, yahoo calendar, yahoo finance, yahoo celebrity, yahoo mail, yahoo news, yahoo search, yahoo style, together, yahoo, yahoo weather, yahoo yahoo travel tv and is competent the yahoo! Aviate Yahoo-gesellschaft
Digital marketing singapore pte.
Ltd. (
60 anson road, address: # anson, singapore). 12-01 Mapletree 079914
Apply the following conditions: (a) as well as the relationship between you and these agb yahoo!
Digital marketing singapore pte.
Ltd.
Are governed by the laws without regard to the provisions of singapore and (b) it on conflict of law, and yahoo!
Digital marketing singapore pte.
Ltd.
Agree, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of singapore.
For services:
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft, the company is the, which was of a given service provider Yahoo-gesellschaft is indicated.
Agb and the relationship between them and the relevant by the laws of the place of Yahoo-gesellschaft regulated, or the competent registration Yahoo-gesellschaft
Yahoo-gesellschaft won't companies of a given service is listed as a supplier responsible inc. (the yahoo address: Yahoo-gesellschaft 22000, dulles, va 20166 aol way, usa).
For such services, the provisions of section 14.2 (usa).
Age: 13 years
Kundensupport.
The following is left for the. Kundensupport
Singapore
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
Thailand
Vietnam
(Tw) taiwan:
Defined terms
Zuständigeyahoo-gesellschaft:
Onesearch Auctions, yahoo, for cars, yahoo charity, yahoo, yahoo finance, yahoo from yahoo dictionary, yahoo games, house, yahoo mail, yahoo movies, yahoo news, yahoo money yahoo, yahoo, yahoo sports, yahoo search shopping, yahoo stock, yahoo store, yahoo, yahoo, travel marketplace style, yahoo weather, yahoo tv is the yahoo! Aviate competent Yahoo-gesellschaft
Taiwan holdings limited, taiwan (branch address: 14f, rd, nangang, Sanchong No.66 district 115, taipei, taiwan.
Apply the following conditions: (a) as well as the relationship between you and these agb yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, branch by the laws of taiwan, republic of china (R.o.c.) regulated, without regard for the rules on conflict of law, and (b) it and yahoo!
Taiwan holdings limited, branch of taiwan, votes to exclusive jurisdiction of the district court in taipei, taiwan, with submission. R.o.c.
For services:
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft, the company is the, which was of a given service provider Yahoo-gesellschaft is indicated.
Agb and the relationship between them and the relevant by the laws of the place of Yahoo-gesellschaft regulated, or the competent registration Yahoo-gesellschaft
Yahoo-gesellschaft won't companies of a given service is listed as a supplier responsible inc. (the yahoo address: Yahoo-gesellschaft 22000, dulles, va 20166 aol way, usa).
For such services, the provisions of section 14.2 (usa).
Age: 13 years
Kundensupport.
Kundensupport received here.
Europe, middle east and africa
Defined terms
Competent Yahoo-gesellschaft: yahoo limited (address: 5-7 point emea square, north wall quay, dublin, ireland) 1
Age: in eu member states is a minimum age of 16 years or, where a member state a lower age for the agreement to the processing of personal data allowed lower age.
In countries outside the eu is the minimum age 13 years.
Choice.
Agb for this, its application, interpretation and its genesis and the relationship of the parties, including any resultant disagreement between the parties (including außervertraglicher) shall rights or disputes irish law no regard for the conflict of laws.
Competent jurisdiction.
Provided in the following section (d) not regulated, come and we agreed by way of derogation, for entitlements or disputes related to under or in connection with the agb, their application, interpretation or its production arise (including disputes), the rights or außervertraglicher exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of ireland.
They and we agree, in such cases, the personal jurisdiction of the courts in ireland.
Undertake any objection on the exercise of jurisdiction on the courts and the competence of those parties this courts.
When stored in a european union country resident, nothing in this section (b), including the agb and (c) above, you right to the use of a mandatory right to appoint a local or through contractual agreements Gerichtszuständigkeit not changed.
The european commission is a platform for the online dispute resolution available to you here can all: https: / / ec.europa.eu / consumers / odr /.
Kundensupport.
The following is left for the. Kundensupport
Ireland
Britain
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
All other countries
Changes services; changes agb
Services if we modify as defined in point 7 (a), or when we described this in accordance with section 12 (b) modify agb, you will be with a reasonable time in advance of the changes to inform our users much access to or use or disadvantage of services substantially restrict.
Their continued use of services after the date of entry into force of such amendments means that the modified services or agree. agb
For modifications of the services or that we need to undertake agb protection or safety requirements or legal or administrative requirements, it can tell, they are in advance may not, however, as soon as possible inform.
Cancellation communication on, blocking or restrictions on the services or of its accounts.
Subsection notwithstanding (f) above and without prejudice to their legal rights, we can your account without prior notice or permanently or temporarily block or delete their access to parts or all their account or the services or restrict broadcasts,
Agb if you, including the provisions provisions, directives and targets, converted to violate or we reason to believe that you are about this to be
In response to questions of judicial authorities or other authorities in current legal proceedings,
In unexpected problems or difficulties or technical or safety
Account long periods of inactivity shows if you under our directives on the removal of accounts.
Account permanently or block we are, you will be and, to tell them adequate time to access and data files and content in relation to your account to store, unless we have reason to believe that a continuing access to your account against applicable law or requirements of judicial or other authorities; or us or third harm.
Withdrawal period for consumers in the eu.
Rules supplementing the following section 11 (toll services and settlement).
Consumers resident in the eu may be their toll service without giving any reason within 14 days after the conclusion of the treaty, quit.
Let us please use this form.
You are no other option available to send us this form by post.
We need a period of notice before 14 days contact.
Exceptions.
Purchase digital content by if they are not on a tangible medium shall be made available, are you aware and they agree that the right to withdraw shall cease as soon as you with the stream or download digital content have started.
Refund.
Treaty if they withdraw to them that we we all payments you for the service received without delay and at the latest toll within 14 days from the date on which we have received the notified of its cancellation.
For this we use the same means they repayment for the initial transaction have used unless they have expressly agreed otherwise.
You before the end of the withdrawal period with the use of services started so you have a reasonable amount to pay to the proportion of up to the receipt of your withdrawal in relation to the services used in our overall level of contractual services.
Automatic renewal.
In addition to section 11 (b) (v): directly for their automatic renewal and the subscription price has risen, you will receive a notification of existing new price and have the possibility of their subscription for a period of 14 days after receipt of the notification to resign.
In this case is the new price is not in force, and their subscription ends with the expiry of this period.
Haftungsausschlüsse and restrictions.
Nothing agb in the has an impact on rights under the laws of ireland them as consumers and the eu are entitled to and through the treaty is not amended or abandoned.
Certain Haftungsausschlüsse and restrictions shall apply mutatis mutandis in sections 8 and 9 of agb not for consumers who in a country of the eu are located.
Our responsibility.
Regardless of the scheme in section 9 in the case in deceit or we, violation of body with life or health as a direct result of at least behaviour in relation to the services through negligence on our part.
Additional conditions for users in italy can be found here.
Additional conditions for users in germany can be found here.
Last updated: 25 january 2022
