Conditions of use of zoom
Valid from: 13 april 2022
Important carefully read: their use of the website, products and services and associated software (in the " services ' means of communications, inc.) zoom video
And its related companies (" zoom) is subject to the condition that they comply with these conditions and accept.
Please read these conditions before the adoption of carefully.
By choose / the box " / " i agree to select clicking access or services use zoom zoom website, do you explain agrees to this conditions and all attachments, and directives (the " agreement contained a subscription form " or the " legal ") to bind. conditions
The zoom services are for persons who have no legal to these may be unavailable. bound conditions
Zoom ready, the services and they can upon the services access and use it, both in accordance with this agreement.
Zoom is listed services by its related companies provide.
Services Online-registrierungsseite or if you on a one " ") (order form order form, it can designate additional conditions and information regarding the order form of them designated services.
Provided it in such for their services in additional conditions not explicitly selected is otherwise are those additional conditions included in this agreement in relation to their use of this service.
Requirements.
Services requires the use of one or more compatible devices, internet access (for may incur a charge) and certain software (), also for may incur a charge may occasionally be necessary or updates upgrades.
Because using services hardware, software and an access requires, your ability to access services and to use them, the provision of these factors affect.
Whereas High-speed-internetzugang a.
They acknowledge and agree that such, which sometimes may be amended system requirements in their responsibility.
Definitions.
For this agreement, the following definitions, and a reference to the singular and the plural includes a and vice versa.
Dienstspezifische definitions are in the description of services at https: / / / / / included. de explore.zoom.us services-description
" Subsidiary ' means in relation to one party have legal personality, the party directly or indirectly controlled or controlled by, or together with the party.
The purpose of this agreement, " control ' means an economic share or of at least 50 % (50 % proportion of voting rights), or, if such an economic share or is not available, the power, the proportion of voting rights of management or their affairs to draw direct and directives to encourage that legal person should be established.
" End-user ' means a host or a participant (as in the defined), the service uses Dienstbeschreibung.
Abolaufzeit first ' means the first for a service, as a Abolaufzeit order form).
" Dienststartdatum ' means the date on which the first begins, as in a specified Abolaufzeit order form.
" Verlängerungslaufzeit " means the one for a service, the Verlängerungslaufzeit subscriptions after the first Abolaufzeit or any other begins, as in a specified order form Verlängerungslaufzeit.
" Taxes and charges and taxes or fees ' means all applicable turnover, exploitation, environmental, vat, charges, duties or Zwecksteuern (including customs duties), costs increases to the assessments or provision of services to customers are collected (with the exception of income tax, which imposed). zoom
" Vat ' means any vat and any other tax, regardless of whether they of a similar nature in a member state of the european union as a substitute for or in addition to this tax imposed on or elsewhere is levied, a goods and pis / COFINS, a similar, Dienstleistungssteuer indirect taxes or its corresponding tax in connection with the or otherwise in relation to the zoom provided to the client services.
" Their data ' means information made available, in order to zoom zoom the terms of the agreement and meeting access to services can enable (e.g. name,,,, Rechnungsadresse name of contact person Steueridentifikationsnummer Mwst-registrierungsnummer and contact details).
Are solely responsible for the accuracy of their data, and zoom does not assume any liability for errors and omissions in their data.
Services.
Zoom described in, the services and updates of standard order form providing services by zoom during the period made generally available.
Zoom can sometimes at their own discretion and without giving prior notice of the services or functions set of services change.
Beta-dienste.
Zoom can sometimes access to services offer as classified. on
Access to and the use of additional arrangements. can Betaversionen
Zoom ensures not that an ever made generally available and on reserves the right to a beta version at any time without notice to modify or cancel.
Betaversionen in state provided may bugs, errors or other deficiencies and their use shall be made on a beta version included peril.
Use of services and their responsibilities.
Do services only in accordance with the terms of this agreement use.
You alone for the end-user, they and their use of services responsible shall in all legislation follow and compliance with the by you and to any use of services apply, including of end-users, but not limited to legislation to records, intellectual property, data protection and export controls.
Use of those services is subject to a valid national authorisation.
Registration.
Around for certain services to register and / or to use them, you must sometimes information about yourself.
Saying that such information is complete and correct.
They may also invited a username and a password to be established.
You alone are responsible for the safety of your username and password to maintain, and undertake not to these third parties.
Their content.
They declare that they alone for the content (" ") are responsible in the content of the use of services by, or appropriate, it shall supply and that they alone uploaded for compliance with all laws in relation to the content are responsible, including but not limited to, laws under which they are obliged to obtain approval third content benefits, and this third on an adequate scale of their rights to them.
They provide and to ensure that they have the right to its contents, and this not upload zoom injured or be broken. rights of third parties
Zoom liable under any circumstances in any way for (a), the content during the use of services transferred or be considered, (b) errors or omissions in the content, or (c) losses or damages of any kind, resulting from the use of, access to or the denial of access to content operators.
Zoom although not is responsible for content may at any time without notice anything delete zoom zoom decides that it against if provisions of this agreement or a law.
Keep copyright and all other rights which they already at the content they have in the services or on the services provided or set.
Records.
They are for the compliance with all laws to records responsible.
The host may choose, meetings and zoom zoom recorded. Webinare
By using the services give their consent for the storage of records for zoom zoom or any or all at which meetings), Webinare participate, provided that such records in our systems are stored.
You will receive a notification (or otherwise), where visual recording is checked.
If you do not agree, to be recorded, you can choose the meeting or to leave. Webinar
Use prohibited.
They explain that the services are not using to the following to do, and also a corresponding use by another end user shall not permit: (i) the source code of services to modify, derived from it, work, disassemble dekompilieren create these recreating or otherwise to try to gain access to them; (ii) deliberately or negligently in a way to use the services of the networks of zoom, or abused your account services this serious or cut off; (iii) illegal, fraudulent, false or misleading activities; (iv) of the services to provide the material or other intellectual property rights of third parties injured; (v) a or to develop or characteristics, Wettbewerbsprodukt Benchmark-produkt functions or graphics to copy of services or (vi) the services should be used to communicate messages or materials other address's obscene, threaten, intellectual property rights of third parties would violate sittenwidrig or any other irregular means would be a civil liability would emerge or according to a law
Restrictions on use.
Them is prohibited, or the services services produced reports or data regardless of the objective pursued to replicate, so that, unless resell or expel, this was them under a separate agreement with zoom allowed.
Prohibited they offer or to allow third parties, they have to make use of the services or services from a content service have received (except content which they have produced) on a website or by other means to publish or by the services or the services to other sources of income to achieve development, production or marketing of a service or product to use, or the essentially is the services.
Responsibility for end-users.
They are responsible for the acts of end-users through your account to access or use the services and they undertake to ensure that these end-users the conditions of this agreement and the directives of zoom.
Zoom assumes in case no responsibility or liability.
If you take note of a breach of this agreement in connection with the use of services by a person talk in erlangen, trust to zoom. @ zoom.us
Zoom complaints and infringements can be investigated and zoom known at their own discretion to take appropriate measures (or refrain from), including, but not limited to, delete the content or the resolution of official warnings accounts and / or Benutzerprofilen.
Zoom liable under any circumstances in any way for data or other content that during the use of the services are shown, including, but not limited to, errors or omissions in such data or content or losses or damages of any kind, resulting from the use of, access to or the denial of access to data or content operators.
ZOOMS obligations in terms of content.
Zoom has adequate physical and technical security measures, consistent with the to prevent unauthorised disclosure of industry standards are content or access to the same principle.
Zoom notify when a zoom unauthorised access to content is run.
Zoom must not be at content, or if you look at them access processed, except as in (a) of this agreement and in the privacy statements of zoom; (b) in the planned them approved or, (c) where in need amount is required to the duties resulting from this agreement, or (d) in the context of legal requirements.
Zoom, in terms of content have no further liability.
Right.
They confirm that they at least 16 years old and elsewhere fully able and empowered the covered by this arrangement terms, conditions, commitments, declarations and assurances on consents to comply with this agreement and to be respected.
You access may be terminated without prior notice, if we believe that it less than 16 years or otherwise are not valid.
Does NUTZUNGSEINSCHRÄNKUNG, use in children.
The services are intended for business use.
Subject to the provisions and restrictions on this arrangement do the services used in other areas.
Zoom is not intended for use by persons younger than 16 years of age, unless over a (with Schulabonnenten is defined), the description of the services importance for education (zoom to level 13) uses. for now
Costs and cancellation.
They agree that many of us have selected zoom your credit card and zoom (" your account (), means of payment for the services and with all due amounts due are.
All payments made by them under this agreement to afford, are free of any withdrawal or under legislation retention.
Retention deduction or if such (including, but not limited to, for domestic or cross-border payments) for withholding tax payment is necessary, you pay the necessary additional amount so that the with us detailed corresponding to the amount of the net amount under this agreement is due and payable.
We put them in a reasonable way requested to reduce or eliminate tax forms of the retention or deduction for taxes on under this agreement the payments made available.
Zoom may at any time prices change, including a free service in a service to be paid to services into account, free of charge so far offered under the condition that they informed in advance and zoom gives them the opportunity, your account to terminate the price of one of them subscribed zoom service changes.
Zoom will have so far only if you calculate services offered free of charge on the corresponding fees have been informed and have agreed to pay these fees.
They agree that all necessary steps, these can zoom of them and that they collect fees for all costs and expenses are responsible for the zoom in connection with the operation, including judicial and Inkassomaßnahmen Inkassogebühren, if not in a position zoom Anwaltskosten is the fee for the services of their zoom due account recover.
Also explain yourself agree that interest on all amounts due and unpaid zoom can calculate the lower figure with two alternatives: 1.5 % per month or the maximum amount allowed by law.
Subscription you can you denounce.
In denunciation, they are settled, and no additional conditions will continue to service until the end of the current delivered. Abonnementdauer
Upon termination do not receive compensation for a service already paid.
Taxes.
Unless otherwise specified, do all of zoom listed prices and fees plus taxes and fees, regulatory, or other with Servicegebühren Einrichtungsgebühren your account related Abonnementgebühren charges and costs.
If applicable, taxes and charges in accordance with regulatory local laws and regulations on the zoom invoices issued noted.
Zoom calculated at their own discretion, the amount of tax due.
The charged tax and regulatory charges may without prior notice to be amended.
Mwst-rechnungen.
If this is required by law, zoom them a bill with a document that vat or designated by the competent tax treatment. as Mehrwertsteuerrechnung
They accept that these accounts can be issued. electronically
Exemptions.
Taxes or fees if they are exempt, they are all relevant and / or other zoom Steuerbefreiungszertifikate documents available to this to the satisfaction of the competent tax authorities demonstrate. Befreiungsstatus
Zoom reserves the right to the information supplied in to review and validate tax exemption.
In case that the documents are not valid for tax exemption reserves the right to zoom the payable taxes them at taking account.
Payment of fees and taxes.
They pay to all applicable taxes and charges. zoom
Are solely responsible for the payment of taxes and charges, as a result of the provision of services by zoom are guilty.
If for payment of taxes and charges are required, they must these amounts at a level without any reductions or offsetting figures which under this agreement to be paid, and to zoom figures and take, the additional amount is necessary for the full amount of the payment shall, as necessary zoom if no such reduction or would be required. settlement
Vat owing by the customer.
For if taxes and charges to the tax authorities by the reverse charge mechanism or any other similar mechanism for you instead of to pay, they are due to zoom zoom all appropriate documentation for the type of business available, such as a valid (or similar information to Mwst-identifikationsnummer necessary). the relevant Mehrwertsteuergesetzen
Zoom reserves the right to review and validate. their Mwst-identifikationsnummer
If that is not valid, reserves Mwst-identifikationsnummer zoom the right to them yet, the current vat charged to.
To avoid doubt be clear: if you a tax within the framework of the reverse charge vat debt or a similar mechanism, they are solely responsible for these amounts to the tax administration responsible to pay the full amount of the payment is necessary so that zoom.
This assessment.
The Steuerfestsetzung is based mainly on the site of the customer his company on the basis of the information about clients, or in individuals on the established location at which this person their permanent residence.
This zoom as their " is " defined Rechnungsadresse
Zoom reserves the right to the site with other available to compare to prove check that your Standortsangabe is correct.
If that is not correct their reserves Standortsangabe zoom the right you outstanding taxes and charges at taking account.
Use and exploitation rights.
Zoom-dienste these services if they acquire and any of its subsidiaries in a country which can be used and assessed from its location in accordance with section 9 (e) the conditions of use, please confirm that it is as necessary as a supply of its subsidiary treatment.
In the event that they purchase services and the services of a branch or individual in a country which can be used and assessed from its location in accordance with section 9 (e) the conditions of use, please confirm that it is on the zoom, and allocated to services tell recognise that zoom reserves the right, taxes and charges based on the use and analysis of these services to collect.
Resignation.
Zoom contains information on the website of, as you may terminate your account.
If a service for a certain period earned where such termination on the last day of the current period in force.
Your order form could provide that automatically starts, unless a Verlängerungslaufzeit party is of the other party at least thirty (30) days before the beginning of the next; and retiring Verlängerungslaufzeit
If any provisions of this agreement do not respect can zoom this agreement with immediate effect and denounce all of them before charges paid it.
The sections 1 and 3 up to and including 22 shall also apply after termination of this agreement on.
A denunciation of this agreement, they must in any further use of the services.
Should at any time with the services not be satisfied, there is your only the use of the services to appeal and to initiate this. Kündigungsverfahren
Property rights.
Zoom and / or its subcontractors to retain all property rights if services and for all; trade marks, logos and domain names (" zoom service marks "), the with the brands associated services or below.
Them is prohibited, without the express written approval, by framing " technique or other proprietary brands zoom information (including images, texts, or forms) by involving. zoom duration:
Them is prohibited, without the express written approval or other texts ' under the heading " hidden Metatags marks shall be used. use of zoom
Confidentiality.
The parties undertake to all public information, not by the other party with respect to the business, the systems operate, strategic plans, the customers pricing (including but not limited to the price), contained therein, processes, methods, programmes and / or products financial data of the other party in any way be made available as " confidential ' are identified or can reasonably be considered as confidential should (in " confidential information '), be treated as confidential.
For the purposes of arrangement to their confidential information their data and all information they zoom in relation to the business, the systems operate, strategic plans, the customers, pricing, which methods, processes, programmes and / or their products, financial data reveal.
The parties undertake to its disclosure of confidential information of the other party to so few people as possible and only to those persons who need to know this information (need to know), should be restricted and these people must go to the staff of the party or its subsidiaries include and a subject to standards governing
Unless to fulfil their respective commitments under the agreement is necessary, may none of the parties confidential information of the other party to persons, firms pass without first the prior written consent of the other party to obtain unless this is expressly permitted this; the confidential information of the other party must also not for their own benefit or for the benefit of a third party to be used.
Exclusions.
" Confidential information ' does not include content or information which (a) a party at the time of purchase of the other party already legally are known, free from any obligation to the confidential treatment of information; (b) not by a party publicly accessible or wrongful act; (c) legally by a third party without restriction and without infringing this received; or (d) conditions of use by a party without the use of proprietary, not public information be developed that the other party under the agreement is made available.
Exception.
Any party may reveal confidential information, where required by law, regulation or court decisions, but that is required is that the law of such a requirement or a court order, as far as the respective other party unsuccessful party allowed before the disclosure of such use or informed, so that these requirement is given the opportunity to request to a protection order disclosure of information to third parties to prevent or restrict.
Geheimhaltungszeitraum and standards governing.
The conditions set out in this section of confidentiality obligations for a period of stay five years following the disclosure of information in force.
Both parties shall undertake to: (a) appropriate steps to protect the confidential information of the other party and to take these steps shall be at least as much protection as the measures which the receiving party to protect their own confidential information, and not take less than a gebotenes; (b) the degree of diligence shall be notified immediately when a party offenlegende unauthorised use or disclosure of confidential information is found; and (c) in the event of unauthorised disclosure by a party with the receiving party to work together to control of offenlegenden the confidential information restored and another to prevent unauthorised use or disclosure of this information.
Copyright.
It they are not permitted copyright material, or by other property rights or trademark protected without the information Öffentlichkeitsrechte prior written consent of the holder of such property rights in any way to publish, to change, to spread or replicate.
Zoom can all users, the alleged copyright another party injured, access to the services.
Restrict without the above-mentioned, tell your what is in a case in which they believe that their to copyright was injured here given way.
Exportbeschränkungensie recognise that the services or parts of the rules of the american export administration regulations, 15 parts and other laws are c.f.r. 730-774 on export controls and other countries may be subject to legislation (" trade sanctions on export controls and) trade sanctions.
Zoom, on request, the applicable for his services (s) (s) available. Us-exportklassifizierung
They and their end users, contrary to legislation on export controls and prohibited trade sanctions directly or indirectly on parts of the services or associated technical information or material to be used to access the export, re-export to transfer or disclosed.
They promise and ensure that (i) they and their (a) no end-user citizen of a country or territory or are there are the trade sanctions or other main trade restrictions the united states of america is (including, without being limited to, cuba, iran, north korea, syria, and the regions crimea, donetsk and luhansk ukraine) and that they and their end user in these countries and territories not to access services or where they are benefits and services in these countries or territories export, re-export or transferred divert; (b) not in the specially designated nationals and Blocked persons " or " foreign Sanctions list " of the us treasury are listed and Evaders nor to 50 % or more, individually and collectively in property; and (c) listed persons not in the list of persons, " " denied " or " entity list list or in us doc Unverified lists the us state department listed; (proliferation sensitive (ii) they and their in china, russia or venezuela established and no military end-users end-users
You alone are responsible for ensuring that the and complied with, and to changes Exportkontroll- Sanktionsgesetze monitored.
Non-use high risk potential.
Our services are not for use in environments that dangerous designed or licensed. ausfallsichere control
It covers in particular: operation of nuclear installations, traffic or, air navigation systems and for weapons systems or Flugkommunikationssysteme
Services may not apply to or in environments with high risk potential to be used.
UNTERLASSUNGSANSPRUCH.
They recognize that any use of services contrary to this agreement or any transfer, reproduction or disclosure of technical information, Unterlizenzierung or materials associated with the services at an irreparable harm to zoom, its subsidiaries, subcontractors and other parties by the services, have been authorised zoom to drive to promote (or resell " "), and that can lead dealer in such circumstances, its subsidiaries, subcontractors and zoom right to appeal to have dealer have to provide, without Billigkeitsrecht including, but not limited to, temporary and permanent Unterlassungsansprüche.
No guarantee.
You note and agree that the services are provided and that no guarantees, its subsidiaries, subcontractors and zoom any assurances of every kind, whether explicitly dealer explicitly or implicitly, in particular, the marketability, suitability assurances ignore any possibility for a particular purpose or NICHTVERLETZUNG of third party rights.
Zoom its subsidiaries, subcontractors and give no assurances or dealer in relation to the means of results from the use of services can be reached, or in relation to the accuracy or reliability of information on services is collected or in relation to this that the services the needs of the users with or that the service continuously, timely, safe or non-interference accessible.
Use of those services shall be carried out at their peril.
Download or otherwise purchase of materials and / or data on services is your discretion and at their peril.
Relying they are responsible for damage to them from the use of services to emerge.
You take all the risk resulting from the use or the performance of the services returns.
Zoom assumes no responsibility for the storage of communications between the users. or user data
Zoom can not specific results from the use of services and ensure they will not promises.
The use is at their peril.
Indemnification guarantee.
Undertake zoom, its subsidiaries, employees, managers, employees, adviser, representative, in relation to all suppliers and dealers claims, liabilities, damage and / or costs (including, but not limited to, by third parties, which, in their) Anwaltskosten use of services, their violation this agreement or denying or violation of intellectual property rights or other rights of natural or legal persons by you or any other users to your account in com munity and to keep. schad-
Limitation of liability.
Allowed zoom, its subsidiaries as legally liable, suppliers and, in any case to specific dealer, indirect, exemplary or damage resulting from afar (including, but not sequelae of any sort, limited to damage caused by loss of revenue for, data loss, damage or loss) or other commercial GESCHÄFTSUNTERBRECHUNG resulting from the use or the use of the services or the provision of impossibility or the omission of technical or other, and even shown SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN if they take place (including) and negligence DELIKTISCH regardless of the treaty, act or other illicit (HAFTUNGSTHEORIE) and even if zoom, its subsidiaries, subcontractors or dealer on the possibility of such damage have been pointed out.
In any case, the maximum liability of limited its subsidiaries, subcontractors and resellers zoom, and you for any claims that AUSSCHLIESSLICHER appeal of or in connection with this agreement, to the actual amount of them in the twelve (12) months before the events or circumstances that have led to such claims, for the services, (where applicable.
As some states and not allow or no legal disclaimer shall take the above restrictions of limitation may not towards them.
SCHIEDSGERICHTSVEREINBARUNG; waiving of redress.
When they are in the united states of america are, you claim that only on a case-by-case basis, to resolve disputes by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of annex a. the parties hereby expressly waive every right, an action, a process or a procedure as part of a collection of public interest, or a private action taking place Gemeinschaftsklage or any other method initiated in which a party or to act as a representative is requested.
Data protection and other directives.
Use of those services is also subject to the; a link is of privacy statement zoom " and legal provisions in the data protection directives footer division zoom.
'S privacy policy and all directives at https: / / zoom.us / are listed by / de-de privacy-and-legal.html this reference in this agreement involved.
If also requires that they use the services of personal data (" or " PBD zoom " personal data ') are processed shall be made on the part of zoom always in accordance with the annex to the global data processing of zoom https: / / zoom.us / docs / doc / zoom _ global _, part of this. the usage conditions Dpa.pdf
Also note and agree that, by e-mail or otherwise associated with information zoom for its use of services are relevant to you can turn, regardless of whether they have indicated that they do not wish to receive or communicate information. Marketing-kommunikationen
Other
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
This agreement shall be subject to the laws of the state of california, united states of america, and is under these acts, insofar as these laws designed to be used within california agreements between residents of california.
Except as provided for in annex a, explain the parties agree that the exclusive competence and jurisdiction to the competent in santa clara county, california, Landesgerichten and Bundesgerichten in northern district of california.
Entities.
For case your account a bill to " zoom ' / " sold to address in india has " is the contracting entity pursuant to these conditions ZVC india pvt.
Ltd.,
Zoom a related company.
Renunciation and severability.
Should parties at any time or fail to refrain from any existing rights in accordance with this agreement to assert or any provision of this agreement through, this does not apply as absence of the possibility of such rights or impose such a provision.
If a provision of this agreement by a court of competent jurisdiction for unlawful, or unenforceable, then is declared null and void if this provision is amended so that it the object and purpose of the determination possible economic, while the other provisions of this agreement is very close to its full validity and effectiveness keep.
General provisions.
This agreement represents the entire agreement and agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter of this agreement, and replaced all previous agreements and arrangements of the parties with regard to this article, except for you or your company was a separate written agreement or a signed a separate agreement on the order form to regulate their use of services refers.
In this case should a provision such an agreement in conflict with the provisions of this convention are then the provisions of this convention as a priority to understand.
Zoom can sometimes the provisions of this agreement at its discretion, amend or supplement.
Zoom is economically justifiable efforts they have substantial changes to this agreement to inform.
Are within 10 working days (10) following the publication of changes to this agreement (or ten (10) working days after the date of notification, if available), for them binding.
If you do not agree with the amendments, you should use of those services.
If the services after such a period of 10 working days to take, it is considered that the amendments to the provisions of this agreement have agreed.
To participate, certain services that they told you can download software and / or additional conditions must agree.
Where such additional conditions are not explicitly otherwise those additional conditions part of this agreement.
This agreement was written in english and such a version in every respect has priority.
All anderssprachigen versions of this agreement are purely for communication.
Appendix a
Binding arbitration
This appendix a to the conditions of use for the other conditions which describes the binding arbitration and waivers to apply. redress
Disputes.
A dispute is a difference of opinion between them and with regard to the services, software, a zoom the with the services is linked, the price of the services, advertising or by your account, communications, its or their reckoning or zoom Kaufvorgangs under any provision of this agreement, including any contractual disagreements, ensure rechtstheorie illicit activities, law or regulations.
Disputes to the enforcement or validity of the intellectual property rights of them or zoom, do not fall. these are
Amicably settle disputes, as part of efforts and, in the discharge of arbitration, each party is, to the other party on this dispute to inform, including a description of the dispute, the measures taken to resolve the dispute and a proposal from the party. vorbringenden
This communication is to be sent. legal @ zoom.us
Bagatellfälle trials for possible.
They can in their court a if the requirements of the court of submit Bagatellfallklage are met.
If, however, a request to another court forwarded or in another bounces, or court appealed, reserves the right to zoom arbitration!
Arbitration.
Disputes that are not in accordance with section a or b could be settled by arbitration settled.
The american arbitration association (" aaa ") is the " arbitration by commercial arbitration rules ". "
For more information see under www.adr.org.
The hearings of the arbitration procedure inherent in the district in which you. instead principal place of business
Is named of arbitrators.
The referee must: (a) all existing foundations of the substantive law; (b) shall comply with the limits applicable before use; (c) valid; (d) a written note Berechtigungsansprüche award create the justifications for this award contains.
The referee may, or to grant compensation and the sponsorship rules Feststellungs- Unterlassungsurteil (including appropriate). Anwaltskosten
Each may award a competent court (for example by a judgment).
Aaa according to the rules of the referee has within its powers, including on the sovereignty of a claim. Schiedsfähigkeit
Exclusively however, a court, because that in arbitration on the basis of class action or representation is.
Expenses of the arbitration.
If they are not capable of, the costs of arbitration proceedings to pay the costs of them shall zoom.
Arbitrator whether there is the decision of the amounts to be repaid zoom, where the procedure for the benefit of zoom is decided.
In disputes with a value of more than $ 75,000 is subject to the payment of the fees and expenses to the and Verfahrensgebühr aaa and the rules of the referee aaa.
Conflict with the rules of the aaa.
Should contradiction between this agreement and the commercial arbitration rules exist, this agreement is of aaa shall prevail.
Requirement for recovery within a year.
Notwithstanding any other limitation periods under this agreement, an emerging dispute within a year or right before the court or an arbitration tribunal to be invoked in Bagatellfälle, starting from the date on which it would have for the first time may be submitted.
If this is this request. as not
Severability.
Waiving wholly or in part if the collective redress for unlawful or unenforceable is found on these parts, but not by an arbitration panel by a, with the regular court ruled by other provisions of arbitration to decide.
If any of the provisions of this annex a or unenforceable is found illegally removed this provision.
The other provisions remain valid and shall be designed so that the original intention of this annex, including the severed provision as precisely as possible back.
