Conditions
Valid from 7 october 2020
Was 7 october 2020
Note: for players from the united states and canada have disputes between you and zynga by a binding arbitration and from case to case be resolved, unless a derogation.
Further information you find in paragraph 15 (arbitration and waiving of collective redress).
Zynga to the world of the play together.
We offer people all over the world with community status. spaßige Unterhaltungserlebnisse
Please read you these conditions and by before you of our data protection directive services is zynga.
Conditions these shall determine the terms and conditions of the use of our existing services (described below).
By your use of our services do you adoption of the present conditions. your konkludent
If you do not agree with all the provisions of the conditions of use, you can not use our services.
Our Datenschutzrichtlinie explains how we your personal data during the provision of services to rise, our memories, use, and the directive disclosure and other processing describes your right and other possibilities with regard to your data.
By your use of our services to recognize our existing data protection directive.
If you don't want from you is in accordance with the data protection directive zynga data, or that you must save our services not take.
Zynga, the terms ", " " we, " " our " or " us " in these relate to inc. and the conditions zynga Zynga-unternehmensfamilie.
Zynga inc. has its headquarters at the following address: 699 8th street, san francisco, california 94103. in all cases closed ", " " we " or " zynga us representatives, consultants, staff and. senior executive board members
1 definitions
" Account " is the account you when you to the services erstellst zugreifst.
" Community-regeln " are the codes of conduct your use of our services and other players and determine the here are read.
" Conditions of features ' means any other rules for certain services, such as platforms and apis applications for mobile, forums, competitions, or that we publish subscriptions Treueprogramme and which, by your use of these special services and where applicable is indicated that they are part of these conditions.
" Tenders " means specific programmes, including, excursions and special gifts, both Sonderangeboten and physical nature, zynga digital from time to time certain legitimate players may offer.
Services our games, products, services, content, and / or other domains or Zynga.com websites by zynga operated.
" Conditions ' means the conditions of use this.
" Nutzerinhalte " are all the data on you or by the services facebook page, or to transfer, erstellst generierst.
These include, for example, your text messages in the game or your profile picture and your works of art in the game or other Video-chats content, which you drafted or designed.
" Virtual objects ' means (a) virtual currency, including virtual coins, cash, chips or to use within the services and points (b) virtual Spielgegenstände.
Zynga-unternehmensfamilie ' includes the " joint ventures and subsidiaries and parent companies, Zyngas other legal persons in common ownership and their representatives, consultants, staff and ceo.
" Zyngas partners ' means the and the content, distributors Zynga-unternehmensfamilie, licensees and Drittanbieter. the -geber Zynga-unternehmensfamilie
2. amendments to the conditions
We reserve the right in our judgment, the conditions of use, or conditions of use of changing features Community-regeln to edit and add or remove parts, by making the revised conditions of use, or conditions of use of features on our Community-regeln websites or within the services (such as by indications in the game) published.
We have, where appropriate, separately on or within the e-mails to substantive amendments news services there.
If us not otherwise specified, are changes from the time of its publication valid.
New versions of the conditions of use, and use of features and other Community-regeln rules, provisions and directives are on or within the services available. www.zynga.com
Services if you continue to use after changes were published, do you you agree that the changes to your continued use of the services are applicable.
You can in the conditions of use, or conditions of use of features to make any changes Community-regeln, unless a written addition is generated by you and by zynga.
In disputes between you and directly the version of the conditions of use, zynga and use of features to Community-regeln the date is valid to the dispute is informed of this zynga.
In case of a conflict between the provisions or the information conditions or other provisions or rules of our data protection directive and have these conditions and the data protection directive zynga priority.
Account and safety.
We ask you to use our services under certain circumstances, to draw up an account and password to choose and / or us certain personal data must be reported.
These may your name, your date of birth, your e-mail address and, in certain cases, your payments data.
This information shall be in accordance with data protection directive and used. Zyngas kept
You marry you, correct, complete and up-to-date data zynga to provide, in particular your email address.
You are responsible for the safety of your account to ensure.
Give your account to third parties and third would not not to use or access to your account.
All through your achievements are exported from you account view.
You wear thus responsibility for all the actions that are carried out by using your account, irrespective of whether they want you authorised.
This includes purchases with a payment instrument (such as credit card or) were made, and you paypal certifies that you for all for bestätigst us or other player by the services of our losses incurred, a third of your account use can be held liable.
You better knowledge of loss, theft, fraud or unauthorised use of your account or gain, or an equivalent suspicion Konto-passworts, give us, immediately thereof.
Use of our services.
Who our services can use: we are pleased that you want to play our, but there are restrictions on who should benefit our services.
You must not use our services, if:
You're not capable, a binding contract with zynga arguments.
You're under 13 years old (or under 16 when you in the european economic area [" eea "] are resident)-in this case you must not create any of our services and benefits account no personal data on the services or to transfer (for example, your name, zynga address, telephone number or e-mail address).
This restriction shall not apply where a service from which information on a Altersnachweissystem zynga as regards the age before a user can proceed collects and this users that their age under 13 Altersnachweissystem in 16 years (or in the eea), to specify the service to use.
As our described, we are either a directive on data protection, which are not available for version of this services personal information, used or reveal, except where collects applicable data protection law of, including the children's online privacy protection act, called for, or we call for the final approval of the guardians.
You are not entitled to services or products, including software, from the united states to adopt-you, for example in a country, against which the united states live imposed an embargo, or on the list of " specially designated nationals " of the us treasury stand.
You're a convicted sex offenders.
You were previously by a service or you were playing a closed Zyngas prohibited except, this barrier Zynga-spiels zynga at their own discretion repealed.
If you are under 18 years old or the age of majority in the country have not yet reached your residence you certifies that your Erziehungsberechtigter this bestätigst reviewed and has approved them. conditions
Significant additional rules and regulations:
Our services uses, you have to if you and all applicable conditions of use of features Zyngas Community-regeln comply with.
These additional rules and regulations are in addition to these are essential. valid and conditions
Please read it to you.
You over a social network, such as facebook to or services on a platform zugreifst services such as apple or google, you must in addition to the present herunterlädst conditions the conditions of use of the relevant law. Drittanbieters
Access to our services:
To access or she play our games or an account with us to produce, it may be necessary that you have an account with a social network, such as facebook have.
Our mobile services in the case for this may be an account with the company that your mobile applications, such as an apple itunes-konto provides.
From time to time it may be necessary, third party software update in order to receive services and games to play. Zyngas
We ask the games and other services for.
Put device (computers, mobile, tablet, etc.) and are ready for all costs for the connection to the internet and, to connect with the App-stores Mobilfunkdatentransfer services and use of services.
Changes to the service and restrictions:
Our services are constantly evolving and we are entitled to your consent to any changes to the services and to the conditions of use, conditions of use of features of data protection directives, Community-regeln zynga traffic.
From time to time it may be necessary to take the game or the software used to continue to use to our services aktualisierst.
We are entitled to such updates, including on the computer or mobile device that you used, from a distance, be carried out without Zynga-software to tell you this.
Zynga reserves the right to the supply of services and / or the support for a particular game or part of the services at any time, either permanently or temporarily to.
In this case, your right to use the services or one of their components automatically terminated or suspended.
Should that scenario materialise, is not required if applicable law by zynga, save as otherwise you refund, or other benefits compensation for selected parts of the services or virtual objects or acquired before earned.
Zynga discretion or accounts shall be entitled to access to the services / all components of the services to limit, suspend, to put an end to modify or delete, access to our play and related services and websites and content, tools to prohibit or content to delay or remove. GEHOSTETE
In such a case, there is no obligation on compensation for any losses or zynga effects to be guaranteed.
This does not apply to users residing in the eea.
If you are in the eea, we will endeavour to you at least one month in advance of any material changes to inform before they become effective, and if you do not agree with these amendments, you can go our services in accordance with this usage conditions quit.
Remove your account:
You can give your use of our services at any time, and you're entitled to stop at any time demand that we delete account by your you in our data protection directive instructions contained took.
Except law if that contrary, we are not obliged to require refund, or other compensation to make concessions if you the deletion of your account. anforderst
Property, limited licence.
Games and services:
Services consist of works, which belongs to the or the Zynga-unternehmensfamilie be licensed, and in proportion Zynga-unternehmensfamilie on copyright, trademarks, patents and universal rights, forms of commercial presentation on intellectual property and other applicable law and / or specific laws protected.
All relevant rights are reserved.
Conditions these rights, not to you or give other parties rights or shares in the services or the components of services.
As long as you these and other conditions of use, including the rules and conditions of use of einhältst Community-regeln, you must features the services that this, for your own, not be subject to conditions of business benefit. entertainment purposes
You'll think so the services not for other purposes to use and you'll think so that zynga for damage or loss to you any liability takes from unauthorised uses of electricity.
You break this to you our conditions or other, we are entitled to is applicable provisions to take measures against you.
These include the denunciation. your account
Can also act as your to which he is infringements of intellectual property rights or injuries that may include Zyngas.
DEINERSEITS services, any attempt to disrupt, in particular the undermine or manipulate the proper end of, or injured Zynga-bestimmungen offends against Zynga-spiels and possibly criminal and civil law provisions.
Your account and virtual items:
Each account, which you in our services, including our games, is not your property. erstellst
This is irrespective of any other provisions of this, or conditions of conditions which features Community-regeln use you decide.
Equally articles you about our virtual are services did not receive your property.
This applies regardless of whether you these virtual objects " " or " bought " did. deserves
Your account and any related virtual objects are owned by zynga.
Zynga granted you a restrictive license and the right to use your account, and the associated items, as long as we services offer the virtual.
To avoid the storage of data, which are no longer required, and / or to improve our services, we can delete the accounts or terminate days (the inactive 180 means that no notification is made.
You is not allowed, virtual objects outside the services (for example, " in real life) to transfer you give away or sell, by, for example, trade.
Such a transfer is for us not legally binding.
You shall not be permitted to virtual objects, this money by to transfer them to exchange Unterlizenz to sell or is trying to do, or virtual objects against any equivalent outside a game to exchange.
Such transfers or trying to carry out these prohibited, and we are entitled, and void your account for this reason, to resign.
Nutzerinhalte:
Nutzerinhalte if you through the services, to transfer or to publish, postest services you to marry facebook page, to ensure that the following claims meet: content
The contents are, in fact right
Not confidential
Not illegal,
They do not infringe contractual restrictions or rights of third parties, and you have the agreement of any other parties to use the whose personal and other data obtained Nutzerinhalts or intellectual property, are part of the Nutzerinhalts
They are free from viruses, spyware, adware, worms and other harmful code
Which correspond with our Community-regeln.
Your Nutzerinhalte of zynga processed. according to our data protection directives
Alone to secure your content responsible.
Each Nutzerinhalt whom you, or to transfer, shall be considered postest publish not proprietary and is not confidential considered.
You keep all your property rights, an open-ended but bring Nutzerinhalte zynga, irrevocable (except the down or in our exceptions), global, exempted exported data protection directives, not exclusive license for use, communication, production works, display and your derivative implementation and amended or waste derived works Nutzerinhalte in relation to the services, including the use of marketing and promotion actions.
Where required by the applicable legislation is allowed, give you all you, where appropriate, for example the right (due to moral rights, as authors Nutzerinhalten of named to be the right or Nutzerinhalts objection to a particular use to collect). this Nutzerinhalts
We shall be entitled to any your to remove if this Nutzungsinhalte, in our opinion this conditions of use, or other features of our Community-regeln fails to comply with conditions of use.
We are also entitled to third on your identity tell if this claim that your Nutzerinhalte a breach of their intellectual property rights or their rights to privacy.
Your Nutzerinhalte we will also provide third or authorities where we are legally obliged.
Zyngas licence is terminated, if you are your Nutzerinhalten cancellation by you of your account a question about our anforderst portal to query personal data put.
Will our data protection directive and comprise the following exceptions: described
Nutzerinhalte response on were all of zynga eingesendet promotion actions of features or other terms and conditions of the conditions of use, shall be subject to advertisement
Shared Nutzerinhalte from those with third either deleted or not in accordance with these already publicly used and conditions
Nutzerinhalte, a separate licence with, to which the provisions of zynga are subject to appropriate licence.
Cancellation if you your, we will all reasonable steps Nutzerinhalte anforderst do to your use removed. from the active Nutzerinhalte
This distance may from our systems include. your Nutzerinhalte
The continuation of our systems, however, is possible. in Nutzerinhalte
This includes. backup
We will also, if we keep copies of the Nutzerinhalte reason to believe that we are obliged by law.
Comments and observations within the services if you, for example in forums, blogs or, or to transfer may publish Chatfeatures postest we do not ensure that other players the shared ideas and information you not use.
An idea or if you are, you want confidential information and / or their use by third you wish, you don't. not then poste
Zynga does not assume any responsibility for the use and acquisition of any of you in forums, blogs, chat rooms or published or transferred by third parties content GEPOSTETEN.
Monitoring the use of services and NUTZERINHALTE
↑
We are in no way obliged to services to or unlawful behaviour of this offensive or other players to Nutzerinhalte monitor, and we accept no responsibility for such behaviour.
Also accepting any responsibility for data material, products or services from other players are offered in their profile), and (for example, are not something we approved Nutzerinhalte
By using our services you understand that maybe you are, you considered offensive behaviour suspended or otherwise feel offensive.
We do not support to the services published and not the validity or guarantee Benutzerinhalte accuracy.
If anyone but against this or the services, then abused is conditions by playing the please notify link " within the services or infringement report is our contact. (Kundensupport
For infringements concerning & contact us please on empires puzzles https: / / support.smallgiantgames.com /).
For requests for combat please contact puzzle on https: / / / / /). a smallgiantgames.helpshift.com puzzle-combat
Although we do not have an obligation to monitor the services, we are entitled to your interactions with the services or your communications with other players in our sole discretion or zynga to monitor or to save if you recorded the services uses (including your communications on texts in the game or). Video-chat
For more information, you will find in our data protection directive.
It is also in our judgment, or other materials, which we Benutzerinhalte at their own discretion as offensive to consider, not to publish edit or remove.
If we come to the conclusion that your communications, or against the conditions of use, conditions of use of this Nutzerinhalte features or breach, we are entitled to Community-regeln after our sole discretion and without prior notice your options, with other players to communicate to post, or to terminate Nutzerinhalte or your services to block access to the full.
Your deal with other players.
I hold you responsible for your interactions with other players.
If you have a problem with another player, we are not obliged to intervene to keep us this possibility, though.
In disputes between you and the other players do you and all partners free of responsibility Zynga-unternehmensfamilie Zyngas assets and / or damage claims,, (directly and indirectly) whether known or unknown, from this dispute created or in connection with this.
This includes damage caused by loss of profit, see use or data.
This does not apply to users residing in the eea.
If you are in the eea is your liability to the land of your law zynga residence.
Under services, we are offering you the opportunity, with your friends or any other like-minded opponents to play.
To ensure that you always with the right skills available opponents, some of these can be automatically generated matching opponent player look like real people and play.
, California resident, if you are dead you on your rights under civil code (1542, the california states: " a general waiver shall not extend to the liability to the creditors are not known or of their existence in his favour it at the time the waiver, and if it suspects nothing with him would be its exposures to the obligor should have had a significant influence.
You we can the use of services for sending sms or mms messages to your friends, family or other contacts, however.
You gotta get this, you're not sending text messages alone responsible for them and you certifies that the tariffs for bestätigst and internet access can be, depending on the Standardnachrichten contract with your mobile.
You are also aware that the recipients, content or timing zynga this text messages does not control.
When you get to decide, on the services to send text messages, that the beneficiaries of the texts you versicherst the receipt of the appropriate agreed. text messages
Payment.
We constitute a service in the form of access to play virtual goods and services for our other.
As part of this, it is possible, by services you pay real money and a restrictive license the right to use the virtual objects and / or other goods or services to receive.
End and operation:
You get a restrictive license and the right to use the virtual objects by you the one of our groups and on the services visit platform, through which you play (e.g. facebook, apple, google, payments data autorisierst.
Zyngagames.com purchase on, if you make, or any other zyngapoker.com gotslotscasino.znyga.com website informs you the Zynga-eigenen tätigst at the time of your purchase which Zahlungsseite for the transaction can use. you payment methods
The price of the product is on the current price when you order your Bestellseite. absendest
Kaufvorgang completed after the is, we can you confirmation mail, the details of the objects you bought it.
Please check the accuracy of the data contained in the confirmation as soon as possible and keep a copy of it for your documents.
Zynga shall keep records of transactions to questions on the future of Zyngagames.com transaction edit.
Purchased virtual objects in our play on other platforms such as facebook, google, apple, or is not involved in this operation zynga and your purchase is subject to the payment conditions and provisions of the platform. Drittanbieters
Please read you the terms and conditions of platform in order to further information.
To questions on refunds or via facebook and google purchases can you carried out as described below contact. our Rechnungssupportteam
In virtual objects, your appointment an offer to us, a limited licence and the right to the use of appropriate services to receive the goods or virtual accept the payment of us will be accepted.
At this time is the limited licence.
With orders to obtain a licence limited and the right to use virtual objects shall, as soon as you on the button for the purchase or appoint in or on the groups klickst Kauffenster:
You'll think so that the virtual objects available as soon as we have accepted your appointment, and
If your place of residence within the european union (the " eu ') have to recognize that your under (Eu-verbraucherrechtsrichtlinie right of withdrawal by the law of your country of residence form) shall cease as soon as we implemented the virtual object provide.
You bestätigst certifies that you as part of our services possible is virtual objects, " " deserve to " buy " or " purchase " the virtual objects, but not legally your property and any number of virtual objects no balances in real currency or of its equivalent.
Vermerkter Guthabenstand in any in your account ' does not real " virtual currency, but a reading on the Wertguthaben scale your licence limited.
All purchases are definitively: that you will recognize zynga under any circumstances to reimbursement is required and that you-in the case of voluntary or involuntary-termination of your account, no money and no other compensation for unused virtual objects, regardless of whether you get a payment on or any other platform like apple, Zyngagames.com google, facebook and other platforms on which our pages or services offer have made.
Purchases to obtain a licence limited and the right to use virtual objects are not legally permitted under the. RÜCKERSTATTUNGSPFLICHTIG
Additional payment:
You marry you, for all taxes and charges incurred by paying you or one of you declared account be caused Drittnutzern.
Zynga reserves the right to the prices of goods and services to which you about the services is granted a licence at any time to review.
Subscriptions subject to our additional Abonnementbedingungen.
Rechnungssupport:
For Rechnungssupport contact us about the or + under our call Kundensupport Rechnungssupportteam (north america) or your country code + 1-800-762-2530 (all other countries), 80011551398
Please note that the associated with the bill for Telefonsupport problems and issues in english only.
These numbers are exclusively for problems with questions intended account and.
The contact person that you in this point, you can not reach in technical problems or issues relating to the gameplay or purchases in the game help.
For Kundensupport based not on account referred is, you must settle on the contact. Kundensupport
Promotion actions and offers.
We offer you might sometimes temporary. promotion actions
Please read you the official rules or conditions of use of features (if applicable) in connection with all promotional.
They are in addition to the conditions of use shall apply.
We may continue to apply special offers uncommon.
We are not obliged to tenders, and you are not obliged to accept them.
Tenders shall not be transferable and can not against other objects of value or are exchanged, except to our honoured can only.
If you take an offer, can you to sign a and to or Teilnahmeberechtigungserklärung Haftungsfreistellung signed to offer to obtain other documents.
Some tenders shall be subject to taxes and other charges or require travel or other activities outside the virtual world.
All this may be before acceptance of the tender specified deinerseits
In acceptance of a tender would you get on in connection with the supply any liability.
10 advertising from third parties
Our services, advertising or other of us companies.
What data is carried out in our data protection directive we Werbepartner candidate.
Please read it to you.
Uncommon we are within the services or our games links to websites or companies prepared to you to Drittfirmen participation in a advertisement and a feature or upgrade of invite you services (such as) in return offer. Spielwährung
For any costs or commitments you from such interactions with, you're responsible. as Drittfirmen
We do not support the websites of responsible that we with our services Drittfirmen link, and such a link does not mean that we are following or any information to hand you find support or approval.
We accept no liability for demands that on content, goods and / or services from third parties concerned.
Also please take note that we do not control the exercise, and third linking pages they might your collect data, you to indicate your personal or other data you collect data on request or automatically.
These sites and services from third if you use is asking you this third sometimes permission to access your data and content.
We take no responsibility for the content, commercial practices and for the way this or data protection directives Drittunternehmen manner in which they collect data from you, use or pass.
URHEBERRECHTSVERMERKE / complaints.
We respect the rights of other intellectual property and demand the same of you.
We respond to comments which an alleged breach of copyright in the digital millennium copyright act (dmca "), the directive on electronic commerce and related legislation in the eu, and other similar or equivalent local legislation accordingly.
For further information and our directives to references to exist on copyright Zyngas Urheberrechtsverstöße side.
We reserve the right to access a player on the services to terminate, if we come to the conclusion that the player has committed repeated infringements of copyright.
We are not obliged in this respect, the player in advance.
Check EINGESANDTE feedback and ideas.
We beseech thee under certain circumstances, by means of a or our advertisement to feedback on certain features. Kundenfeedbackprogramms
You're not obliged to our question)
Any feedback you us on request as part of a programme or an advertisement, send is subject to the rules of the specific advertisement or of the programme.
Ideas information or feedback, you send us voluntarily, our directives voluntarily submitted are subject to ideas.
13 GARANTIEAUSSCHLUSS availability of services;
Zynga-unternehmensfamilie zynga, and partner of offer no assurance or guarantee to zynga that the services or contained therein content and without interruptions always available or errors.
We due to availability of all or parts of our services business and operational reasons, revoked or suspend thereof.
The use of the services is at its own risk.
Services without MÄNGELGEWÄHR.
Zynga-unternehmensfamilie zynga, and the partners conclude all explicit or implicit guarantees, zynga conditions and other provisions relating to the services from as far as under the applicable legal provisions is allowed.
Zynga-unternehmensfamilie zynga, and the partners conclude guarantees on the ownership and implicit zynga guarantees or other rules on copyright, conditions or the suitability for use of marketability, undisturbed for a particular purpose.
This exclusion clauses should not be allowed in your state or country, they are ineffective for you.
If your state or country, and this requires a certain guarantee period is either 30 days from your first use of the services or required by law; it is the Minimalfrist shorter of the two periods.
Disclaimer. restrictions;
You BESTÄTIGST certifies that the and the partners of zynga Zynga-unternehmensfamilie do not liable for zynga:
(1), random, special and compensation for indirect, costs, judicial and sequelae ZIVILSTRAFEN provided an equivalent claim from the use of services or the impossibility of the services to use grows.
This also applies to data loss or reduction of loss of revenue for, FIRMENWERTS.
(2) compensation for damage to third parties, including the behaviour of other users on the services and external websites are due operator.
The whole risk the use of the services and external websites and the from the services and external websites belongs to you. of injuries resulting
Under existing legislation are applicable to all this conditions contained HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE damage or injury caused by the services or the impossibility of the services to use created or in connection with use of services are for all actions and, in particular in all jurisdictions causal due to, or offences (including the GARANTIEVERLETZUNG VERTRAGSVERSTOSS " negligence " BILLIGKEITSRECHTS RECHTSKONSTRUKT).
Under law is the liability of the zynga and / or partners of Zynga-unternehmensfamilie on the total amount that you limited zynga, zynga and / or the partners of zynga Zynga-unternehmensfamilie in the days (180) have paid EINHUNDERTACHTZIG the immediately preceding the date on which you are such a claim first claimed.
EINHUNDERTACHTZIG if you in the (180) days immediately preceding the date on which such a claim, you are free of charge to the partner or zynga Zynga-unternehmensfamilie, there is the sole and have made zynga only remedy for a dispute with the zynga and / or a Zynga-unternehmensfamilie partners, is that you use of zynga services and resign. your account EINSTELLST
Some states or prohibit the exclusion of certain countries or the liability limits / exclusions as Garantieoptionen described above.
This means that the liability limits may not be / exclusions for you if your residence in one of those states or countries is.
These exclusions are fully for / Haftungsbeschränkungen residents of new jersey.
This Haftungsbeschränkungen / do not apply to users with residence in the exclusions eea.
Comes zynga this fails to is in the conditions of use of you responsible for case zynga suffered losses or damages, which is a predictable result of infringement of this or are from conditions Zyngas Zyngas. negligence result
Zynga is not responsible for any unforeseeable losses or damages.
Losses and damage can be expected if it is an obvious consequence of the infringement, or if you were at the time of purchase of you and considered were. zynga
15 arbitration and not to redress
This section is applicable only to player in the usa and canada.
If you have a problem with the services, can most of it in one of our Spielerforen be resolved.
Before launching a formal don't want you to order under Rechtsverfahrens Kundensupport http: / / www.zyngaplayersupport.com /.
Zynga should you and do not exceed the able to settle the disputes, and you vote Kundensupport described below. the arbitration zynga
Mutual consent to arbitration
, Through a voluntary recognition of this (and in many of our services by conditions to the voluntary button or type in the game for explicit consent with this button you explain) and zynga and conditions of use in any members of the legally allowable size agree Zynga-unternehmensfamilie claims in connection or in connection with the conditions of use, the conditions of use of features, the, your relationship with us or Community-regeln services, including, but not limited Zyngas on your use of services and the information about the services, with a final and binding arbitration bereitstellst to solve.
This shall apply to all exposures, unless considered from all the claim falls under one of the exceptions listed below in the section exceptions to the arbitration.
This arbitration shall also apply when you use your or it. (Zynga-kontos einstellst löschst
In this section and in section 17, can you 15 zynga and members of any party or individually as " a Zynga-unternehmensfamilie together as " the parties ').
Arbitration, a neutral arbitrator instead of one judge and jury instead, and by the voluntary recognition of this, and you do without any conditions on their members Zynga-unternehmensfamilie zynga right to a case before a judge and jury.
Arbitration own rules as for for actions in court.
Are less formal and offer limited potential for the disclosure of the other side of the dispute relevant information to force-the so-called legal disclosure.
The referee may on a case-by-case basis the same and the same compensation which grant compensation a court of an individual may, with the exception of restrictions in up this legislation.
If a party with the judge's decision is not satisfied with courts have limited potential to change the result of arbitration or the referee to reassess its decision.
If one party does not agree, regardless of whether this section 15 (or part of this section 15, including but not limited to the provisions in relation to arbitration, exemption of collective redress and can be implemented, opt-out) or whether it applies to the dispute, all political parties are agreed that these aspects only court to negotiate.
If a court decides that any provision under the heading " no " or " claims " void like collective redress is, it is unenforceable or the whole of section 15 (arbitration and waiving of collective redress) (i.e. he void not applicable).
The remaining provisions of conditions, conditions of use of features and retain in this case, however, remain valid Community-regeln.
In addition: if a dispute about you, or a member of the zynga is brought to justice in Zynga-unternehmensfamilie arbitration should be resolved, or one of the parties involved refuses to a dispute of an arbitration tribunal to be in the negotiating this would be appropriate, then there is another party a court order for resolving the dispute by means of an arbitration obtain (i.e. the arbitration force).
Zynga from you, or a member of the suspension of a trial during the may also Zynga-unternehmensfamilie of an ongoing sought arbitration.
The end of the arbitration
The american arbitration association (aaa) monitored every arbitration between you and the member of the Zynga-unternehmensfamilie, with zynga or at the time the current rules and processes of aaa, including the arrangements for consumer rules), resolve consumer disputes (arbitration to apply.
Rules and processes of aaa can on its website at www.adr.org offices.
In case of a conflict between the present conditions and the rules and processes of aaa explains the parties agree that the conditions of use have priority.
Use opening the form of arbitration on the aaa). (www.adr.org
When you have your residence outside the united states, the arbitration in the district have, in which you take place at the time did your residence.
When you have your residence in the united states have, in california, the arbitration, united states of america, opened.
You zynga and also subject to the jurisdiction of heads of state or in san francisco, california, for bundesgerichts forcing of arbitration, pending the completion of the legal proceedings or to confirm the award to arbitration to modify, to annul or to a final judgment can be obtained.
Zynga is only entitled to you a claim by arbitration to invoke if the following information in addition to the zynga after the aaa: (1) information necessary submit information in relation to all your personal zuzuordnende accounts with, as far as this can identify zynga zynga (both current and previous accounts), including all ids in e-mail addresses and 2 or facebook, zynga) an explicit statement as to how your behavior and all is damaged by zynga facts that which underpin this right.
You are only entitled to zynga entitled to assert by arbitration, if you the following information in addition to the information required in accordance with the aaa: (1), zuzuordnende einreichst information related to all your accounts with, if you can identify these (zynga and current and previous accounts), including all ids in e-mail addresses and 2 or facebook, zynga) explicit description on how you see all the facts and damaged by behaviour, Zyngas the which this right support.
You zynga and undertake personally telephone or video conference or other electronic per in all proceedings before the tribunal Live-weg participate in unless you and take at a later date a different zynga agreement.
Payment full costs of administration and the referee is subject to the procedure, unless aaa consumer arbitration rules, you can prove that the from you under these rules due costs and expenses incurred as a trial; and would significantly more expensive these costs and expenditure which is zynga, judge are considered necessary, in order to avoid that the arbitration as a trial (these are more costly as described below the reimbursement).
Should referee all claims in accordance with the federal rule of civil procedure 11 as unjustified agrees to do you decide to make you all the costs and expenses incurred, zynga zynga has made and that you, in accordance with the rules of the rückzuerstatten aaa were obliged to accept them.
In the event that the aaa for one of you or no referee claimed right may appoint may zynga both parties of this treaty a national court or died in san francisco, california, instruct to appoint an arbitrator.
A appointed by a court, the rules and procedures at the aaa referee, including those costs and expenses relating to comply with these conditions, unless otherwise specified.
Like claims
In case that more of them in the aaa be invoked from the same transaction or substantially similar transactions, facts or events result (claims), they are like " (whether by arbitration or you hard), from the aaa zynga individually and in the order in which they dealt with them.
The aaa is not entitled to the negotiation or similar claims for the costs of proceedings to collect initiated to earlier hard procedures like claims to negotiate before were adopted for this a referee and aaa appointed.
If several like, such claims be submitted together to the order of aaa, and the negotiation should be laid down is not entitled to the aaa whether or similar claims for this trial to collect and not for those costs of proceedings in accordance with the opinion of the procedure demanded to negotiate, a referee aaa first appointed.
To for a referee to the rules of impartiality and independence to aaa required can not be a negotiation to a referee, the referee when he already run right in a procedure for a claim is like.
Exceptions to the arbitration
Explain all parties agreed that the following disputes before the courts are held:
Disputes relating to intellectual property, the holder or you're a member of the (zynga or, for example, trade marks, Zynga-unternehmensfamilie Handelsaufmachungen, copyright or domain names, business secrets patents,
Disputes arising from a breach of Community-regeln;
If the only form of any claims; or Unterlassungsansprüche
Disputes within the jurisdiction of courts " (" small claims for small claims). courts disputes
The parties hereby undertake not under the arbitration desirable. interim injunctions
They are rather from the ordinary courts.
If one party under a procedure both an interim order and other remedies seeks is committed them to court of appeals, prevent the former but within the framework of arbitration.
More information on the courts to which the parties to the settlement of this type of dispute, are located in section 17 may apply outside the jurisdiction in disputes (arbitration shall be subject to).
No redress
, Through a voluntary recognition of this (and in many of our services by conditions to the voluntary button or type in the game for explicit consent with this button you explain) and zynga and any conditions of members of the agreed that disputes only Zynga-unternehmensfamilie Einzellfallbasis. at
That means:
Parties explained agree that neither you nor even members of a claim as zynga or member of the plaintiff Zynga-unternehmensfamilie in a class-action lawsuit, consolidated or Sammelklägergruppe redress may make. class action
The parties agree that the referee is prohibited, demands more than s a person to a single case together and he does not own or or may carry out (except Verbandsschiedsverfahren Sammelschiedsverfahren because, all parties agreed, explain this proceed differently.
The parties agree that the decision of the arbitrator or in the case of granting be specific to that person's person and not to other, and not to the decision of disputes Zynga-spieler with other players may be used.
Removal of the arbitration and waiving redress
You have the right to defeat of the arbitration and of not taking (section 15) and the right of collective redress, not linked to be by you on the us or by post as in notifications Kundensupport described a written notification with your decision to put removal.
Informing must within thirty (30) days from your first use of our services or removal, with the availability of this be sent later is crucial.
Otherwise you are to the in section 15 described settlements linked.
By 1987 this reconciliation is also not bound by zynga.
Amendments to paragraph 15, " arbitration and waiving of collective redress "
Changes to this section 15 to if we arbitration and waiving, tell you 60 days we make redress in advance of e-mail or the services.
Subsection if this changes to paragraph 15, " arbitration and waiving of " not valid or enforceable is class actions will this subsection of paragraph 15 separately and the tribunal or the referee is the first before you use existing section on arbitration and not to collective redress claim.
Survival
This section has to end this usage conditions, 15 continued.
Law.
If you are resident in the united states do you agree that the current conditions of use you to affect inter-state trade and that the interpretation and enforcement of section 15 (arbitration and waiving of the federal act (the arbitration) redress for federal law) are subject to. Schiedssachen
Also subject to the terms of use and our mutual relationship right except the california kalifornischem Kollisionsrechts.
If your residence outside the united states have shall be subject to conditions and our mutual relationship irish law, with the exception of the irish Kollisionsrechts.
17 jurisdiction in disputes outside the arbitration to
If you are in the united states must trial (except for small claims) by the arbitration in section 15 are exempt from before heads of state or in san francisco, california, held Bundesgerichten, unless there is another point in common agreement.
You zynga, and explain themselves with the jurisdiction and the Zynga-unternehmensfamilie personal competence in san francisco, california, i agree.
If you are outside the united states is the jurisdiction for a competent court in the country where your place of residence (" "), have jurisdiction unless there is another point in common agreement.
You zynga, and undergo the place and the Zynga-unternehmensfamilie powers of jurisdiction in agreement.
Severability.
(All this is independent of each other. conditions
Except descriptions in section 15 under the heading " no " is that, where a collective redress part of the conditions of use, conditions of use of features or unenforceable, the rest of the Community-regeln conditions, conditions of use of features and still valid and binding Community-regeln, and that not so that the enforceable parts replaced sense of unlawful or not enforceable remains largely parts.
ABTRETUNGSKLAUSEL.
We are entitled to our rights or obligations under the present conditions, conditions of use of features or at any time to any person or a Community-regeln other entities, without your consent to cede is required.
You are not entitled to your rights or obligations under the present conditions, conditions of use of features or to third parties without first transferred Community-regeln Zyngas written consent so requested.
Any attempt to do this, without our consent, shall not be valid.
Total agreement.
Conditions these and all other provisions or rules on those conditions of use, the whole point agreement between you and us as regards the conditions of use and replaced all previous agreements between the parties concerning the conditions of use, regardless of whether these electronically, orally or in writing, or whether they were agreed by custom, practice, provisions or precedent between you and us have been taken.
This provision shall not apply to users established in the eea.
Language of the conditions.
Translated version of this if we of features, conditions of use, conditions of use, data protection directives or any other terms and conditions or Community-regeln provisions provide, so worship this purely for information.
Should translated version of the importance of the english version differ, it shall be the english version.
This provision shall not apply to users established in the eea.
22 no RECHTSVERZICHT
If our rights deriving from this, conditions of use of features or conditions of use, so we do not enforce Community-regeln not on our right, this at a later date.
In the event that we on the determination of the conditions of use, conditions of features or is explicitly, this is considered not Community-regeln not indefinitely.
If we on our claims about one of you committed non-conformity or is used in violation not writing.
That does not mean that we automatically to the right for any subsequent from you committed or injury. Nichterfüllungen
Notifications.
If you do about something must inform the conditions of use, conditions of use of features or is connected, we can you Community-regeln notify by making a message on or within the from you used www.zynga.com or from you used items Zynga-spiels, and you send an e-mail Zynga-spiele or other communications based on the use contact details available to us, you are.
If you are in a matter concerning the conditions of use, conditions of features or must notify, this must be Community-regeln zynga inc., wrote to Attn: legal department, 699 8th street, san francisco, ca, usa, be addressed-it 94103 unless we have a more specific method of contact).
Force majeure.
We are not liable for changes or problems on which we have no control, such as changes or problems of natural disasters, war, terrorism, uprisings, embargo, acts or military entities, civilian authorities fire, accidents, failure of flooding or lack of network infrastructure, transport, fuel, strike energy, staff or material.
This provision shall not apply to users established in the eea.
